===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Group First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] I would now like to introduce Blake Vanier, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Vanier, the floor is yours.
Blake Vanier: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our first quarter 2025 earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bayley, President and CEO of the Royal Caribbean brand. Before we get started, I would like to note that we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our investor website and in our earnings release. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency-adjusted basis. Jason will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow with a recap of our first quarter, the current booking environment, and our outlook for 2025. We will then open the call for your questions. With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Blake, and good morning everyone. I am pleased to share our strong first quarter results and updated outlook for the year. During the first quarter, we delivered over 2 million unforgettable vacations at exceptional guest satisfaction scores and achieved financial results that exceeded our expectations. Likewise, WAVE Season was the best in our company's history, putting us in a strong book position for the remainder of the year and for 2026. Clearly, consumers continue to choose our vacations because we consistently deliver the best experiences and provide value to our guests. As we look across the current macro landscape, we recognize that there is heightened uncertainty. However, research including the direct surveying of our customers continue to show that the propensity to cruise remains encouraging. The combination of the world-class experiences we deliver, continued strong secular tailwinds and the persistent value gap to land-based vacation positions us well to navigate the current environment. I'll touch more on this in a little bit. We are certainly not immune to macro volatility, but what we're seeing on the ground in our bookings and the real time spending occurring on our ships is that consumers are still prioritizing experiences, planning to spend more on them this year and are seeking value that we are well positioned to offer. At this point, it's still too early to determine how exactly the current macro environment could impact the broader economy or consumer behavior. What I want to emphasize is that we are focused on what we can control delivering the best vacation experiences for our guests, optimizing revenue, managing costs and executing on our long-term strategies. Over the past several years we have taken decisive steps to strengthen our balance sheet and we continue to do so. We are in a very strong financial position, investment grade balance sheet, strong cash flow generation, robust liquidity and minimal near-term maturities and we remain focused on maintaining financial flexibility. We are confident in our growth strategy and the incredible opportunity ahead of us continuing to win a greater share of the growing $2 trillion vacation market as we further progress from delivering the vacation of a lifetime into a lifetime of vacations. We also continue to invest in the future of our fleet, our private destination portfolio and the guest experience. We do this all with the best talent and I want to thank the entire Royal Caribbean Group team for their passion, dedication and commitment to delivering the best vacation experiences responsibly and for driving strong financial results. Now moving to our results and outlook. We are very pleased with our first quarter results, which exceeded our expectations. Yields grew 5.6% and we saw better than expected close-in bookings across all itineraries. Adjusted earnings per share of $2.71 in the first quarter was $0.23 higher than our guidance. Better revenue and favorable timing of expenses contributed to the better than expected earnings performance. Naftali will elaborate more on the first quarter results shortly. Now I'll provide some insight into the demand environment and WAVE season. During the first quarter, bookings outpaced last year across all products resulting in the best WAVE season in the company's history. In the month of April, bookings for 2025 are outpacing last year with close-in bookings trending particularly well. Our book position is in line with prior years at higher APDs. Onboard spending and pre-cruise purchases continue to exceed prior years driven by increased participation in onboard activities and experiences at higher prices. All commercial channels are generating quality demand with particular strength in our direct-to-consumer channels. As always, we continue to possess a nimble and flexible sourcing model, both geographically and demographically, with the ability to source quality demand all over the globe. We continue to be thrilled by the reception of our spectacular new ships. The enthusiasm for Star of the Seas, our second Icon Class ship, and Celebrity Xcel, the latest addition to the Edge-class lineup, have exceeded expectations, driving strong pricing and load factors. As we look at our current and potential consumers, we remain encouraged. While broader consumer spending moderated, vacation spend continued to grow as consumer sentiment around leisure vacations remained positive. Our customers continue to be engaged and excited about vacations. In research fielded in April, seven out of ten consumers told us that they intend to spend the same or more on leisure travel over the next 12 months, with spend on travel continuing to outpace major material purchases. And for nine out of 10 consumers surveyed, value for money is crucial when making vacation plans. And this is where we continue to excel. Furthermore, when financial concerns impact lifestyle or spending, travel is not the first place consumers indicate they will pull back. Cruisers are more financially secure and more likely to protect their travel budgets during times of uncertainty. We are very well positioned to deliver great vacations from multiple locations close to home for millions of people in the U.S. offering them extraordinary value through a range of itinerary options from three to ten days from Florida, Texas, California, the Northeast and the Northwest. Our vacation experiences remain an attractive value proposition and lead in guest satisfaction compared to other vacation alternatives. Consumers recognize that our brands offer superior value for money versus alternative options. That value is made up of our unique ability to give guests the opportunity to visit a variety of destinations in one trip, the convenience of having everything in one place, plus our high quality onboard amenities and services and pricing that includes meals, accommodations and entertainment. Now let me provide an update on our outlook for 2025. Let me note that our guidance ranges are expanded compared to those we would typically provide and are based on current demand trends while also considering the complexity of the macro environment based on what we know today. Capacity is expected to grow 5.5% in 2025, driven by the introduction of Star of the Seas and Celebrity Xcel, as well as the full year benefit of Icon, Utopia and Silver Ray. Yield growth is expected to be in the range of 2.6% to 4.6%, supported by the incredible appeal of our new ships, the performance across our existing fleet, and the continued success of our private destinations. Full year adjusted earnings per share guidance is now expected to grow approximately 28% and be in the range of $14.55 to $15.55. We are benefiting from better than expected first quarter performance and favorable foreign exchange and fuel rates. While we remain cognizant of macroeconomic uncertainties, recent booking trends, disciplined cost management and a strong balance sheet positions us well to deliver another year of strong earnings growth and cash generation. Our proven formula of moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost control continues to drive superior financial performance and we remain focused on executing our Perfecta Performance Program, targeting a 20% compound annual growth rate and adjusted earnings per share through 2027 and return of invested capital in the high teens. We are relentlessly focused on delivering and innovating the best vacation experiences on the planet and a key differentiator for us is our powerful commercial flywheel where each guest experience fuels deeper loyalty and more engagement, which enables us to give guests the vacation experiences they want so they keep coming back. It starts with our exceptional portfolio brands, each a category leader designed to cater to the diverse needs of our global guest base. We amplify that strength with industry-leading ships, exclusive private destinations and continuous innovation that elevates every aspect of the guest journey. Over the next three years we will introduce seven game-changing new ships, including Star of the Seas and Celebrity Xcel in 2025. We’ll launch Celebrity River in 2027 and expand from two to seven exclusive destinations. We deepen customer relationships through data, personalization and a frictionless experience that makes planning and enjoying a vacation seamless. Our unified loyalty programs connect all our brands under one ecosystem, encouraging repeat travel and unlocking more opportunities to engage across ocean and river cruising along with our exclusive destinations. The ecosystem is working. Members of our loyalty programs accounted for nearly 40% of our bookings last year, with cross-brand bookings increasing. Loyalty members are more likely to book direct and spend 25% more per trip than nonmembers. On the digital front, bookings in our app have doubled so far this year, and loyalty members are more likely to book in the app than non-loyalty members. Over the last 10 years, we've improved the rate at which guests rebook within three months by 1.7x and increase net promoter score by 15 points. These results have translated into 50-plus percent net yield growth over that time period, and we're just getting started. Looking ahead, we are incredibly energized by the momentum we're building. These ambitious initiatives reinforce our flywheel and strengthening our ecosystem as we turn the vacation of a lifetime into a lifetime of vacations. I'm incredibly proud of the teams at the Royal Caribbean Group for their passion and relentless focus on delivering great vacation experiences for our guests. We are executing from a position of strength, and I remain optimistic about our ability to capitalize on the many opportunities that lie ahead. And with that, I will turn the call over to Naftali. Naf?
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I will start by reviewing first quarter results, which were above our expectations. Adjusted earnings per share were $2.71, 9% higher than the midpoint of our guidance. We had a great first quarter that was driven by better-than-expected pricing on closed-end demand and $0.08 per share of favorable timing of expenses. We finished the quarter with a net yield increase of 5.6% in constant currency compared to the first quarter of 2024, 60 basis points above the midpoint of our initial guidance in late January. Most of our yield growth was driven by strength in ticket pricing versus 2024. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, increased 0.1% in constant currency, 175 basis points lower than our initial guidance, driven entirely by timing of expenses that will roll into the second quarter and some of the rest of the year. Our EBITDA margin was 35%, 360 basis points better than last year. And operating cash flow was $1.6 billion. As Jason said, we had a record WAVE season and our book load factor is in line with prior years and at higher APDs. Bookings in the month of April continued at a higher pace than last year, including strength in closed-end demand and cancellation levels remain normal. The Caribbean represents 57% of our deployment this year and 49% of capacity in the second quarter. In 2025, we offered Caribbean sailings from nine U.S. home ports: Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Tampa, Port Canaveral, Galveston, Baltimore, Cape Liberty, San Juan and New Orleans, and a variety of sailing length. Our leading hardware and destinations strengthen our competitive position in this market, with the introduction of Star of the Seas in late August, Celebrity Xcel in November and the opening of Royal Beach Club Paradise Island by the end of this year. Europe will account for 15% of capacity for the year and 20% of capacity in the second quarter. Alaska is expected to account for 6% of total capacity and 9% in the second quarter. We have also some of the best hardware in the region with Celebrity Edge, two Quantum Class ships and Silver Nova. Now let me talk about our guidance for 2025. Our proven formula for success: moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost discipline is expected to drive significant earnings growth and higher cash flow generation this year. Moving to the revenue guidance. We are increasing our guidance for the year compared to our prior one in January. We did expand our typical guidance ranges to account for the broader external factors and the complexity of the current macroeconomic environment. For the full year, we expect yield growth of 2.6% to 4.6%. As a reminder, first quarter yield growth disproportionately benefited from both the timing of drydocks and new hardware, a full quarter of Icon, in addition to Utopia and Silver Ray. The cadence of yield growth throughout the year, as expected, is driven by the introduction of Star of the Seas and Celebrity Xcel into third and fourth quarters, respectively. The impact of the timing of new ship deliveries on yield growth in the second half of this year is a headwind of approximately 140 basis points. Full year net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be negative 0.1% to up 0.9%, 10 basis points lower than our prior guidance, as we remain focused on efficiency, enhancing margins and maximizing cash flow. While we manage our costs more on the yearly basis, the cadence of our cost growth varies throughout the year. This is driven by timing of dry docks, ship deliveries and the ramp-up of costs related to our acquisition of the Costa Maya port and other destinations. Second and third quarter cost growth is expected to be higher than the first and the fourth quarter, with the third quarter being most impacted by 280 basis points from these headwinds. We anticipate a fuel expense of $1.14 billion for the year, and we are 59% hedged at below market rates. We are benefiting from the current low fuel rates and have capitalized on this opportunity by executing hedges for the upcoming years at very favorable rates. Based on current fuel prices, currency exchange rates, and interest expense, we expect adjusted earnings per share between $14.55 and $15.55. The $0.55 increase compared to our prior guidance is driven by a $0.37 benefit from FX and fuel rates for the remaining of the year, a $0.05 benefit from a lower share count due to share repurchases, with the remainder attributed to the outperformance in the first quarter. We also expect 15% growth in adjusted EBITDA and 210 basis points growth in gross EBITDA margin. This positions us to accelerate our cash flow generation, which allows us to continue investing in our strategic initiatives, maintaining investment-grade balance sheet metrics and expanding capital return to shareholders. Now let me comment on second quarter guidance. In the second quarter, we expect capacity will be up 6% year-over-year and a net yield growth of 4.3% to 4.8%. Roughly half of the yield increase is driven by new hardware and the rest is driven by higher rates and load factors on like-for-like hardware. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up 3.7% to 4.2%. This includes higher dry dock days in the first half of the year compared to last year, and 140 basis points impact from first quarter cost timing shifts. Taking all this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the quarter to be $4 to $4.10. Turning to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with a strong $4.5 billion in liquidity. We’re in a very strong financial position, and we’ll continue to further strengthen the balance sheet. During the quarter, S&P Global Ratings upgraded our credit rating to investment grade, reflecting the strength of our financial position, consistent performance and disciplined capital allocation strategy. We are very pleased with this acknowledgment of the strong trajectory of the business and our commitment to strengthening the balance sheet. Also during the quarter, we exchanged $213 million of our outstanding convertible notes for cash and stock. This transaction reduced our fully diluted share count by 1 million shares. We have $110 million left outstanding that we plan to settle at maturity. During the quarter, we also repurchased 1 million shares under our 1 billion share repurchase program. As of March 31, we have $759 million available for repurchases under the current authorization. We will continue to opportunistically buy back shares while ensuring a strong balance sheet. We have very limited maturities last this year, all related to ship amortization payments that we plan to repay with cash flow. We also expect to further reduce leverage to below 3 times by the end of 2025. In closing, we remain committed and focused on our mission to deliver the best vacation experiences responsibly as we work to deliver another year of solid returns. With that, I will ask our operator to open the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Matthew Boss: Thanks, and congrats on a nice quarter.
Jason Liberty: Thank you.
Matthew Boss: So Jason, could you speak to drivers of the better-than-planned performance in the first quarter? Maybe elaborate on business in April, and just walk through the company-specific initiatives and continued investments that you have that you think could insulate results and win multi-year market share.
Jason Liberty: Sure, Matt. Hope you are doing well. So I think just starting off in the first quarter, we have seen this kind of continuous trend that – inside of a quarter, we see kind of an uplift in demand as we get very close in. And not only do we see an uplift in demand, we’re also able to raise our pricing during that period of time. And there are also high-quality customers that are also spending well in the ship. So the driver in Q1 is really just really strong close-in demand that we’ve seen. And you’ve heard us talk about in April and in the second quarter, we’re seeing that continuous trend. The interesting thing about the trend is, of course, our revenue management tools take those things into account and then try to predict the next quarter that it’s going to be at a certain level and it keeps elevating, which I know it’s probably counterintuitive to some of the reporting around consumer confidence and so forth that’s out there. I think the reason for that is several factors, one of which is we’re obviously incredibly focused on our flywheel. We had – how do we get our guests to be – to come with us more frequently. So the investments we’ve made in loyalty, the investments we’ve made even in our app and online, so that it makes it easier and easier, whether it’s through us or through our travel partners, to do business with us gets easier and easier. And then we're getting more and more reps out of those investments that we're making. I think behind that is also – and we've seen this for a while, it's just a flight to quality. When you're delivering an exceptional vacation experience with net promoter scores that are above 70, you get a very strong advocacy and you get customers that continue to sail with you. And I think that's why we're seeing, again, another – we saw an outperform quarter in Q1, and why I also think we're bucking some of the trends that are very intuitive when you look at consumer confidence and so forth. The combination, I think, of what we're delivering, combined with the value gap to land-based vacation, which as you – everyone on this call has heard me over time is frustrating to have that gap. But in times like this and we've seen this in other markets when there's economic concerns, that value gap is actually a pretty good buffer for us living our vacation experiences and our guests willing to pay for those experiences and for us to meet our financial expectations. I also think when we think about the longer-term opportunity and the investments we're making, obviously, our destination portfolio has been exceptionally successful. We're going to basically be adding a destination or two over the next several years. That's going to drive tremendous value for our shareholders. It's a great margin business for us and it also enhances the guest experience. We have a lot of great ships coming online that are very, very well received as they’re very focused and designed to who the customer of today and the customer of tomorrow is. We've got a lot of investments on the technology side. So obviously, our yield management program is – has a tremendous amount of AI inside of it, and that gets smarter and smarter. We're installing a new travel platform that will be centered around the customer instead of being centered around the cabin. And then we have a lot of other, I would say, modernization activities and so forth that are taking some of the great learnings from the newer ships and rolling them back on to some of our legacy fleet. So we're really excited. I think we all appreciate that there is some noise in the environment. But we are seeing, I think all things considered, very strong on consumer trends for our business.
Matthew Boss: That's really great color. And then maybe, Naftali, if you could just walk through the areas of this year's guidance where you embedded expanded assumption ranges tied to the current macro backdrop. And just multiyear, any change in thinking to your outlined 20% earnings growth CAGR based on anything that you've seen to date?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. Hi, Matt. So really, if you look historically at this time of the year, we actually narrowed the range. So we started roughly around 50 – sorry, 100 basis points on yield. In the beginning of the year and this point, we are around 50%. So we kept it at 100. So that's really where the difference is. Obviously, cost is something that we feel we can control very well. So that hasn't changed. And obviously, the earnings we've expanded that range. No, obviously, we just announced Perfecta just a couple of weeks ago, and so we feel very good about – as Jason said, about the long-term opportunity to continue to win share for a very, very large and exciting $2 trillion vacation market. We continue to invest in our strategies. We believe our strategies work. And so we feel that we are also in a great financial position to continue to capitalize on that opportunity.
Matthew Boss: Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Chaiken with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Ben Chaiken: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. You’ve Nassau opening in December, Naftali, I think on the last call, you said this is greatest weekend in the history of cruise. Any updated thoughts on the pricing of that day pass?
Michael Bayley: Hey, Ben, it's Michael. Yes, the greatest weekend in the world is, of course, Utopia of the Seas, sailing out of Port Canaveral to Perfect Day and soon to be the Royal Beach Club. So – and we are absolutely delighted with the performance of that product. It has been outstanding. So very pleased with that, and it truly is the greatest weekend in the world. The Beach Club pricing strategy, we have a big event that we're hosting in New York City in a couple of weeks, and we'll be talking about the destination portfolio and sharing some of the images and concepts that will be coming alive in the coming years. And particularly, we'll be talking about the Royal Beach Club in Nassau. And we'll be talking during that presentation about how we're thinking about pricing. We're very – as Jason mentioned and Naf, we're super excited about this portfolio that we've got coming online over the next few years. And the first one out of the gate, of course, is the Royal Beach Club Nassau.
Ben Chaiken: Understood. I appreciate that. And then one maybe clarification. Why the new ships a headwind in 3Q and 4Q? I think you mentioned 140 basis points into H2 yield. I guess, simplistically, I would have thought the ships are positive. Is this just basically like test cruises ramping up APCDs without the associated full revenue ramp?
Naftali Holtz: Yes, let me just clarify. So it's really about timing of when the ships enter into the service. And we broadly say second – sorry, third quarter, but really there's timing into it. So if you think about Utopia, it entered pretty early in July. Star is actually entering towards very late in August. And so you have both lower APCDs as well as less of an impact from the load factors ramping up. So that’s really the headwind that is mostly on Q3. Now Q3 also, on an absolute dollar, is the highest in the second half. So it weighs a little bit more on the second half of the year.
Ben Chaiken: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steven Wieczynski: Yes. Guys, good morning. So Jason, if we go back to revised guidance for the rest of the year, I guess, I would say, I’m probably a little surprised you guys didn’t take up a more conservative view around onboard spending and/or close-in pricing. And I know you mentioned the feedback that you’ve gotten from – and your data from your customer is it does remain positive. But clearly, onboarding close-in can change very quickly. So I guess my question is, if there was going to be some pressure from your customer base, do you think the low end of your guidance is now set low enough, that even if there was going to be some pressure, it would capture that? And look, I know that’s kind of a tough question because we have no clue how that spending levels would have to be before it goes outside that range. But I want to get your kind of feedback there or take on that.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Look, I think obviously there’s a lot of companies that are doing different things with – there’s a heightened level of uncertainty that’s out there. When we’re guiding, Steve, the best that we can do is look at how we’re trading each and every day and also how our customers are spending, and where we see resistance and where we don’t see resistance in what we’re doing. I think that when we look at how we’ve guided for the balance of the year, obviously, we need an update for Q1, we needed to update for FX and fuel, but we did not update for the back half. And so typically, what you would see is when we see trends that we saw in the first quarter, you would start to think about how that’s going to impact the balance of the year. So I think we’ve try to take a little bit more of a conservative position that’s informed by how we see our guests trading with us each and every day. And then we’ve tried to extend that range to think about how we look at maybe a softer side and maybe a more optimistic side to help kind of investors understand how we see the range of it. As you mentioned, there is uncertainty and so things could change, obviously. But I think we feel we’re over – I think we’re 86% booked for the year. So I think we have pretty good visibility. We see really no change in cancellation rates. We see no real change in how our consumers are acting. Outside of that, they are a little bit more short-term focused, and we see that in the elevation of bookings for the second quarter.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. That’s good color, Jason. And then second question. One of the questions we get a lot from investors is around discounting and what we call kind of promotional work in order to drive demand. So as we think about bookings – and maybe not so much for this year, but as we think into 2026 and beyond, can you maybe help us think about how you would attack using lowering pricing versus other tools in order to stimulate demand if there was going to be a slowdown in bookings? And then, Jason, I’m not sure you mentioned this in your prepared remarks, but can you give us some color around what you’re seeing so far for 2026 and maybe how you’re booked for next year versus what you would call your optimal booked position?
Jason Liberty: Sure. So first and foremost, we are very religious about price integrity. We’ve been through different cycles before and ensuring that we have a level of price integrity we think is very important. And I think the combination of all the tools that we have in place, having that kind of global yield management platform and being able to source from different parts of the world and different parts of the U.S. on a dime, I think, positions us really, really well. But I would say, Steve that what we generally view is that we have a pretty good holster of different promotional tools and so forth that we use and we engage all the time in the marketplace. But I think we would lead with price integrity and we would obviously want to focus on making sure that whatever we’re putting into the marketplace does not have something that we believe will impact the integrity of our brands or how we’re managing revenue into the future. I did comment on 2026 that – so one, the booking window is about a week shorter, but that’s really being driven by close-in demand. And our book position for 2026, I said at this point is in line with same time last year on a volume standpoint. And of course, obviously, we have – and that’s on a percent. So we have more capacity next year and at higher prices.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lizzie Dove with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Lizzie Dove: Hi there. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a good set of earnings. I’m just curious, in terms of the inventory you still have to fill for 4Q and for 2026, has there been any difference in terms of like the type of bookings, whether that’s like Europe versus U.S. itineraries or different brands, strengthened contemporary versus premium, short duration, drive-through, anything like that that you would call out that’s kind of different than usual trends?
Jason Liberty: There's really nothing specific, Lizzie, that I would call out, what we're seeing by market. Obviously, some of the things that you read out there about things a little bit softer for markets like Canada, that's there, but it's very, very – for us, it's very immaterial to our business. But when we look at whether it's sourcing from whether it's North America, Europe or Asia, for the products that they source to, we feel very good in terms of their booking activity. And I think we've also been studying obviously; we have brands that are in different segments. And so we're looking at is there any behavioral change in the family market, is there any behavioral change in the luxury market, because there are different consumers, they have different balance sheets and they do tend to act and behave differently. But from what we can see so far – and so far, meaning as of an hour ago, they continue to be focused on their vacation experiences, making sure that they planned and then getting the vacation experience that they want. I think there's just a recognition that there is this value gap. And potentially, they're trading more for a more known all-inclusive experience, which is why I think we're seeing trends that are more favorable than what we might see with other travel peers.
Lizzie Dove: Got it. That makes sense. And then I guess just thinking about the makeup of the yield outlook for this year. Obviously, you've been getting such great premiums on the new ships. It's been a big driver. I'm curious, any color you can share of like the contribution of new ship premiums versus like-for-like pricing, whether you distill a bit of private island maybe less so this year? But in that – is like-for-like pricing still up year-on-year? Or just any way to kind of think about the relative contribution of each of those kind of blocks, I suppose?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So, hey, Lizzie, so I said that in the first quarter it was roughly half and half between like-for-like and new hardware. It's pretty consistent throughout the year, except for the third quarter, as I mentioned, because of the timing of the new ship, Star of the Seas, that obviously is a little bit less so and mostly like-for-like. So it's pretty consistent, excluding that piece in the third quarter.
Lizzie Dove: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. Just a follow-up on the near-term demand commentary. You guys see a lot of data from your loyalty program, now that your loyalty program is 40% of your business, you see you can track customers and where they're going in the system? Are you seeing any one trade down between ships, between brands, just looking for more value within the system?
Jason Liberty: I'll just be crisp about it. No, Brandt, they're continuing to behave how they normally behave. We have even been watching the – even as they – it's not just about the booking in itself, it's also the journey they go through and they're researching and so forth, are they looking for alternatives that are less, and we’re not seeing that either occurring at this point.
Brandt Montour: Okay. Thanks for that Jason. And then another question sort of recession scenario type of question. But your load factors are in line with prior years for this year, for next year. One of your larger peers is running their booked position ahead of prior years. And so the question is, if you go into a slower bookings environment, would you be willing to – how much would you be willing to flex your load factors in order to protect price? And if that's something that you'd even need to do or if there's other levers you could pull?
Jason Liberty: Well, I don't think – I mean, it's tough to deal with hypotheticals. I think that we're obviously focused on optimizing our revenue, and – but at the same time, maintaining price integrity. So I don't have an answer on how much load factor we give up. I think what we've been trying to do is actually increase our load factor. We've been outfitting our legacy ships with more capabilities to take on more load factor, our new ships are able to take on more load factor. And so we're trying to maximize that. And it's not about load factor to get more people in, it's actually to bring more value to the vacation experience for our guests, especially our families and multigenerational. And instead of having to buy two cabins, they're able to maybe get their family members into one cabin, because we've been able to increase the load factor inside that cabin. And of course, because of the demand that we have and the flywheel that we have, the loyalty system we have, we're able to kind of maintain that momentum and get more and more reps out of our loyalty guests. And so that's – I don't really know what the hypothetical answer to it is, but I'd lean into that we do look to obviously maximize our load factor, but also not at the sacrifice of price integrity.
Brandt Montour: Got it. Makes sense. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Vince Ciepiel: Thanks. Maybe as a follow-up to Brandt. It sounds like your April bookings were quite strong. There has been some reports out there of a little choppier April. So just be curious what you see out in the marketplace. You have new leadership across all three major cruise lines going through, what potentially might be some choppy waters. Jury’s still out. But up to this point in time, how do you think the industry has been navigating through the last 30 days to 60 days from a price perspective?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, I'm three and a half years into this, I don't know how new I, if you can call me young, that would be great as well. I mean, first of all, you're also dealing, I think with a set of industry leaders that, while they might be relative – if 3.5 years is new, then I guess the other ones might be a little bit newer. But we've been in this industry for a long time and I continue to see I mean pretty rational behavior. Everyone generally leading with price integrity. And I think that's – it’s tough to get a read on it because I think there's been a lot of high quality demand that the industry is continuing to see. And I think it goes back to what we keep pressing on is that this isn't about share or I think volume in the cruise industry. This is about where – how small cruise is to the broader travel and leisure industry. And the focus and I think we're all collectively focused, though I can't speak for the others, is how do we close that gap to land based vacation and how do we get that extra rep from land onto our ships. And I think that's kind of what the vision and the focus is less about stealing share from each other on the cruise industry side. And I think that's – that combined with the value gap I think is why you're seeing a difference in behavior. I just want to comment on the – on what you referred to on the choppiness. I mean everybody gets their sources from different places. But I think you should take our commentary around April to describe what we're seeing. And that may be seen differently by different channels as well. But I just wanted to make that point.
Vince Ciepiel: Yes. That's really helpful clarification. And then maybe for Naf, just around capital allocation recently announced the share repurchase plan. Just thoughts as you balance what you're seeing on the macro front with returning capital versus shoring [ph] up the balance sheet, how are you thinking about that? And any change to the CapEx plans in light of what you're seeing out there?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So first I'll start by saying that we feel very good about financially and this balance sheet and where we are. We have made, as you know, a lot of effort over the last couple of years to make sure that we get to the place where the balance sheet is strong. So investment grade now rated. We have a very strong liquidity. We're generating very healthy cash flows and so we feel pretty good about where we are. And so as we look at the opportunity, we feel that there's so much opportunity to kind of win the share of the $2 trillion market and we do want to continue to invest. We are very confident with our strategies and we have a very well articulated and defined capital investment over the next couple of years and obviously it's articulated in Perfecta. So that we will continue to do. And I think the balance sheet is very good to support that. We do acknowledge that also there is supplemental to the investment because we are focused on growth and we are a growth company. But we do appreciate that there is excess cash flow. So we've restarted the dividend. We've increased it three times since the summer of 2024. We feel we're in a very good spot right now offering competitive dividend and we'll continue to evaluate as things come by. And then the share repurchases are opportunistic. And so we did feel that this quarter we had an opportunity to recapture some shares and we've done that. And we'll continue to evaluate it opportunistically. And of course it's important to note that we are very focused on the balance sheet. So we will not compromise the balance sheet for that. But we feel in a very good position and we'll continue to evaluate those share repurchases.
Vince Ciepiel: Helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. Just circling back to your comment that the month of April you said bookings for 2025 are outpacing year-over-year. And just thinking about what that might imply about 2026 bookings? I know you said the load factor for 2026 is in line with the same time last year, but is it fair to say it's still above sort of historic ranges, right? So even if maybe the focus of bookings from the consumer today is on the close in more than 2026, is it fair to say there still room for that load factor to come down? In other words, if you can sort of wait out a little bit of uncertainty here if the consumers waiting a little bit to be more aggressive with 2026? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. So our commentary around April represents our future bookings. So I'll leave it there as it relates to whether it's 2026 or 2027, because we are booking some things for 2027 at this point in time. And I think on the load factor or the booked position for 2026, Robin, the way that I would look at this is you heard me say this in the beginning of this year, I said it towards the end of last year and also towards the end of 2023 is, I think we always have some level of regret that we're too booked going into the calendar year and we leave revenue on the table. So I think we feel very good being booked in line with same time last year. Our revenue management models say that's where we should be booked. And of course, we're booked at higher rates. So I think – I think we – and if load factors are a little bit lower, that's okay because it is substantially higher on a book position than if you were to look back in the 2015 and ten years ago, the book position is much higher. But we typically do have a level of regret that we would have had an opportunity to grab more revenue or optimize more revenue if we would have waited a little bit longer.
Robin Farley: Great. No, it totally makes sense. Thank you. And then maybe just one quick follow-up. Just noticed that our capacity growth rate in 2026 is just like slightly lower growth rate than it was previously. Is that just sort of dry dock scheduling or like a ship delivery changing by a few weeks, something like that?
Naftali Holtz: Yes, Robin, it's really rounding. So it's – and this is exactly what you said, some of the refinement of dry docks, some of the specific entry of the new hardware, and it's not 100 basis points, it's much smaller, it's close to 30 basis points.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Yes. It shows up as like a point in the release. No, that's right.
Naftali Holtz: Exactly.
Robin Farley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Conor Cunningham with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi everyone. Thank you. You shared some great survey stats, I thought, at the beginning of the call. And I think you mentioned that nine-in-10 people that you surveyed cite the relative value of cruising in general. So I was curious, we're early days in the potential downturn here from an economic standpoint. Like how has moved up your consumers' priorities like other secular opportunities that you see within this space? I'm just trying to understand how much more insulated your outcomes could be relative to other forms of travel that are out there subsiding you more difficult backdrop in general? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Conor, I mean your value is always an important consideration. It is at a higher level than what we have historically seen, but it's only moved up a position or two on that list. I think that one of the things that we've been trying to close that value gap to land-based vacation and the appreciation of so much more you get out of cruise experience than you do by land base. And I think it's – but it does serve in times like this when there's maybe a greater level of uncertainty, it does help us navigate some of – maybe some of those concerns that might be out there from the consumer. Because they know much value they get out of it, they have a sense on the bookends on what it will cost them and their family or friends to be able to do it, and they know they're going to get a great experience out of it. And I think those are the combination of them being able to build memories and experiences with their friends and family, which are very high on that list. Visiting locations that they haven't been before is very high on this. And value for money is very high on that list, and it's a little bit elevated versus what we've seen in the past.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. And then maybe just going back to the capital allocation commentary, I'm just trying to – I know it's early days on the buybacks. And you guys' conviction level continues to improve basically every quarter and you have a pretty robust outlook for the next couple of years. So why wouldn't we be leaning in really hard on the buyback in general? It just seems like there's a mismatch in what you're communicating at times to what the market is doing. So just any thoughts there on why we wouldn't leaning in or maybe it would? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So I think the main driver of it. I think just to – I think to be clear about it is that we're still settled [ph] a little bit with some of the covenants from – during COVID because we lost a lot of equity in the balance sheet and the P&L that's still being built up. And so they're net worth on covenants that we have to manage around. And so it's – that $1 billion announcement for the year is based – meant to be kind of smoothed out, not because of the opportunity that might lay in front of us on the stock side, but some of it has to do with just the timing of that net worth calculation and the cushion that's on top of that to make sure that we don't take on some type of an issue. That's really the driver on why we would not have lot more, as an example. And then we take advantage of opportunities that we did with the converts, that Naf and his team did, that allowed us to grab some more of those shares. What I will tell you is, all the dilution that we had to incur – which again, is a fraction of others, is very personal to us, and we're focused on how do we recapture it as soon as we can.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. Appreciate the detail. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Sean Wagner: Hi, this is Sean Wagner on for James. The growth in occupancy is increasingly noteworthy. How should we be thinking about occupancy in the context of the 2025 guide? And I guess, that opportunity going forward as you add Icon class ship every year with what we know about the load factors on those ships?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So I think we've articulated in the past that we feel that there is a great opportunity for both our existing ships, right? So retrofitting some of the rooms with some higher ability to take bigger occupancy and capacity. And then also with the newer ships, they are accretive to our overall average load factor. And so we have Icons, we have Utopia, and these are much higher than the average. So as we continue to add those ships that will inch up the load factor. And at the end of the day, we're trying to maximize yield, right, and that's both the load factor and price.
Sean Wagner: Okay. And for the 2025 guidance, what is your assumed occupancy for the year?
Naftali Holtz: Yes, we don't really kind of guide on occupancy just on yield, but it's consistent with kind of how we're trending here.
Sean Wagner: Okay. Fair enough. And I guess what are you assuming for your equity income line in the context of the full year guide? Do you expect that growth to keep up with the EBIT growth? Or as far as variability from here forward, do you expect that to flex up and down commensurate with your full year guidance?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. I think it's really consistent throughout the year. So there's nothing specific to call out.
Sean Wagner: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Xian Siew with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Xian Siew: Hi guys. Thanks for the question. On 1Q, you kind of beat the net yield guidance, and then 2Q looks like a nice guidance as well on net yield, but the full year net yield guidance on constant currency may be up just a little bit. I'm just curious how you're thinking about 2H, and if that's changed at all versus 90 days ago?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. No, as you can see, we haven't really changed our yield guidance for the year, it was up slightly, basically taking into account the outperformance in the first quarter. And so we made the comments around the first quarter where we disproportionately benefited from timing of new hardware. If you remember last year Icon came in during the first quarter. And as its ramping its load factors, we did not have Utopia. So there's a lot of contribution from that in the first quarter. And then on the third quarter, I made these comments earlier that there's also a headwind this year from the timing of Star entering into service and just the year-over-year comp, both from APCDs as well as just the load factor ramp-up. And so there's kind of that cadence throughout the year, and there are the things that we're trying to point out of how they are trying to impact. But if you kind of normalize for that, it's pretty consistent throughout the year. And our formula is very clear, right, moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth, strong cost control. That's our formula for success. That's how we're managing the business. And so that's pretty consistent this year.
Xian Siew: Great. Thanks. And then maybe just another follow-up on the booking trend. Any kind of change differences between returning customers versus new customers? Are you seeing any differences there? You mentioned kind of strong loyalty, but – curious any other thoughts?
Jason Liberty: No. I think the only thing that we would – the reason why we pointed out the point on the royalty side is we have way more reps out of our loyalty customers. And some of that is also just cross branded opportunities that are being enabled by our loyalty program. But demand from new-to-cruise and first-to-brand is exceptionally high. We're just – there just a creation of greater competition for inventory because of the successful activities that are coming from our loyalty program.
Xian Siew: Great. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Operator: And I'll now turn the conference back over to Naftali Holtz, CFO, for closing remarks.
Naftali Holtz: Thank you. We thank you everyone, for your participation and interest in the company. Blake will be available for any follow-ups. We wish you all a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce Blake Vanier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vanier, the floor is yours.
Blake Vanier: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bayley, President and CEO of the Royal Caribbean brand. Before we get started, I would like to note that we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management's current expectations, and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our investor website and in our earnings release. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency adjusted basis. Jason will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow with a recap of our fourth quarter, the current booking environment, and our outlook for 2025. We will then open the call for your questions. With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I'm thrilled to discuss our exceptional fourth quarter and full year results, our outlook for 2025, and the many exciting things happening at the Royal Caribbean Group. 2024 was an incredible year for us and the fourth quarter was no exception. We delivered a record 8.6 million memorable vacations at very high customer satisfaction scores, achieved an 11.6% net yield growth, generated more than $5 billion of operating cash flow, and return the balance sheet to investment grade metrics. We achieved our Trifecta financial goals 18 months ahead of schedule and at the same time, we expanded capital allocation, all while continuing to invest in the business to support our growth ambitions. We also met our double-digit carbon intensity reduction target a full year ahead of schedule. These strong financial results set the foundation for a very bright future which is truly just beginning for us. With our industry-leading global brands, the most innovative fleet and private destinations and the best people, we remain focused on winning a greater share of the $2 trillion vacation market. Our plan to capitalize on this opportunity continues to be grounded in our proven formula for success, moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth, and strong cost control. I want to thank the entire Royal Caribbean Group team for their passion, dedication and commitment that enables us to deliver the best vacation experiences responsibly and to drive exceptional financial results. Before getting into the details, I would like to take a moment to discuss an exciting new chapter in our mission to deliver the best vacation experiences. Celebrity River Cruises, which we announced this morning, will unlock exciting new opportunities for our guests, our business and our shareholders. Beginning in 2027, Celebrity River Cruises will provide yet another opportunity for guests to explore even more destinations with our leading brands. We placed an initial order for 10 transformative ships, which will serve as the foundation for this new Edge-class inspired product. Our ambitions however, go far beyond that. We see river cruising as an exciting growth opportunity that aligns with our strategy of turning the vacation of a lifetime into a lifetime of vacations, expanding our ecosystem of vacation offerings and broadening our reach into adjacent lines of businesses. River cruising is a sizable and attractive market that has experienced double-digit growth over the last decade driven by increasing demand from both seasoned cruisers as well as new customers. It is a very fragmented market that presents an exciting opportunity for us to win substantial market share. It delivers attractive APDs that we can capture while deepening customer loyalty within our family of brands. River cruising is a complementary high margin, high ROIC business that fits nicely within our portfolio. The smaller scale of river ships and shorter build timelines allow us for faster deployment and return profiles. Celebrity River Cruises is a natural extension of Celebrity's premium ocean offering and appeals to a similar demographic of discerning travelers who value immersive, destination-focused experiences. River Cruises spend a disproportionate amount of their time and money on travel, including more spend on all types of cruises. We have a remarkable opportunity. Approximately half of our guests have either already experienced or intend to take a river cruise vacation and a majority of guests who would add an additional vacation to take a river cruise. Furthermore, Celebrity's existing reputation for exceptional hospitality and unparalleled experiences will attract new demand from travelers who are curious about river cruising but who haven't yet taken that leap. Just as we've set the standard of excellence in ocean cruising, we will continue to innovate and elevate in the river space. The quality and sophistication of our Edge-class ocean ships will bring cutting edge design, sustainable technologies and reimagined onboard and shore experiences that raises the bar for river cruising. This is an exciting time for the Celebrity brand as this new -- news follows our recent agreement to order a sixth Edge-class ship set to be delivered to Celebrity Cruises in 2028. Edge 6 also known as Xcel 2 will be the sister ship to Celebrity Xcel which is gearing up for its inaugural sailing later this year. So now let's talk about 2024 results and 2025 outlook. I am proud of what we have accomplished in 2024. We delivered double-digit yield growth and generated $0.5 billion more in revenue than we originally expected. Our strong performance was propelled by the flawless execution of our incredible team, which drove elevated demand across our brands. We also continued our focus on driving durable margin expansion resulting in 74% year-over-year adjusted EPS growth. We continue to invest in our future while strengthening the balance sheet, achieving our target of investment grade metrics and reaching mid-teen ROIC. The year ended on a great note with revenue yield up 7.3% in the fourth quarter, earnings that were $0.20 better than our guidance and a strong book position for 2025 from both a pricing and volume standpoint. 2024 was another year of remarkable innovation as we ushered in a new era of vacations with the launch of Icon of the Seas, Utopia of the Seas, and Silver Ray. While announcing and advancing several key private destinations that will further differentiate our leading portfolio of brands including Perfect Day Mexico, Royal Beach Clubs in Paradise Island and Cozumel. We received exceptionally high guest satisfaction scores and attracted a record number of both new and loyal guests. We continue to invest in our commercial and vacation experiences flywheel. In 2024, we expanded our capabilities across distribution channels to create a digital experience that connects the dots across all aspects of the consumer journey. Guests have been seamlessly planning and booking their dream vacations, reducing the amount of time to book a cruise by half. We launched over 300 new digital capabilities across channels in 2024, improving the overall experience and reducing friction points while increasing spend. We also infused AI into the guest journey to provide a better, more efficient experience, and more personalized service. For example, our new in-app chat saw a 35% increase in guest adoption that led to a 20% reduction in the customer service line on board. With 9 out of 10 guests indicating their intents are repeat, our new Loyalty Status Match program allows our guests to earn loyalty status across all three brands, fostering long-term relationships and rewarding loyal customers across our portfolio. Turning to this year, momentum continues in 2025, with bookings accelerating since the last earnings call, resulting in the best five booking weeks in the company's history. Bookings have continued to outpace last year across all key products. Our book position is in line with prior years at higher APDs, allowing us to further optimize pricing and yield growth as we continue to build the book of business for 2025. As our bookings for 2025 have ramped up since the last earnings call, our APD premium to last year has widened, underlining our continued focus on optimizing yield growth. Our commercial apparatus is firing on all cylinders and all channels are delivering quality demand above 2024 levels. Our direct-to-consumer channels are performing extremely well. We added hundreds of new capabilities across our digital platforms last year as consumers' preference for digital engagement continues to grow. Our travel partners are also delivering meaningfully more bookings than last year at higher rates. We continue to see particularly healthy demand from North America where about 80% of our guests will be sourced this year. Our brand's global appeal and nimble sourcing model allows us to attract the highest yielding guests by positioning our ships in multiple markets around the world. Our brands lead in their respective segments and are very successful at capturing quality demand across sectors and sourcing from new consumer bases. As we think about consumer demand for 2025 and beyond, we look to both macro trends and data points from millions of daily interactions with our customers. We continue to see very positive sentiment from our customers bolstered by strong labor markets, high wages, surplus savings and elevated wealth levels, at the same time; they continue to prioritize travel experiences. American households are wealthier than ever with continued wage growth and low unemployment driving strong consumer spending. We see positive sentiment from our customers in a macro environment that favors experiences over things as leisure and travel spend continue to grow. Consumers plan to spend more on vacations and take more trips in the coming year and our guests over index in their intent to spend more on leisure travel. Consumers place significant value on visiting multiple destinations and this is even more important to Millennial and Gen Z consumers; something that cruising is uniquely positioned to deliver on. Cruise consideration is high with the biggest gains among Millennials and younger travelers. Cruise remains an attractive value proposition and also leads in guest satisfaction compared to other vacation alternatives. We are very well-positioned to benefit from these trends with our exceptional and leading portfolio of brands, innovated and differentiated ships, exciting and exclusive destination experiences, and leading commercial and AI-driven capabilities. 2025 is shaping up to be another great year with 23% expected earnings growth and accelerated path towards robust cash flow generation. In 2025, we expect to grow capacity by 5% through the introduction of Star of the Seas and Celebrity Xcel as well as the full year benefit of Utopia of the Seas and Silver Ray. New ships not only elevate our vacation experience and draw new customers to our brand, but also provide yield tailwinds and enhance overall profitability. We expect yields to grow 2.5% to 4.5% driven by the performance of our entire fleet, new and existing ships combined with our leading private destinations and strengthening commercial apparatus, strong rates and load factors together with continued focus on margins and strategic capital allocation are expected to drive adjusted earnings per share of $14.35 to $14.65, which includes $0.65 of FX in the fuel rate headwinds compared to our last earnings call. Our proven formula for success is working. Moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost control leads to enhanced margins, profitability and superior financial performance. For decades the Royal Caribbean Group has been redefining what a vacation experience can be. It's clear that our success has been built on a foundation of differentiation, setting ourselves apart through innovation and excellence. We have led the way in delivering best-in-class ships that redefine possible. As we look ahead, we continue to redefine vacations through the ambition expansion of our private destination portfolio, the exciting entry into new lines of businesses like Celebrity River Cruises and the development of industry-leading digital and AI capabilities. We relentlessly pursue an acute understanding of how today's families, couples, and individuals want to spend their valuable vacation time, so that we can continue to develop an expanding ecosystem of vacation experiences that wildly exceed their expectations. Our goal is to create seamless personalized journeys across a portfolio of experiences from ship to Private Island to river cruises and beyond that inspire loyalty, deepen relationships and position us as a preferred choice for every kind of vacation. This is not just a strategy, it's a promise to redefine what travel means for our guests. It's about meeting them where they are, dreaming alongside them and turning the vacation of a lifetime into a lifetime of vacations. With this vision, we are poised to lead not just the cruise industry but the broader world of travel into an exciting new era. Through it all, we remain committed to our See the Future vision, sustaining the planet, energizing communities and accelerating innovation. 2024 was an exceptional year for our company, marked by many milestones that set the stage for an even brighter future. We are continuously elevating what it means to deliver the best vacation experiences, awe inspiring ships, an unparalleled private destination portfolio and globally trusted brands all propelled by the best people. Royal Caribbean Group is redefining what people have come to expect from a vacation. As we embark on 2025, we remain focused on winning an even greater share of the broader vacation market and we are just getting started. And with that, I will turn it over to Naftali. Naf?
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I will start with reviewing fourth quarter results. Our teams delivered another exceptional quarter that exceeded our expectations resulting in adjusted earnings per share of $1.63. The outperformance compared to our guidance is driven by better revenue across our brands and products and strong cost performance despite a headwind from stock compensation due to increase in our share price. We finished the fourth quarter with net yield growth of 7.3%, 200 basis points higher than the mid-point of our guidance that was driven by stronger than expected APDs from both new ships and like-for-like hardware. We also saw both better pricing on ticket as well as better than expected onboard spend. Net Cruise Costs excluding fuel increased 13.5% in constant currency. The increase in costs compared to guidance is entirely driven by a 300 basis points impact from higher stock-based compensation due to the rise in the stock price. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.1 billion, 10% year-over-year growth and operating cash flow was $1.5 billion. Now switching to our 2025 outlook. I will start by taking you through capacity and deployment for the year. With the introduction of Star, Xcel and a full year of Utopia and Silver Ray, capacity is expected to increase 5.4% year-over-year. We have fewer dry dock days this year compared to 2024, contributing about 1 percentage point to capacity growth. This year, we also have some of our biggest ships planned for dry dock and we also have restarted our modernization program that has more days for each dry dock. As a result, we have less dry dock days than 2024, but more days than 2023. In terms of quarterly cadence, the first quarter has more dry docks than last year, negatively impacting capacity growth by 300 basis points. The second and the third quarter are relatively flat to last year, while the fourth quarter will have fewer dry dock days compared to last year, benefiting capacity growth by 500 basis points. As a result, APCDs are expected to grow around 3% in the first and third quarters, 6% in the second quarter and 10% in the fourth quarter. New hardware in 2025 represents 4% of total capacity growth compared to 8% in 2024. As Jason mentioned, the year is off to a very strong start. Last quarter, we said the demand for 2025 is strong with book load factors in line with prior years and at higher rates, allowing for further pricing and yield growth as 2025 bookings continue to ramp up and that's exactly what is happening. Since the last earnings call, we've continued to build load factors while also expanding our booked APD versus the same time last year. The Caribbean represents 57% of our deployment this year and capacity in the region is up 6% over last year, with the introduction of Star of the Seas and Celebrity Xcel in the second half of the year. We continue to differentiate in the Caribbean market with our incredible ships and private destinations driving very strong performance. Over 70% of guests on these itineraries sailing with the Royal Caribbean brand will visit a private destination this year and that percentage will increase to 90% in 2027, with the opening of the beach clubs at Paradise Island, Nassau, and Cozumel and Perfect Day Mexico. Caribbean bookings have been strong with Icon and Utopia continuing to perform well above expectations on top of strong performance of existing hardware. Europe will account for 15% of capacity and is up 5% versus last year. European sailings continue to perform very well on both rate and volume basis. Alaska is expected to account for 6% of total capacity. We have some of the best hardware in the region including Celebrity Edge, two Quantum Class ships and Silver Nova among others. Alaska demand has been very strong and continues to surpass our expectations. Now let me talk about our guidance for 2025. Our proven formula for success, moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth, and strong cost discipline is expected to drive 23% earnings growth and higher cash flow generation this year. We expect yield growth of 2.5% to 4.5% balanced between new and existing hardware. Our 2025 yield growth outlook is on top of 11.6% growth in 2024 that was boosted by fourth quarter outperformance and put 40 basis point headwind on this year's growth metric. Full year net Cruise Costs excluding fuel are expected to be flat to up 1%, as our focus remains to enhance margin as we continue to grow the business. The cadence of our cost growth varies throughout the year with second and third quarter costs expected to be higher than the first and fourth quarter driven by timing of dry docks ramp up of costs related to our acquisition of the Costa Maya port and other destinations. We anticipate a fuel expense of $1.17 billion for the year and we are 60% hedged at below market rates. Based on current fuel prices, currency exchange rates and interest expense, we expect adjusted earnings per share between $14.35 and $14.65. I would also note that this range includes $0.65 headwind from foreign exchange and fuel rates since the last earnings call when we shared our preliminary expectations for the year. We also expect 13% growth in adjusted EBITDA and 150 basis points growth in gross EBITDA margin. This positions us to accelerate our cash flow generation, which allows us to continue investing in game changing strategic initiatives, maintaining investment grade balance sheet metrics and expanding capital return to shareholders. We expect to invest $5 billion of capital into our key strategic growth initiatives as well as ensuring our assets are well maintained. We are set to deliver Star of the Seas in the third quarter and Celebrity Xcel in the fourth quarter with both ships having committed financing in place. Non-ship capital is expected to be $1.6 billion with a significant portion related to our private destination portfolio including the acquisition of the Costa Maya port that we announced last year, the Beach Club in Cozumel, and the Beach Club in Nassau that is expected to open in the fourth quarter of this year. Now, I will discuss our first quarter guidance. In the first quarter, capacity will be up 3% year-over-year. More than 70% of our capacity will be in the Caribbean, 19% in Asia-Pacific, and the remaining capacity spread across several other itineraries. Net yields are expected to be up 4.75% to 5.25% with growth coming from both new and existing hardware across all products. First quarter yield growth disproportionately benefits from both the timing of dry docks and new hardware, a full quarter of Icon in addition to Utopia and Silver Ray. Net Cruise Costs excluding fuel are expected to be up in the range of 1.6% to 2.1% and include 130 basis points impact from increased dry docks compared to the first quarter of 2024. Taking all this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the quarter to be $2.43 to $2.53. Turning to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $4.1 billion in liquidity. Our balance sheet is in a very strong position to support our growth ambitions while expanding capital allocation. At year-end 2024, our balance sheet was unsecured and leverage was at low 3x consistent with our goal of investment grade credit metrics. With a strong expected cash flow generation and increase in EBITDA, we expect to finish 2025 with leverage at mid to high two turns. We will continue to manage maturities and find opportunities to reduce cost of capital. In closing, we remain committed and focused on our mission to deliver the best vacation experiences responsibly as we work to deliver another year of solid results. With that, I will ask our operator to open the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the strong 2024 results. The first question is about yields and your guidance. Just looking at the 3.5% mid-point of the yield guide and I guess Naf, you kind of want us to think about 40 basis points of tough comps from the fourth quarter upside, but just sort of level setting that versus the high-single-digit per diem's that you reported in 2024, kind of help us think about, we're trying to bridge that gap. And just maybe if you could help us think about the puts and takes this year versus last year, what you had last year, the tailwind on the new hardware side, what you have this year and how it sort of compares?
Jason Liberty: Okay. Well, Brandt, thank you. Thanks for the question and we hope all is well. I think to the first point, the strong demand we saw in the fourth quarter did kind of elevate the base comparable for us. And so we would be guiding north of or four or maybe slightly north. But we saw that rise happen in that close in demand, which is really great. We're also coming off of some very incredible comps, right? So 2023 we had a 13.5% yield improvement. Last year, we had 11.6% improvement. So it is a little bit more of a difficult comp. And of course, we also recovered our load factors a long time ago. And so that, that potential lift up from the load factors is not something that's an opportunity for us. But it is early in WAVE and we've seen obviously incredible booking activity during WAVE. Last week was our highest booking week ever for WAVE. And so we are very encouraged in what we're seeing. And I think the other thing that we're very encouraged on is that we're not only seeing improvement on new hardware, but also on like-for-like. And of course we have some very incredible comps on Icon when we launched her as well as Utopia as well. So our guide of the 2.5% to 4.5% is based off of where we're booked today and the trends that we're seeing as always. And I think we feel confident in the yield guide and we're also very encouraged to be able to give a mid-point on our guidance of $14.50 considering all the headwind from FX and fuel that, that, that arose since the last call.
Brandt Montour: Great. Thanks for that, Jason. And I should also say congratulations on the exciting announcement on entering the river market. My second question is about the river market. Obviously you guys have done a lot of research on the existing market and where you think your place can be in that market. And so we all know there's a prominent competitor out there that qualifies as themselves as luxury. The per diems that they charge are luxury rates. Your Celebrity brand in ocean charges rates significantly below that commensurate with the broader premium ocean market. So I guess, the question is, do you foresee the Celebrity brand sort of sliding in the river market below that luxury per diem, general area? Because it sounds like again, you use the word elevate, use the word cutting edge. It doesn't sound like you expect the product to sort of be second rate. So maybe you could provide a little more color around that.
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, first, obviously, there's great competitors in that river space like the one you don't want to say, but I'll say Viking. I mean, Tor does an exceptional job in that space. It's also a very fragmented market as well. And also I think it's important when you're comparing what Celebrity gets today versus what you might see what Viking gets today as an example, it's important to note that on the Celebrity side, it's not an all-inclusive product. So as you start adding in some of the inclusivity that comes with river, we expect those APDs to also elevate. The other thing when I talk about the elevating of the brand, at least in our point of view is there's a real incredible -- there's an incredible opportunity to take this beautiful small ships and through design, improving in culinary and entertainment staterooms, et cetera, and really bring it up to the level of what you see on Edge, which to us is far superior to anything else that's in that space that we're going to draw really high quality demand. At the end of the day for us, we have well over 8 million guests a year. We have a database of 35 million people who are continually vacationing with us. And so it's a great opportunity for us to use that flywheel to generate high quality demand. And of course, with our loyalty program being able to make sure that people are being incentivized to stay within our ecosystem. And that's really what this is about is we're trying to meet our customers where they want to be on an experience standpoint. There is high trust in our brands that we're going to deliver the vacation experience that lives up to the marketing that's out there. And I think that's why we think this is a great space for us to go into. And as I've said before in the past, we really focus on ourselves as being an experienced company. We're here to deliver those experiences. And we think the cruising platform is obviously where we really excel and we think that there is great opportunity for us to do this as well in the riverside.
Brandt Montour: Excellent. Congrats again on the quarter.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Brandt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Citi. Please go ahead.
James Hardiman: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I actually want to stay on that same page with the River Cruise announcement. Just trying to get a feel for the offering and how it's going to be similar versus different to the Viking offering. But I guess, first, let's just start so 10 ships, you're going to start in 2027. I'm assuming all 10 ships won't be up and running by 2027. What's the shape of that ramp? And then, as I just think about sort of what the offering is going to look like? Are kids going to be allowed on the ships? Is it primarily U.S. customers going to Europe? I'm assuming that there's going to be a big nightlife component, given that sort of Celebrity's brand just trying to put some meat on these bugs.
Jason Liberty: Okay. Okay. Well, also -- there's also going to be a lot to come, which I think is going to be great. On the riverside, our plan is to deliver a couple of ships in 2027, and then it's about four a year. I'd also point out, because we are very intentful in our words. The word put in front of it was initial order was 10 ships. And so this is not a hobby for us. So we are going into this space. So I just wanted to point that out. And of course, 2027, when these ships come in is going to be an incredibly exciting year, anyways for the company because we're going to have Icon 4, we're going to have a couple of river ships, we're going to have Perfect Day Mexico launching in 2027. We're going to have the Beach Club in Cozumel will have a full year because that's going to launch in 2026. And so there's a lot of great things that we're looking forward to in 2027. One of the things that I would say, I think it's one of the things that differentiates us is that we -- for decades we have built out a set of brands that are globally sourced and we source those guests from all over the world. And our yield management tools, which get more and more sophisticated each and every day, allow us to source the highest yielding guests in the world. And so that so our sourcing can range from, obviously today we're about 80% coming from the U.S. but we have times when we're 60% coming from the U.S. and so we have inflow based off of those markets. And so we would expect our sourcing would generally be similar to what we're seeing on the ocean side of things. And so -- but I think it's important to remember these ships are not Icon of the Seas side, right? They hold about 180 passengers. And so our ability to sell and market and attract high quality demand from our Royal brand, our Celebrity brand, as well as our Silver Sea brand is going to be an incredible tidal wave for us to be able to manage demand for this product. On the experience side, it will be similar to what you see on Celebrity. And so there are -- from time to time, there are kids that, that can be on Celebrity. But we think that there's a real opportunity to, as I said, elevate the aesthetics and the details and design of the ship, have more activities, whether that is on the culinary side or whether that is on the beverage side of things, whether that is with entertainment, whether that's with the staterooms and how you can connect further from the ship to shore. And so you're able to kind of get an end-to-end intense experience with land as well as what can happen on the ship. So we're really excited about it. We'll be talking more and more about it, about the design like we always do, we like to tease and then build up on what it's going to be. And I could tell you in the four hours since we've announced this, just watching the number of the amount of interest from our travel partners, from our guests to get on one of our riverboats as soon as possible is exceptional. And that comes down to, I think, which is what's most important is trust and our guests do trust us that we're going to deliver on this.
James Hardiman: That's great color and love the tease. I guess, secondly, just on the CapEx front, I think you guided 2025 to $5 billion pretty big step up. I'm assuming we'll need to wait on the free cash flow front until the Analyst Day to get a more sort of unified outlook. But maybe is there any way to think about sort of CapEx requirements moving forward? I think we're looking at $3.4 billion new build, $1.6 billion non-new build. How should we model those going forward? I'm assuming that the new build piece goes up with capacity, but then non-new build, there's a lot of non-new build opportunities for you guys for sure. So how do we think about that $5 billion number and how it moves into 2026/2027?
Naftali Holtz: Hi, it's Naf. So I think if you kind of think about what we have this year and kind of what we laid out in terms of our priorities, so you think about the ships that we have to deliver this year, both Star of the Seas and Celebrity Xcel, compared to what we had last year. And remember, Icon last year did not actually deliver in 2024, it actually delivered in 2023. So that capital was counted in 2023. So you have the ship layout in terms of our deliveries, what we're expecting, and you should expect that to follow that. And I remind you that we do have committed financing for those when we order the ships. And so the $5 billion that I noted and it's in the release obviously is on a gross basis and we have the committed financing related to the deliveries as well as installment payment. In terms of non-ship capital, we have maintenance capital and kind of the things that we do that should not change materially year-over-year. But we did lay out our priorities in terms of private destinations and as we ramp up our private destination effort and you see what we've announced, those are following kind of that cadence. And this year, we have particularly Costa Maya where we announced last year the acquisition of the port. That acquisition actually will close between end of first quarter to second quarter. And then we obviously acquiring land and then we'll start the construction at some point. And then this year, we also expected to deliver the Beach Club in Nassau at the end of the year, so obviously, development capital there as well. So majority of that capital is going to be there. We're also restarting our modernization program. So we have one ship this year and then we'll share more details going forward around our program, but we do see an opportunity around that. All of that said, if you think about the size of the company and where we are, we delivered $6 billion of EBITDA last year. You kind of look at our guidance this year, we're going to deliver 13% more of EBITDA. And we made a significant progress around our balance sheet, reducing our interest expense; you see it below $1 billion. You put that into account, you see that we're generating significant amount of cash flow. And our focus is to continue to expand margin as we grow the business that will accelerate cash flow and allow us to invest in our key priorities, maintain an investment grade balance sheet metric and also do capital returns. And so the size of the company and the generation of the cash flow really we feel is allowing us to achieve all those things.
James Hardiman: Makes a lot of sense. Thanks, Naf. Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steve Wieczynski: Hey, guys. Good morning. So going back to the guidance for this year, I'm not going to sit here and harp on the fact that the yield guidance does look a little bit conservative to us. But if we think about the EPS guide, let's go over there, that's actually much better than I think we were expecting given the FX and the fuel headwinds. So just wondering if you guys embedded anything in there in terms of buybacks or debt refis or that excludes those potential accretions? And I guess, saying that another way is, Jason, you talked about 14 handle comment, and probably to us that could have easily been a 15 handle without these headwinds right now. Is that kind of a fair statement?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Obviously, if you add the $0.65 to the $14.50 that would get you north of $15, I think what may have been a surprise was where our cost guide came out for the year. Our teams have worked exceptionally hard at continuing to leverage scale within our business. And so similar to the past, we do not contemplate capital returns in that guide. So if we were to repurchase shares in which we our strategy has been to do that opportunistically, that would obviously be a tailwind on the earnings per share side.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. Yes, go ahead.
Naftali Holtz: And then I just want -- we always say that, right, our formula is moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth, strong cost control and you can see that those deliver significant performance. And so whatever is in the normal debt pay downs that's already in, our capital investments are already in and then any the dividends of course that we've announced that's already in, but any other things are not included.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then, Jason, going back to river real quickly, I mean obviously river is a much different animal versus ocean and one of those key differences is the fact that the operators in river need berthing rights to get access to certain ports. So just wondering if Celebrity has already secured those berthing rights or is in the process of getting some of those berthing rights? And then maybe is there an opportunity down the road to enter river as well with Silversea to kind of capture a little bit more of that higher end customer?
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, I think first, Steve, just to use your metaphor of an animal, it is a different animal, but it's still an animal. And so we -- I think we're -- we've grown to get comfort with the space, understanding how it works, different people to partner with in this space. Of course, we didn't just make this announcement without having the orders in place. We did not make this announcement without having the berthing in place. And I also think that sometimes we always think about certain rivers inside of Europe, but there are also rivers around the world. And we're trying to make sure that we are being able to provide the experiences that our guests are looking for. As we build up this kind of engine for river under Celebrity, it will certainly provide opportunity for our ultra-luxury guests to consider a river experience under Silversea. We're going to start off with Celebrity. We're going to see that's where we think that there is great scale opportunity. And then of course, we'll be looking to see if there's other ways to expand it for our other brands as it sees fit. But we have gone into this very prepared, very buttoned up. And again, as I said a few minutes ago, this is not a hobby for us. So we do plan to we are taking this extremely seriously and it's -- we want to make sure we can live up to delivering the best vacation experiences in the world and making sure we're doing that in a responsible way and that's all heavily in the consideration of what we're doing.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Matthew Boss: Thanks and congrats on another great quarter.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Matt.
Matthew Boss: So Jason, maybe two part question. On the strong start to 2025, any specific areas that you're seeing notable acceleration globally? And how are you optimizing the pricing relative to capacity? And then, maybe just higher level, I guess what inning overall would you say we're in today on your market share opportunity in the $2 trillion global vacation market?
Jason Liberty: Okay, sure. Well, thanks, Matt. I think on the 2025 side, again, one of the -- I think the interesting trends we've now seen going into kind of three-year -- our third year here of coming out of the incident is that we see really strong demand across all of our products. And obviously having incredible assets like Perfect Day and ships like Utopia and Icon, the Caribbean are just drawing a different level of quality demand from all different generations and all different mixes of first time cruisers, first to brand as well as our loyalists. And so really strong demand in the Caribbean, continued elevation in Alaska and really across all European products, as well as in Southeast Asia and Australia, New Zealand and even in China. So we're seeing an elevation or high demand across all those different products. And then in terms of markets, we're again; everyone's fighting over the highest -- where could the highest yielding guests come from? By fighting, I mean, our guests are fighting for based on our ships. We're seeing really good demand trends from Europe, as well as obviously the U. S. is exceptionally strong and North America is exceptionally strong. So there's not -- there's no area of kind of weakness. There's always a deployment here or there that we would maybe switch up, but that's heavy, heavy on the margin. Overall, we're seeing really strong demand across that. And then of course, all the different technology that we're now utilizing is just getting stronger and stronger on what I would describe as disruptive tech, whether that is using AI or GenAI and other things to enhance the guest experience or to just get a better read on what we can be recommending to our guests, whether it's on pricing or whether it's on the guest experience. That's in the really kind of early innings of all of this. And I think that's why I think we continue to see just kind of outperformance in these different trends. It's tough to tell what inning we're in, but I would say that we are generally in the early innings of the opportunity that's in front of us.
Matthew Boss: It's great to hear. Congrats again.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Thank you very much. I wanted to circle back to your River Cruise launch. Can we get a sense of you've mentioned obviously your ambitions are much more than these initial 10 river ships in terms of how quickly you could order more. Is it fair to say given the length of time and lead time is not as long as you would need for an ocean ship, you can actually wait till you launch in 2027, to see what's working, what's not working before you order ships for sort of 2030 and beyond. Is that kind of what we should think about as the timeframe for additional orders? And then, second part of the question, can you give us just a rough sense of how the build per berth cost compares to maybe some of the ocean ships you've had delivered in the last year? Is it pretty comparable or less or more than that? And then squeeze in like a part three of it is just similarly on the yield, you mentioned obviously it's going to be more inclusive product, but if we think about your yield, which of course includes onboard. And I assume a premium to your existing yield given that the majority of your fleet right now is the Royal brand and this will be Celebrity and maybe even Celebrity Plus pricing and all of that, kind of a sense of what premium to your existing yield? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Sure. Good morning, Robin. So on the timeframe side, what I would say is, no, you're not going to wait till 2027 to order more. This is our initial order. These each yard probably can produce about four of these a year. We're not going to get into when a cost per ship, obviously the cost per berth is going to be elevated. However, these are I mean relative to a cruise ship; they are a very small amount of money. And so our ability to scale into this, we could probably be the second largest operator and it would be significantly less money than the Xcel 2 ship that we just bought. So it's not something that has a high barrier of entry on a cost. But there is a high barrier in terms of the execution and making sure we can do this in a flawless way. As it relates to on the yield side, we would expect that this would be a yield tailwind to our business. We do expect that it's going to have at scale a similar, if not better margin profile and better ROIC profile. And then lastly, I would say it's only that will be a little bit different is usually the river boats do not operate year round. So there will be parts of the year where the ships are laid up. That's under the kind of the current model. So we'll see just as we found a way to lift the shoulder seasons back in the day, we will obviously be studying that to see how we can make them as productive as we can during the off season when it's cold.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you very much.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Conor Cunningham with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. Thank you. I'm just trying to understand the cost guide a little bit better. Obviously, a lot better for the full year, but can you just give a little a bit of the shape of how the year progresses? Does it just follow capacity? And then what is not in it? You had a big headwind from stock-based comp. Like I assume that's not in it this year. Just any thoughts around that? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Hi, Conor. So yes, you're right. The cadence of the year really follows mainly the dry dock cadence, right? And I spent some time in my prepared remarks walking through the capacity growth quarter-over-quarter because that does impact the cost cadence as well. Then remember, we also buy in Costa Maya; it's going to be an operating port this year. It's going to close, as I said, towards the end of the first quarter, second quarter. And so we don't have that cost because we do need to operate. It doesn't have APCDs. And then as we ramp up some of our private destinations, mainly the Paradise Island in Nassau, obviously there are some costs kind of towards the end of the year. And so those are mainly the real impact of the cost cadence throughout the year. And obviously, we will give guidance as kind of the year progresses for the next quarter. But as I said, the second and third quarter are going to be higher and then the fourth quarter is going to be benefiting from significant capacity growth.
Conor Cunningham: Helpful. And then sorry to talk about river again. Maybe it's just a higher level question. I think that Viking -- Viking obviously it goes after the-- an older demographic. I think Celebrity is younger. So if you could just talk about the demographic that you're looking at, because it just seems like when you talk about fragmented, it seems like there's an opportunity with a younger cohort rather than an older one. Just sorry to break the labor of the point, but just any thoughts there. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I'm not sure if I would have expected so many questions on something that is just beginning and it will always be a small part of our broader business, but it's a big part of expand making sure that we match our customers where they want on a vacation experience standpoint. The average age of a Celebrity guest is in their early to mid-50s, but obviously they have older clientele, they have younger clientele. I think the first off, I think the key thing is, again going back to the $2 trillion market space, whether it's cruise or whether it's cruise in the river, I mean, we're a fraction of a fraction of that overall market, which to me is just incredible opportunity for us all to grab more and more share of all of this. And I think the other part is that, I think we feel very confident that this isn't about chasing Viking customers or another customer. This is about leveraging this incredible sort of business that we have, this incredible flywheel, this incredible leading brands in each one of their segments and making sure that we keep them inside of our ecosystem. And so we don't think there's like a demand challenge here. And I'm sure there'll be some demographic changes. But I think the real big difference here is more of where they're being sourced from and they're being sourced from a highly productive accelerating flywheel that, that we built and of course, we're adding more and more things like enterprise loyalty on the reciprocity and so forth. So it really incentivizes our guests and recognizes our guests to stay inside of our ecosystem. And that at the end of the day is what we're really trying to achieve and that results in better lifetime value of the customer. We get more reps out of it and we get guests that are happy and supportive because they trust us.
Conor Cunningham: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Chaiken with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Ben Chaiken: Hey, good morning. On the private destination, Nassau is opening in December. How do you think about pricing access to that opportunity? I asked because the Beach Club comes with a lot of benefits, beach, food, drink that are all inclusive, if I'm not mistaken, which is different than Perfect Day? And then kind of related to that, is there any way to think about the -- or quantify the volume of passengers annually that touch Nassau today? And then I have one quick follow-up. Thanks.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Ben. Thank you for asking that question. I was kind of feeling lonely on this call. So it's Michael. Yes, we have a pricing strategy laid out. We'll be launching the product into the market opening for sale in April. So we'll be able to talk about our pricing in about two months' time. It's an all-inclusive package. We have quite a lot of volume going into Nassau in total just for the Royal brand. It way exceeds the capacity of the Beach Club. Our expectation is in the first full year of the operation of the Beach Club, we'll have approximately 1 million guests going into the Beach Club for the experience. And we'll talk about the pricing later on, but I can't really comment on it with any detail during this call.
Ben Chaiken: Understood. And then obviously recognizing it opens late in the year, do the -- and I think Naf kind of alluded to this, but does the 2025 Net Cruise Cost include anything for Nassau that's worth highlighting? And then also on a Net Cruise Cost basis, how is this similar maybe just talking anecdotally, how is this similar or different from CocoCay? On the surface, obviously, it's smaller, so presumably less headcount, but just any reason this would be more or less efficient than Coco on the cost side? Thanks.
Naftali Holtz: I mean, the big difference really will be volume. I think this year on for 2025, CocoCay will be hosting 3.5 million gas. So we get all of those scale economies that come with the operation. For Nassau, the volume will be around $1 million and $1.5 million when it's fully operational. So obviously, there's less scale opportunities, but it's still a very efficient operation. So its margins will be pretty attractive. It's going to be a very profitable business. It's also I mean, one of the major elements of the Beach Club, of course is its proximity to our ships. And it's a product offering that we think is really needed in Nassau. So it's going to be a great guest experience. It's also incredibly complementary with CocoCay because we'll have a lot of short product that goes to Perfect Day on one day and the next day it'll be in the Beach Club. So it's like the greatest weekend in the history of cruising.
Ben Chaiken: Sounds exciting. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Just to add that, in terms of operation, it's still a very accretive investment, shouldn't expect this to be material difference. And then as we go through the cost towards the end of the year, obviously, as the brand is ready to open up the private destination, there's some opening and kind of ramp up costs there. They're going to touch towards the end of the year. And obviously, we'll be fully in the base in 2025 -- in 2026, sorry.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Vince Ciepiel: Thanks so much. I wanted to circle back on loyalty. Maybe you could comment on relating to share wallet, repeat booking behavior, crossover between brands? I know that I think it was maybe in the second quarter of this year, there was some changes with the program to be more inclusive across brands. Just kind of curious if there's anything quantifiable in the response that you've seen in the last roughly year now?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, I think we want to be generally muted in terms of how successful it is. But I will tell you it has been grossly successful in terms of the reciprocity program. One for our guests to recognize and then you believe it or not, there are not as many as you would think they recognize that Royal Celebrity and Silversea were in the same house. And so I think just building that broader awareness and of course, we have guests that when they're on Royal or traveling with their kids and grandkids and when they're not, they might be looking to travel on Celebrity or Silversea or maybe it's their kids and their adult and maybe older children are on Celebrity and they're not, and but when they're not with their children, they want to go on Silversea or whatever it might be. So bringing that awareness is one thing. Now that there's reciprocity, then it makes it a lot stickier for them to stay inside of our ecosystem because of all the benefits that they get coming with that. So I would -- I mean, I think we have been incredibly surprised at how quickly our guests have taken to that program. And I think it's one of many reasons why our flywheel continues to get faster and faster and we're getting significantly more repeat guests than we had planned for.
Vince Ciepiel: Thanks. And then thinking about kind of your expansion to Perfect Day Mexico, I think Western Caribbean is maybe 30%, 35% of the story in the Caribbean today. Just comment on where you think that could go over time as Perfect Mexico ramps? And then I thought it was really helpful commenting on, I think it was 3.5 million guests, Coco, 1.5 million eventually with the Beach Club in Nassau. Like the number of passengers you think Perfect Day Mexico could eventually support?
Michael Bayley: Hi, it's Michael again. I mean, obviously, we're thinking big. And we've got some big ships coming. We've got Icon-class coming online pretty much one every year. Now we've got Galveston and Texas and the opportunity regionally from Texas. We think that the ultimately the volume that we will take to Perfect Day Mexico will far exceed what we're taking into CocoCay.
Vince Ciepiel: Thanks.
Operator: And I'll turn the conference back over to Naftali Holtz, CFO for any closing remarks.
Naftali Holtz: We thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Blake will be available for any follow-ups. We wish you all a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Group Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Blake Vanier, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vanier, the floor is yours.
Blake Vanier: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International. Before we get started, I'd like to note that we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our investor website and in our earnings release. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency-adjusted basis. Jason will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow with a recap of our third quarter, the current booking environment and our updated outlook for 2024. We will then open the call for your questions. With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Blake, and good morning, everyone. I'm thrilled to discuss our exceptional third quarter results, updated outlook, and all the exciting things happening at the Royal Caribbean Group. This has been an incredible year for us, and the third quarter was no exception with momentum continuing to build. As you saw in the press release, we increased our full-year yield and earnings guidance driven by better-than-expected results for the third quarter, and an improved outlook for the fourth quarter. Our full-year yield is now expected to be up by more than 11% and earnings by more than 70%. In addition, we are on track to deliver more than $3.3 billion of cash flow this year and have reached a key financial milestone by returning to a fully unsecured capital structure that will support our growth ambitions and expanding capital allocation. During the quarter, we also announced two exciting expansions of our private destinations portfolio with the incredible Perfect Day Mexico opening in 2027 and Silversea's new hotel in Puerto Williams, Chile opening in the winter for the 2025-2026 Antarctica season. I want to thank the entire Royal Caribbean Group team for their passion, dedication, and commitment that enables us to deliver the best vacation experiences responsibly and to drive exceptional financial results. These strong financial results and the achievement of our Trifecta financial goals 18 months ahead of schedule are truly just the beginning for us. With our industry-leading global brands, the most innovative fleet and private destinations and the best people, we remain focused on winning a greater share of the $1.9 trillion vacation market. Our plan to capitalize on this opportunity is grounded in our proven formula for success, moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth, and strong cost control. We are thrilled to share more details during an upcoming Investor Day in the first quarter of next year. Before I get into the details of our performance this quarter, I want to acknowledge the storms that impacted our local communities. We are incredibly thankful that our South Florida employees were largely unaffected, but true to the Royal Caribbean Group's spirit, we mobilized relief efforts for those in need. Our thoughts continue to be with those who have been affected. Now moving on to discuss our results and outlook. Third quarter results exceeded our expectations due to strong close in demand at higher prices on all of our key itineraries, coupled with continued strength in onboard revenue. As a result, net yields are up 7.9% year-over-year, which was a 110 basis points above our guidance. Better revenue, lower cost due to timing and multiple balance sheet actions resulted in adjusted earnings per share that was higher than our guidance. Naftali will elaborate more about third quarter details and results in a few minutes. We are increasing full-year yield growth expectations to 10.8% to 11.3%. As strong demand for our experiences across itineraries is translating into higher load factors, stronger pricing and continued growth and onboard revenue. Trends remain strong for the balance of the year, and despite the impact of Hurricane Milton, we now expect net yield growth of 5.1% to 5.6% for the fourth quarter on top of an increase of close to 18% last year. We also expect strong margin and earnings growth with adjusted earnings per share expected at $11.57 to $11.62 and EBITDA margins, that is more than 300 basis points higher than last year. We are very pleased with how demand is shaping up for 2025 with bookings outpacing 2024 levels during the third quarter and into October. Our book load factors are in line with prior years at nicely higher rates, allowing us to further optimize pricing and yield growth as we build the book of business for 2025. Our nimble sourcing model and AI-enabled yield management tools, coupled with our brand's global and multi-generational appeal, allow us to successfully capture quality demand across segments sourced from new and younger consumer bases and attract the highest yielding guests. The last two years saw unprecedented yield growth and although that created a high bar for comparables, our proven formula for success, a moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth, and strong cost control while continue to drive topline growth, margin expansion, and substantial cash flow, while still very early in the planning process, we anticipate earnings in 2025 to start with a $14 handle. We continue to see a very positive sentiment from our customer in a macro environment that favors growing demand for experiences and vacations. American households are wealthier than ever with continued wage growth and low unemployment driving strong consumer spending. Spend on leisure has grown a lot faster than most other spend categories over the past 12 months with spend on travel increasing at a faster pace than other leisure categories. Our research suggests that this trend will continue over the next 12 months with leisure travel spending growing by more than any other leisure category, millennials, families, and active cruisers are all over indexing on both leisure travel and specifically cruise travel. Cruise remains an attractive value proposition and cruise purchase intent remains high. Furthermore, the majority of consumers are now actively planning their next vacation, but haven't booked it yet. Further supporting demand for cruise, with our exceptional and leading portfolio brands, innovative and differentiated ships, exciting and exclusive destination experiences, and leading commercial and AI-driven capabilities, we are excited to welcome those customers onboard our ships and deliver the best vacation experiences responsibly. Our addressable market is growing and we are attracting more new customers into our vacation ecosystem, particularly younger demographics. In fact, the majority of our guests this year are either new to crews or new to brand, while at the same time our loyalty guests are up 20% compared to last year. Once booked, guests are quickly engaged with us and buying onboard experiences at higher APDs, translating into higher satisfaction rates and higher onboard spend. Notably more than 70% purchase onboard activities before they sail, and they spend more than double compared to those who only make purchases onboard. Half of our onboard revenue in the third quarter was purchased through our AI-driven pre-cruise channels. We deliver vacation experiences that meet the demands of evolving consumer profiles and preferences. A key differentiator for us has always been our hardware where we are constantly innovating. This quarter, we launched Utopia of the Seas, a ship that has quickly become a game changer for our short Caribbean product, which serves as an important entry point for new-to-cruise and new-to-brand. It also skews towards millennials and younger guests. The demand for Utopia has been incredible and has well exceeded our expectations for both ticket prices and onboard revenue. Following the incredible market response to Icon of the Seas and the anticipation of Star of the Seas, we announced our agreement to build a fourth Icon-class ship, which will join the Royal Caribbean fleet in 2027. Since its debut, Icon has revolutionized vacation experiences and continue to exceed our expectations in both guest satisfaction and financial performance. We also continue to build on our exciting collection of private destination experiences. Earlier this month, we announced two incredible land-based initiatives that will be truly game changing for our guests. We are incredibly excited for our recent announcement of Perfect Day Mexico, which will combine the adrenaline pumping thrills and ways to chill that Royal Caribbean is known for, with the vibrancy and beauty of Mexico. Perfect Day Mexico is strategically located to deliver exceptional vacation experiences in both the Eastern and Western Caribbean, and supports our ambition that every guest on the Royal Caribbean brand will have a Perfect Day on their Caribbean itinerary. It also allows us to further grow the large and growing Gulf Coast area, including the Texas market, which is larger than Florida, and has a similar cruise consideration, but only half the penetration. Upon its completion in 2027, Perfect Day Mexico will join our incredible collection of private destinations that include Perfect Day at CocoCay and Labadee, Royal Beach Club Paradise Island, opening in 2025 and Royal Beach Club in Cozumel opening in 2026. Silversea is developing the world's Southernmost hotel in Puerto Williams, Chile that upon completion in late 2025, will create a unique seamless journey for guests embarking on Silversea's innovative Antarctica Fly Cruise program, the most direct route to the white continent, allowing guests to enjoy Silversea's personalized service and warm hospitality throughout their voyage. We remain committed to our See the Future vision, sustaining the planet, energizing communities, and accelerating innovation. Last quarter, we achieved our Trifecta financial goals, and we now expect to also achieve a double-digit reduction in carbon intensity compared to 2019, one-year ahead of our original expectation. This further solidifies our commitment and focus on advancing the sustainability of our business. As part of our journey to accelerate innovation to decarbonize our business, we continue to diversify our fuel sources. Our newest ship, Utopia of the Seas completed her inaugural transatlantic crossing using bio-LNG in July. Icon will start utilizing shorepower at Port of Miami next week, and Celebrity Xcel will be our first methanol capable ship, which are all important milestones in our energy transition. We have so much to be proud of, and this is just the beginning. With our industry-leading brands that excel in each of their respective segments, the most innovative fleet and destinations and the best people who are focused on delivering a lifetime of vacations for our guests, we focus on winning share from the large and attractive travel industry while delivering long-term shareholder value. And with that, I will turn the call over to Naftali. Naf?
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I will start with third quarter results. Our team delivered another exceptional performance that exceeded our expectations, resulting in adjusted earnings per share of $5.20. The $0.25 per share outperformance compared to the mid-point of our guidance is driven by better revenue across our brands and key itineraries benefits from multiple balance sheet actions we have taken during the quarter as well as approximately $0.10 per share favorable timing of expenses. We finished the third quarter with a net yield growth of 7.9%, which was driven mostly by stronger APDs. The strong yield growth was driven by both new ships and like-for-like hardware and across all key itineraries, especially Alaska and Europe. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, increased 4% in constant currency. The favorable cost performance compared to our guidance is driven by favorable timing of expenses that more than offset the negative impact of stock compensation, given the appreciation of our share price during the third quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $2.1 billion, 24% year-over-year growth, and adjusted EBITDA margin was 44%, 240 basis points higher than last year. Now let me talk about our increased guidance expectations for 2024. We are set to have another exceptional year of yield growth, with net yield expected to be up 10.8% to 11.3%. The increase in our yield guidance is driven by the stronger-than-expected performance in the third quarter and better outlook in the fourth quarter, which also includes the impact from Hurricane Milton. Now moving to costs. Full-year net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up 6.2% to 6.7%. Our cost metric is up 40 basis points compared to our prior guidance, and is driven entirely by higher non-cash stock-based compensation given the increase in the stock price since the last earnings call. We anticipate fuel expense of $1.16 billion for the year and we are 61% hedged at below market rates. We are raising adjusted earnings per share guidance to $11.57 to $11.62. I want to provide a little more color on the progress of our earnings guidance. We are increasing our guidance by $0.20 for the year, which includes $0.14 negative impact from Hurricane Milton and higher stock-based expense. When excluding that impact, the $0.34 better-than-expected business performance is more than half driven by fourth quarter outlook, and the remainder related to better third quarter results. Now I will discuss our fourth quarter guidance. Many of the ships have now transitioned from their summer to their winter itineraries. In the fourth quarter, about 63% of our capacity will be in the Caribbean, 9% in Europe and about 13% in the Asia Pacific region. The remaining capacity is spread across several other itineraries, including repositionings, West Coast and Expedition Cruises. We plan to operate 12.8 million APCDs during the fourth quarter. Net yields are expected to be up 5.1% to 5.6% for the fourth quarter, which includes approximately 40 basis points impact from Hurricane Milton. As our yield growth normalizes, we remain focused on executing on our proven formula of modern capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost control to deliver strong earnings power and cash flow. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up 11.6% to 12.1%. The year-over-year increase in costs in the fourth quarter is predominantly driven by elevated drydock days, higher non-cash stock compensation and shifting of costs from the third quarter. Without those, our costs would have been in the low single digits. Taking all this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the quarter to be $1.40 to $1.45. The quarter includes $0.14 impact from Hurricane Milton and higher stock-based comp, in addition to approximately $0.10 of cost shifting from the third quarter. Now I will share insights for 2025, which while still very early, is shaping up to be another exciting year. 2025 capacity is expected to be up 5% as we introduce Star of the Seas in the third quarter and Celebrity Xcel in the fourth quarter as well as benefit from a full-year of Utopia and Silver Ray. Capacity is most pronounced in the second and fourth quarters due to timing of new ship deliveries and dry docks. We are growing Caribbean capacity about 5% in 2025, and it will represent about 57% of our deployment. We expect the opening of Royal Beach Club Paradise Island in Nassau at the end of 2025, which will benefit our 2026 Caribbean itineraries. European itineraries will account for 15% of our capacity, Alaska will account for about 6% and Asia Pacific will account for 11%. As Jason mentioned, our booked load factors are in line with previous years and at higher APDs. Our book position is exactly where we want it to be to further optimize our yield profile and deliver on our formula for success, moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost discipline. This positions us to continue delivering margin expansion and strong cash flow. Now moving to costs. Our focus remains to manage costs as we seek to grow our margins. In 2025, we expect to have lower dry dock days compared to this year, but still higher than 2023, partially due to longer dry dock days for several planned modernization projects of our existing ships. Overall, we expect disciplined cost growth consistent with our proven formula, and we will provide more details during our fourth quarter earnings call. Taking all of this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share to start with a $14 handle. Turning to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $3.9 billion in liquidity. Over the last two years, we have made significant progress in strengthening the balance sheet. And this quarter, we reached a key financial milestone by returning to a fully unsecured capital structure. During the quarter, we refinanced $3.5 billion of debt, lowering rates by 300 basis points. Our leverage was below 3.5x as of the third quarter on a trailing 12-month basis and when excluding the impact of new ships that were delivered mid-year. Also this quarter, we opportunistically exchanged $827 million of our outstanding convertible bonds for cash and shares. This transaction allowed us to address a 2025 debt maturity, while also effectively buying back 5.1 million shares at an attractive weighted average price of $154 per share. Our strong balance sheet position allows us to further support our growth ambitions and expand capital allocation while delivering strong cash flow and maintaining investment-grade balance sheet metrics. In closing, we remain committed and focused on executing our strategy and delivering on our mission. With that, I will ask our operator to open the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Good morning, everybody and congrats on another really solid quarter. The first question is about pricing and kind of thinking about the exit rate that you're seeing in the fourth quarter. And I want to take a sort of a broader look and think about if you can kind of talk about like-for-like pricing cumulatively versus 2019 and just sort of level set where you think you're at? And if you're still trailing sort of cumulative U.S. inflation, does inflation coming down next year act as some sort of governor a little bit how strong yields can be? Or how do you think about that?
Jason Liberty: Sure. First, good morning, Brandt, [indiscernible] as well. I think, first, just kind of starting off is when you compare to 2019 levels, whether it's the – fourth quarter is up about 25%. The year is up about 26% versus 2019 levels. And so I think when we look at that, there's a lot of things that's inside of that, which is not only just like-for-like growth. It's not just the new capacity. It's also great assets like Perfect Day, fully normalizing within our business. And while there has been a lot of growth on the pricing standpoint, a little bit of growth on the occupancy standpoint, the trends show that we continue to be able to elevate demand, elevate pricing each day. And so what you see in the overall trends, is that we continue to see strong volumes, the customer's willingness to pay more. I don't think this is an inflation-related type of driver. I think the driver is, is that cruise or propensity of cruise is at a significantly high level. I think that the cruise experience is now considered to be a very mainstream vacation product. And there's still a significant value proposition versus land-based vacation. So I think the combination of really understanding what our guests are looking for and leveling up our business with our brands, meeting those expectations, the ships meeting those expectations, the destinations meeting those expectations. And having the tools and technology that really allow us to harvest quality demand, I think, is all leading to why we keep seeing outperformance on the yield growth side. And we do not, in any way, see anything, any ingredients that say that we're hitting some type of ceiling. If anything, we see continued acceleration in demand for our business.
Brandt Montour: That's super helpful. Thanks for that Jason. And then just a follow-up, and you had a pretty exciting announcement here intra-quarter, and I know that Perfect Day Mexico, you'll probably talk a lot about that on the first quarter Investor Day. There were some conflicting reports out there at how much the capital investment that was going to take. I was wondering if you could maybe give us a little bit of insight into the sort of gross level of spend? And if you want to talk a little bit about sort of the return expectations that you'd expect for that project, that would be helpful. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Yes, sure. Well, I think just starting off on a cost standpoint, but we're still in the design and planning process for Perfect Day Mexico. Obviously, we have an incredible foundation of what our guests are looking for and their willingness to spend and experience with Perfect Day at CocoCay. We did acquire the port, which we'll – you'll see later in our filing today for $292 million. It's not just the port, but it's also all the land that is surrounding the port. And again, we're still in that design process. But what I would say is we're very mindful of having sizable significant returns associated with these private destinations. But more importantly, we're very focused on making sure that the guest experience is at an all-time high. Perfect Day CocoCay is our highest rated destination on a Net Promoter Score. So our ability to not only capture additional demand from other markets, but our ability to deliver a Perfect Day to basically every Royal Caribbean international guests in the Caribbean, I think just drives greater demand for that brand. And I think that's ultimately what we look for because we know that when we can deliver the best vacation in the world, our guests are willing to pay for that. And they're also willing obviously to help us deliver great financial returns on investments like these destinations.
Naftali Holtz: Brandt, just one quick thing to add. You'll see obviously in the 10-Q today, that acquisition, and we expect to close that in the first half of 2025. So that will be also included in our capital commentary in the next quarter.
Brandt Montour: Great. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steven Wieczynski: Hey, guys. Good morning and congrats on another very solid quarter. So Jason, if we think about your 2025 $14 handle earnings comment. And look, I know it's early on in your planning stages for next year, but just wondering how you guys are thinking about what are maybe some of the pillars that are going to get you to that $14-plus in earnings? I assume you're going to tell me the company line of moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost control. But is there anything else you can help us with as we think about next year based on your current book position? I mean Naf gave us some really good color on the cost side. But anything we should be thinking about from the yield side or how we should maybe be thinking about interest cost next year? And does that $14 a share plus include any buybacks or would be – or would buybacks be accretive to that number?
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, Steve, I think you said our company line really well, and it is something, obviously, that we're very religious about. To get to the, to – I would say, it's not $14, we're saying it's going to have a $14 handle on it, is you really just need moderate yield growth and you need us to continue to manage our costs effectively. And of course, we're going to benefit from interest costs. A lot of the great activity we've been able to do over the past couple of quarters to get our balance sheet back to pre-COVID, leverage levels as well as getting to an unsecured state. So I think that will help drive that. So on the share repurchase standpoint, obviously, we were able to take some action here last quarter in being able to recapture about 5.1 million shares that were dilutive to us. But I would say in that number, that does not contemplate us buying back shares, which, of course, when you look back in time, we've always had when we think about capital returns, a mix of having a competitive dividend and opportunistically buying back shares. So it's – but that is not something that is in the consideration set in that early guide of the $14 handle.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got it. Thanks for that. And then second question, going back to Perfect Day Mexico. Jason, can you help us think about maybe the potential yield uplift you guys might be able to achieve based on what you've learned from CocoCay? I guess I'm just trying to figure out, as we start to think about 2027, what that yield outlook could look like for your Western Caribbean itineraries? I mean, if we assume based on our math, CocoCay had at least a double-digit impact or yield impact on your Eastern Caribbean itineraries. I mean is there any reason to believe you guys won't see that same type of uplift for your Western Caribbean itineraries?
Jason Liberty: Well, I would say what you pointed to is directionally right. I mean I think we certainly see an uplift, not – there's a piece of it which is the uplift that we get from the onboard side or the on-island revenue that we get, but there's also a lot of things on the island we don't charge for. And so our guess whether you're paying for some of the more unique experience like Hideaway or the Beach Club or the slide that you would see on Perfect Day at CocoCay that will, of course, exist in Perfect Day Mexico. People going to those islands or go into Perfect Day at CocoCay pay additional money for access to all the things that we also provide on that island, not just things that you have to pay for. So I think what you kind of pointed to a double-digit yield opportunity is certainly there in the Western Caribbean. And I don't think we can think of something that would not generate more demand because, of course, we're going to take the learnings from CocoCay and we'll obviously apply things that work exceptionally well. And there's things that we can do better because that's kind of our continuous improvement mantra, we will certainly do so to drive really strong demand. I think it's also important to add, Steven, and with all of this, too, is we're going to have the world beach clubs, one in Nassau, we're going to have one in Cozumel as well in Vanuatu, which is in the South Pacific. So there are other things that we're doing that will also be value drivers for our shareholders and also improve our yield profile.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got it. Thanks, Jason. Appreciate it.
Jason Liberty: Sure, pleasure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Matthew Boss: Thanks, and congrats on another really nice quarter.
Jason Liberty: Thank you.
Matthew Boss: So Jason, could you elaborate on the continued elevated demand patterns that you cited, maybe just trends across regions through October that you're seeing? And then for 2025, Naftali, maybe just if you could elaborate on the booked position being exactly where you want to further optimize yield. What exactly that means? How it translates to continued margin expansion?
Jason Liberty: Yes. So I'll take the first one, of course, team can chime in. We have – I think each month that goes by, our expectations rise, and you're seeing that in the close-in demand. And even as we saw through the month of October, we saw that demand continue to rise. We're able to increase pricing as well as being able to successfully build our book position, whether it's for the quarter or whether it is into next year. So that's what our commentary around the elevation is that it continues to strengthen. And that is despite obviously having a couple of off days around the hurricanes, right? Because when we have hurricanes, there is – people are concentrated on, I think, more important things like making sure their homes are secured or they're focused on the news. And so there's always a little bit of softness that can come a couple of days in or around a storm. But we were able to assume when we look at the month, we were at an elevated position. We saw the same thing happen in September, an elevated position above and beyond what had already risen through the course of the year. And I think that helps us kind of build not only a strong quarter but also a strong period into next year. And I'll let Naf comment on the optimal book position.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So Matt, as you can imagine, every year, we go through this process where we build a book of business for the next year. We tried to maximize yield, right? That's the most important thing that we do, and we try to do, and we, in the last couple of years, have been focused on deploying AI tools and other technology to make sure that we are taking all the information and making the right decisions. And what it means is that we feel pretty good at where we sit. We built a good – start to build a good book of business, and we have good runway to continue to drive demand and pricing as we kind of cross the year into wave.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And Matt, if I could just add one point to it. Obviously, our yield management tools get smarter and better every day. And when we look back, whether we look back at the same time last year or even the year before, we would obviously look at that and say we had some regret. We left revenue on the table. The tools would have said, we should have slowed a little bit our bookings. But we – I think we're probably a little bit more conservative in that. And so I think we're building more and more confidence in these tools. We're in line with our book position at the same time last year, way ahead of where we were in 2019. We're at higher rates. And so I think we're not looking to wake up and be able to say, oh, look, we're booked ahead of same time last year on a volume standpoint. We're here wanting to make sure that we optimize our revenue for 2025 and beyond. And that's ultimately what's most important is to drive yield growth and strong margin returns.
Matthew Boss: That's great color. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Vince Ciepiel: Thanks. I wanted to zoom in a little bit more on the bookings trends recently. It sounds like things – I think you used the term accelerated since the last call, despite maybe a little bit of a hurricane noise within bookings in October. Can you comment on what you expect bookings growth to look like through the course of the quarter? I imagine that pouring out dollars at a time when there's hurricanes or election noise, maybe isn't the best strategy? And how you imagine managing your ad budget through the course of 4Q into early next year as you get a kick in the wave season?
Jason Liberty: Well, obviously, our guide for the quarter, we typically try to guide at a 50-50 position. I think what we have not been able – or it's probably a good problem to have, but when we see demand patterns elevate. And I think that's through really just great advocacy from our guests who are coming off of our ships, having the best vacations of their life. And then, of course, we're seeing them book more frequently on occurring. And then we – that advocacy is building more demand, and that helps feed all the great marketing that our teams do each and every day. So I think we continue to expect that we're going to invest in marketing the way that we have, and the types of marketing that we have been doing. And that's driving really healthy demand for our business. So we're obviously not guiding on the quarters for next year or for next year outside of saying moderate yield growth. But I think that we're focused on generating high-quality demand across our different channels in our different markets.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. And one follow-up on that. You mentioned the hurricane having a small impact here on 4Q yields. Any carry-through into 2025 based on what you can see right now? And I think last year, at this time, you called out a little bit on the cadence of the out-years yield growth, anything worth mentioning, still opportunities to drive occupancy? Anything worth calling out for yield growth into next year?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. Hey, Vince, so not really there hasn't been any impact on – from the hurricane. So that's not – and nothing really to call out. I call out some of the capacity growth by just given the dry dock days and the delivery of the ship – the new ships next year?
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Thanks.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Vince, it's Michael. Just to add on the impact of the elections on bookings, we've gone back and done the analysis over literally decades. And it may be – there may be a little bit of volatility during the week of the election, but over – when you spread it over a longer period, there's effectively no impact on bookings as a result of elections, no matter which way they go.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Chaiken with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Chaiken: Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I just want to touch on something that, Jason, I think you mentioned that may have been glossed over. Did I hear you correctly? Did you say that Gulf Coast is a similar sized cruise market as Florida, but only half the penetration? And then presumably – sorry, go ahead.
Jason Liberty: Yes. No, actually, I didn't say that. I said Texas is a similar sized marketplace that has half the penetration with a very similar propensity to cruise. So I think that having assets like the Royal Beach Club in Cozumel, Royal Beach Mexico will allow us to drive more and more not only of that market, but also more of the Gulf Coast and other markets that can have an easier Fly Cruise experience and have a lower cost Fly Cruise experience.
Benjamin Chaiken: Got it. And I guess the feedback that you've gotten from customers or the work that you guys have done suggest that it's just a lack of destinations. Texas being underpenetrated? Or how do you think about that opportunity? It seems really compelling.
Michael Bayley: Hi. It's Michael. Just to add to Jason's comments, I mean there's quite a few really positive things that come with Perfect Day Mexico and the Royal Beach Club Cozumel. One is that we can really introduce a much larger volume of short product market out of Texas, Louisiana, North Florida, Tampa. I mean it really is a great opportunity for us. And we know that, that short product really catches with younger families. And of course, we'll be able to offer really an extraordinary short break from these ports to Perfect Day and Royal Beach Club Cozumel. So we think that's really a huge competitive advantage. And when you think about the product offering that Royal Caribbean will have, for example, in the Texas market, we opened up our brand-new terminal just around when we came out of the pandemic, that's been a huge success. It's incredibly efficient, and it can handle the large Oasis and Icon Class ships. So when you think about that class of ship operating on short product to Perfect Day Mexico and Royal Beach Club, we think we've really got a great product offering for our customers out of Texas and all of the Gulf ports.
Benjamin Chaiken: Got it. That's very helpful. And then shifting gears a little bit, CocoCay has clearly been a material positive over the last couple of years. As you think about your next private destination, Paradise Island, directionally, will that have a similar level of ancillary uplift per customer? Why or why not? I know it's slightly different than CocoCay geographically.
Michael Bayley: Yes, it's slightly different. I mean it's going to be an exclusive beach club experience. It does have – approximately 4,000 people a day will be able to go to the Royal Beach Club in the Bahamas. The difference is, is that when you go to Perfect Day, it's a combination of pay for and included in the cruise. You can actually go to Perfect Day and you can have a great day at Perfect Day without having to spend additional to experience things. But with the Royal Beach Club, it will be all for pay. I mean you'll have to literally buy a ticket to go and experience the beach club, and so we see it as a really positive revenue generator with good margins.
Benjamin Chaiken: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lizzie Dove with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Lizzie Dove: Hi, there. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to start off on costs. I was looking back and you've called out favorable timing of costs, I think, every quarter. Just curious if you can share more details there and which kind of cost buckets that hitting in the fourth quarter? And whether there is also a degree of just that strong cost discipline that's also kind of benefiting the cost line?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. Hi, Lizzie. So this year is a little unique here. We have a lot of dry docks, double what we had last year. So a lot of the cost timing that we have called out this year, and you're right, has been related to those dry docks, specifically around supply chain impacts from the suppliers, and we're trying to work around it and make sure that we kind of get the best timing out of it, but that's always a little tricky, especially today. So that's really what it is. And we're trying to manage, as you know, cost really, really strongly and really making sure that we are focused on enhancing margin. And at the same time, making sure that we make the right investments into the product, making sure that we are investing for the future. So all of that is kind of how we manage the cost.
Lizzie Dove: Got it. That makes sense. And then just on the kind of comments around moderate yield growth longer term. A lot of the questions on the call are focused about all these tailwinds you have with the new private islands, private destinations, the new ship premiums that you have. Does that moderate yield growth longer term? Does that bake in the upside from the private islands and the new ships that you have coming online with those big premiums? Or is that more of a kind of like-for-like outlook?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Hi. Lizzie, so I think when we look at moderate yield growth, which has a little bit of a range to it. I think when we think about like-for-like and new hardware, like typically new hardware will contribute one point or so a year to our yields. I mean because the base is getting bigger, we do expect there to be a like-for-like growth. And then you get to the higher – I mean, again, this is looking at things historically, you get to the higher end of the range when you have the introductions of these private destinations as an example into it. And that's why I think when we look at the outlook, like we're not and we look – also, we look at the value gap rate opportunity that's ahead of us. When we think about the – each year, we try to more plan on what we have seen in the past. And that's where we kind of get into that moderate yield growth kind of outlook. The only thing I would say is that when you're also in the course of a year where your yields keep increasing. We guided at the beginning of the year at 6.5%. As not commented, we're over 11% this year. And so just the comparable gets a little bit different. But that moderate yield growth is kind of when we look at a long-term run rate is what we have seen generally take place in our business and kind of takes into consideration, market trends and behaviors that we have seen over time.
Lizzie Dove: Got it. Thanks. That’s helpful.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. Just hearing your commentary about the 2025 outlook, it sounds like it's sort of off to an above average start. And so if we look at where you guided yields, say, the five years before the pandemic, your initial guidance would kind of be in the 3% to 4% range for net yields. Should we think about that as being kind of what is average or typical and maybe you're sort of positioned to be better than that next year?
Jason Liberty: Well, I would say first, hi, Robin, I hope you're well. It is still too early for us to guide for next year. But I think how you looked at kind of our historical long run average, that's more or less where we had landed. I mean we'll see how the book continues to build and our ability to continue to be able to raise prices off of a – we've already raised them, and that's off of a higher base and see how we continue to close that gap to land-based vacation. But we're not at the point yet, I think where we want to give yield guidance by quarter or for next year. But we are – we're feeling very good about the strength of our demand patterns that we're seeing in the book position and our ability to continue to optimize our yield profile.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, a question on your order book. Can you give us an idea of kind of what period you're sort of done ordering for? In other words – and I'm counting your options on kind of thinking of them as seeing orders. But anything that you're still thinking about any period? Like have we seen all of your orders for 2028 at this point, but sort of 2029 and forward still fair game? Or just how to think about that? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think for the most part, you certainly have seen all of our orders through 2027 and maybe even into 2028. But as you commented, we have lots of options that are available to us that we've secured. But I will say that we heavily subscribed to moderate yield growth, moderate capacity growth and good cost control. So on that moderate capacity growth standpoint, we continue to look to moderately grow our fleet, moderately grow each of our brands. And again, as just a general reminder, when we order ships and we take ships, they're not at all going to the same brand, they're not all going to the same market, they're not all going to the same itinerary. We operate a very large global footprint that we feel very confident about our ability to get yield growth and good yield growth on capacity growth over time.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Conor Cunningham with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. The numbers are obviously very good. Naf, you've done a very good job with the balance sheet. When I look at your debt at this point, not a lot of high cost that left your cash flow is going to start to really ramp. I'm just trying to understand, are you going to continue to lean in the balance sheet? Or are we thinking about cash flow as a potential to really start ramping to shareholders? I realize that may be discussed that at the Investor Day, but just any thoughts there would be helpful? Thank you.
Naftali Holtz: Sure. Yes. So thank you. First, it was very important to us. It was a very important pillar of Trifecta to make sure that we bring the balance sheet back to being an asset. So we obviously crossed a very key milestone this quarter with getting it back to unsecured status. No guarantees, all the guarantees and security that we have granted to everybody during the pandemic to get through are gone now. And then we also feel that where we are on the leverage is within our targets. We will continue to make sure that we have a very strong balance sheet. And while a lot of the higher cost debt is gone, we always continue to find ways to lower the cost of capital, and that will be the focus to make sure that we generate even more cash flow for the company. And as we think about capital allocation, obviously, we need to maintain a strong balance sheet. We have a great opportunity to invest as we see a large opportunity in an almost $2 trillion market to continue to win share. So we're doing very important things and strategic things like the new ships, the destinations, technology and other things to get closer to the customer and just getting better with our business. And then we reinitiated the dividend last quarter, and we said that we want to continue to get into a competitive dividend factor. And then historically, there also was capital return through a buyback. We did something this quarter with the converts. So obviously, with a lot of cash generation, we will continue to have those opportunities.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. Helpful. And then you talk about all these investments that you have underway. And historically, I would think that with investments come, additional cost pressures and so on and so forth. But it seems like this is going to be a regular type of cadence in terms of new product investment, whether it's onboard or private islands and whatnot. So should we just assume that there's going to be an ongoing cost pressure from investments in your outlook going forward? The point being is this like talk about strong cost management. Is it just – is that going to be embedded in there over the long haul?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So we managed – yes, absolutely. So we manage the business and the cost on the holistic basis, right? So we take everything into account, including everything you just said. We continue to grow capacity. We're a large company. So as we kind of think about prioritization of where we're going to invest, both capital and costs, all of that is into the account. And we're very much subscribed and committed to the formula, moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth, strong cost control. And we think that a lot of these investments, while they may add some cost to the cost structure, they will have incredible returns and will be margin – and there will be a margin expansion.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think that's one really important point, which we've gotten this in the past is, our focus, while obviously, we want to grow yields, we want to manage our costs. But our ultimate focus is growing our margins. And by growing our margins, it leads to obviously a higher and higher return profile, higher margins result in more free cash flow and capital that's available to our shareholders, et cetera. So I think that there are these new things that come up that can sometimes cause a little bit of noise in our numbers as we add more destinations without APCDs as an example. But with that, it would also come, obviously, increasing our yield profile expectations, and all that driving a better guest experience, higher margin and higher returns.
Conor Cunningham: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Citi. Please go ahead.
James Hardiman: Hey. Good morning. I wanted to actually stay on this topic of potential investments. It certainly seems like you have a broader menu of investments available to you, maybe than ever and at high returns – higher returns, I should say. I guess maybe speak to why your return profile seems to be so much better than it has been for you, and I would argue maybe better than we've ever seen in this industry. It's one of the questions I continue to get, certainly for new cruise investors who just haven't seen this as a as a viable or a strong return type of an industry. It seems like something has changed meaningfully. And I guess as we think about moving forward, where do you think returns ultimately settle in over the long-term? Is there a ceiling? You're at double-digit return on invested capital. It doesn't seem like it's slowing down necessarily. So just trying to think through sort of what the end game is there or at least the long-term?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, James, I think there's a lot of things that are inside of that. I mean, we for – is it a long-term business. We've been making very, I think, thoughtful investments for a very long period of time. And I think a lot of it starts with being very discerning about what are the segments we want to be in, building our brands to be leaders in those segments, making sure they're seated with ships and experiences on those ships that are very much tuned into those segments and what are the customers of today and the customers of tomorrow are looking like. And then really looking at how can we enhance the experience and also monetize it. And we've been able to do that on the destination front. Although, I think, comes down to – our focus is orienting ourselves as an experienced business and focusing on what's happening in broad travel leisure consumer on the experience side. And then ensuring that we have the wherewithal and the assets to be able to wake up every day and compete with that. And I think that's not just on things that are very visible like ships, but it's also on technology and how do we take friction out of the experience, how do we be more sophisticated in how we yield manage and how we interact with our customer. And I think all those things combined is why we feel that we are able to continue to enhance our margins and our return profile, which we both think have runway to that. This is a business with a lot of fixed operating leverage, and so just moderately growing your yields and being mindful of your cost drops a lot of margin opportunity to the bottom line. And I think us being very focused on how do we take share, more share out of that $2 billion – I'm sorry, $2 trillion travel leisure market is, I think, what's driving us. And I think that you should expect us to continue to think and behave in that way.
James Hardiman: Got it. That's really helpful. And then along those lines, as I think about capital allocation, obviously, returns focus is key. But maybe can you speak to any non-financial considerations to that? And by that, I mean an earlier question not talked about, leverage profile, it sounds like there's really no priority that you're putting on, bringing debt down even further outside of just refinancing and sort of improving maybe that interest rate. But maybe as I think about some of these land-based vacations in the context of the competitive environment, whether it be other cruise lines or other land-based competitors, how do you think about these investments in the context of continuing to push your advantage in those areas and what that brings you longer term?
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, as you said, James, I think we feel really good about the balance sheet. Naf commented there's always opportunity for us to do better. We obviously also returning and being thoughtful about returning capital to our shareholders. I've talked about it, competitive dividend as well as share repurchasing, especially on an opportunistic basis. But of course, that's always a board decision. And then look, we're focused on how do we keep our customer and our ecosystem, right? And so we're an experience-driven business. And how do we have strong sustainable growth in leverage all the experience and know-how we have internally. There are other experiences that will – that are that can keep our customer on our ecosystem. Those are all these things that we'll consider. And that probably doesn't mean we have to buy something. It could mean we could build something. It can mean that we partner, have strategic relationships, but ultimately trying to get more reps out of the customer and doing that because we're delivering the best vacations in the world. And that's why I know we have bar slogans, but I think that we are the best in the world at delivering a vacation of a lifetime, and we are building more and more of the capabilities to deliver a lifetime of vacations.
James Hardiman: That’s really helpful. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Sure.
Operator: That will conclude our question-and-answer session. I will hand the call back to Naftali Holtz, CFO, for closing remarks.
Naftali Holtz: We thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Blake will be available for any follow-ups. We wish you all a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Group Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael McCarthy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McCarthy, the floor is yours.
Michael McCarthy: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International. Before we get started, I'd like to note that we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our investor website and in our earnings release. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency-adjusted basis. Jason will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow with a recap of our second quarter, the current booking environment and our updated outlook for 2024. We will then open the call for your questions. With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. I am proud to share our outstanding second quarter results and the continued upward trajectory of our business. As you saw in the press release this morning, our momentum continues. Demand for the incredible experiences our leading brands deliver continue to be robust. As a result, we achieved Trifecta 18 months early. We are reinstating a dividend, and we are raising our full year guidance. Less than two years ago, announced Trifecta, a three-year financial performance program that created the pathway back to what we internally call base camp. We said we would deliver triple-digit adjusted EBITDA per APCD, double-digit adjusted earnings per share and return on invested capital in the teens. Today, I'm delighted to share that we have achieved all three Trifecta goals on a trailing 12-month basis, 18 months ahead of the schedule. In addition, our leverage is now below 3.5 times when excluding the impact of new ships that were delivered midyear. With Trifecta accomplished and our balance sheet in the strong position, we are excited to broaden our capital allocation by reinstating a quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share. Capital returns that include a competitive dividend have always been and will continue to be a key pillar of our strategy to supplement growth as we focus on delivering long-term shareholder value. I want to thank the entire Royal Caribbean Group team for their passion, dedication and commitment. Their efforts helped accelerate our path to reaching Trifecta and will continue to ensure us to deliver the best vacation experiences responsibly, while driving exceptional financial results. Trifecta is an important milestone, but we are just getting started as our ambitions go well beyond it. We are excited by the large opportunity in front of us as we seek to take a greater share from the rapidly growing $1.9 trillion vacation market. Our plan to capitalize on this opportunity is well grounded in a set of underlying strategies, the powerful foundation of our leading global brand and a proven formula for success; moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth, and strong cost discipline and the best people in the world to execute on at all. Now, moving on to our results. The second quarter exceeded our already elevated expectations. We have seen an incredibly robust booking and pricing environment across all our key itineraries, which is not only setting us up for success in the future periods, but also contributed to the outperformance in the second quarter. This, coupled with continued strength in onboard spend, which is heavily influenced by our pre-cruise commercial engine, drove the revenue and earnings outperformance for the quarter. In the second quarter, we delivered approximately 2 million vacations at exceptional guest satisfaction scores. Yields grew 13.3% compared to the second quarter of last year, which was almost 300 basis points above our guidance. The revenue outperformance combined with approximately $0.15 in favorable timing of costs resulted an adjusted EPS that was considerably higher than our guidance. Naftali will elaborate more about second quarter details and results in a few minutes. The strong demand environment is also translating into higher revenue and earnings expectations for the balance of the year. We are increasing full year yield growth expectations by 115 basis points compared to our prior guidance, and we now expect adjusted earnings per share to grow 68% year-over-year. 2024 bookings have consistently outpaced last year throughout the entire second quarter and into July despite the fact that we have significantly fewer staterooms left to sell leading to higher pricing for all key products. The North American consumer who represents approximately 80% of our sourcing this year continues to be robust, driving strong yield growth across all key products. In addition to strength in the Caribbean, European and Alaska summer itineraries are performing exceptionally well, and we have experienced greater pricing power than expected since our last earnings call, leading to increased expectations for yield growth. Our nimble sourcing model, coupled with our brand's global appeal, and leading position in their respective segments, allows us to successfully capture quality demand across the segments, sourced from new and younger consumer bases, and attract the highest yielding guests. With such strong momentum, 2024 is on track to be another exceptional year with double-digit yield growth and significant earnings growth. We now expect full year net yield growth of 10.4% to 10.9%. Our yield outlook is driven by the performance of new and existing ships combined with our leading private destinations, a strong pricing environment, continued growth from onboard revenue, and our accelerating commercial apparatus. We increased our revenue expectations for the second half of 2024 and now expect to deliver mid-single-digit yield growth yield growth in the back half of the year, which continues to be above our typical moderate expectations. Just as a reminder that this is on top of approximately 17% yield increase versus 2019 in the back half of 2023. We also continue to expect higher margins and higher earnings with adjusted EPS expected to be between $11.35 and $11.45 and EBITDA margins that is over 300 basis points higher than last year. As we look ahead, we remain focused on executing our proven formula for success, moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth, and strong cost controls, which lead to enhanced margins, profitability, and superior financial return. We continue to see a very positive sentiment from our customers bolstered by a resilient economy, low unemployment, stabilizing inflation and record high household net worth. Consumer preference continues to shift towards spend on experiences with particularly prioritizing towards travel. Consumers have 10% more vacation days compared to 2019 and they are using half of that increase to travel. In fact, our research suggests that consumers are spending more on travel than any other leisure category and that they intend to increase their travel spend in the next 12 months. Cruise remains an attractive value proposition and cruise purchase intent is high and continues to strengthen. Consumer financials remain healthy across demographics. The number of baby boomers reaching retirement age is expected to grow 30% to $73 million by 2030. Based on our research, retirees take 50% more vacation time than non retirees. The baby boomer generation also holds 50% of the $156 trillion of US wealth, and they are expected not only to spend more on travel, but also to transfer $72 trillion of their wealth to other generations over the next two decades, including traveling together. We are already benefiting from that active and real-time wealth transfer through multigenerational travel across our brands. Our research shows that younger generations, millennials and younger, are also benefiting from the 10% increase in leisure time compared to 2019 that they intend to allocate more of this time on travel than any other leisure category. This attractive traveler continues to gain share within our customer base at a faster pace than any other generation. And today, one of every two customers is a millennial or younger. Their travel needs and behaviors vary across trip length and type. So the differentiated experiences offered by our incredible brands resonate extremely well with these next generations of cruisers. Our addressable market is growing, and we are attracting more customers into our vacation ecosystem. New-to-cruise customers are up double-digits versus last year, and at the same time, we are seeing stronger repeat rates. Once booked, guests are quickly engaging with us and buying significantly more onboard experiences per booking than in the second quarter of last year. Both earlier and on meaningfully higher APDs translating into higher satisfaction rates and higher onboard spend. Putting customers at the center of our orbit has been critical to our success and allows us to meet guests for all of life's moments, transforming the vacation of a lifetime into a lifetime of vacations. A key differentiator for us on this journey is our hardware, where we are constantly innovating. This quarter, we took delivery of Utopia of the Seas, the ultimate weekend getaway, a shift positioned to be another game changer for our short Caribbean product. Our short Caribbean cruise product is an important entry point for new-to-cruise and new-to-brand with nearly seven and 10 guests following in these categories and always skewing more towards younger customers. Younger consumers find this product particularly appealing. In fact, approximately 40% of guests who follow in this demographic have indicated that they intend to book a short vacation in the next 12 months. Moreover, 90% of guests who sail on our short product in 10 crews again with roughly half planning to return for a longer crews. We also launched Silver Ray, which continues to redefine the ultra-luxury segment. Since introducing Nova class last year, Silver Nova and Silver Ray have attracted a higher mix of younger guests than the rest of the fleet. We have an exciting lineup of new ships on order, including Celebrity Cruises, Celebrity Excel, which launches in late 2025, and Royal Caribbean's Star of the Seas debuting in mid-2025. The third Icon class ship in 2026 and the seventh Oasis class ship in 2028. We also continue to lead the vacation industry with exciting new experiences on our ships and our portfolio of private destinations. Perfect Day at CocoCay continues to perform exceptionally well, and we are reaching important milestones on Royal Beach Club Paradise Island opening in 2025 and Royal Beach Club in Cozumel, Mexico opening in 2026. These new experiences uniquely position us to continue taking share from land-based alternatives. As we deepen our relationship with our guests, this quarter's launch of our enterprise loyalty status match program is an important step in integrating our brands, rewarding our guests for staying within our family of brands and making travel planning even more seamless. In just two months since the program launched, we have seen a significant increase in enrollment across all of our brands and positive feedback from our loyal fan base. Once customers book their dream vacation over 90% utilize new features and enhancement on our apps. Notably, more than 70% of guests are making pre-cruise purchases before they fail, and they spend more than double compared to those who only make purchases onboard. Finally, our sustainability ambitions help inform our strategic and financial decisions daily, supporting our mission to deliver the best vacation experiences responsibly. We remain committed to our see the future vision, sustaining the planet, energizing communities and accelerating innovation. Our recent Maritime Decarbonization Summit onboard Utopia of the Seas underscores our commitment to reaching net zero emissions by 2050 through industry-wide collaboration. More than 30 shipowners, shipbuilders and technology and energy providers convened to catalyze advancements in necessary technological solutions and alternative fuels. We are optimistic about this important step unifying our industry and fostering an environment for advancing quality and scalable, sustainable solutions. In summary, our business continues to perform exceptionally well, and we are very pleased with our performance, achieving Trifecta early and reinstating the dividend. This sets us up well as we seek to take share from the rapidly growing $1.9 trillion vacation market. With our strong platform, our proven strategies, we are creating a lifetime medication experiences for our customers while delivering long-term shareholder value and strong financial results. And with that, I will turn the call over to Naftali. Naf?
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I will start by reviewing second quarter results. Our teams delivered another strong performance that exceeded our expectations, resulting in adjusted earnings per share of $3.21. The $0.51 share outperformance compared to the midpoint of our guidance is driven by better revenue across our leading brands and across key itineraries as well as approximately $0.15 per share favorable timing of expenses. We finished the second quarter with a net yield growth of 13.3%. Load factors were 108.2 and contributed approximately 300 basis points to yield growth, with the remaining increase driven by rates that were up by 10% from both new and existing hardware. OT products had double-digit yield growth with strength in close-in demand for the Caribbean and Europe that drove the outperformance in the quarter. SCC excluding fuel, increased 5.7% in constant currency. The favorable cost performance compared to our guidance is driven by favorable timing of expenses that more than offset the negative impact of stock compensation given the significant appreciation of our stock price during second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.6 billion and gross EBITDA margin was 38%. As Jason mentioned, we also achieved our Trifecta targets on a trailing 12-month basis as of the end of the second quarter. We delivered $113 adjusted EBITDA per APCD, 13% above our triple-digit target, mid-teens ROIC consistent with our target in the teens and $10.08 adjusted EPS slightly above our double-digit target. Leverage was below 3.5 times when excluding the impact of new ships that were delivered midyear, and we are on track to get very close to our double-digit carbon intensity reduction target by year-end. Our 2024 booked position remains very strong across all products and markets and continues to outpace last year in both rate and volume. The Caribbean makes up approximately 55% of our capacity for the year and 42% for the third quarter. This product is booked ahead in both rate and volume and the strong yield growth is driven by new hardware and higher pricing on existing ships supported by our private destinations. Europe accounts for 15% of our capacity for the full year and 28% during the third quarter. Europe is in a record booked position in both rate and volume and continued strength in pricing, it resulted in an increase in our revenue expectations for Europe sailings. Our summer Alaska season represents 6% of full year capacity and 14% in the third quarter. We have increased our capacity this year as a result of upgrading the hardware in the market. Like Europe, we have seen strong demand since our last earnings call, leading to increased expectations for yield growth for this product. Now, let me talk about our increased guidance expectations for 2024. Net yields are expected to be up 10.4% to 10.9% for the full year. The increase in the guidance is driven by higher pricing for both new hardware and like-for-like as well as onboard revenue. The yield cadence for the year is influenced by the load factor and pricing power catch-up in the first half. The timing of CocoCay's opening makes the comp easier for first half of 2024. And when adjusting for such structural changes, yield growth is just about the same amount in each quarter compared to 2019. Now moving to costs. Full year net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up approximately 6%. Our cost metric is up 50 basis points compared to our prior guidance and is driven entirely by higher non-cash stock-based compensation given the significant increase in the stock price since the last earnings call. We have very few dry dock days in the third quarter, but significantly more in the fourth quarter, which together with timing of stock compensation expense, will weigh on our cost metrics for the fourth quarter. We anticipate a fuel expense of $1.17 billion for the year, and we are 61% hedged at below market rates. We are raising our adjusted EPS guidance to $11.35 to $11.45. I want to provide a little more color on the progress of our earnings guidance. We are increasing guidance by $0.60 for the year. About half of the increase is driven by second quarter close-in demand and the other half is driven by better pricing and business outlook for the rest of the year. As I mentioned, we had about $0.15 cost timing in the second quarter, which is shifting into back half of the year. Now, I will discuss our third quarter guidance. We plan to operate 13.4 million APCDs during the third quarter. Net yields are expected to be up 6.5% to 7% compared to 2023, and that is on top of a 16.7% yield growth last year. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up 4.7% to 5.2%. Taking all of this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the quarter to be $4.90 to $5. Turning to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $3.8 billion in liquidity. We have been making significant progress in strengthening the balance sheet towards our goal of investment-grade metrics. Better performance and disciplined capital allocation allowed us to reduce leverage below 3.5 times as of the end of the second quarter when excluding the impact of new ships that were delivered midyear. This level is within our target leverage range. We plan to continue to proactively pay down debt and pursue opportunistic refinancings to manage maturities, reduce interest expense and achieve an unsecured balance sheet. During the second quarter, we paid down the remaining balance of our debt holiday that allowed us to remove any restrictions around capital return. As you saw in the press release today, we also initiated a quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share. In closing, we remain committed and focused on executing on our strategy and delivering on our mission. With that, I will ask the operator to open the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steven Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steven Wieczynski: Yeah. Hey, guys. Good morning. Congratulations, on another pretty solid beat here. So Jason and/or Naf, if we think about the guidance for the rest of the year, not to kind of touch on this very briefly, but the feedback we're getting, I would say, from investors this morning is that the embedded fourth quarter yield guide of -- I think it's just about 5% is showing a material sequential decline and could possibly indicate bookings are slowing, I guess. I'm guessing the lower yield was more a function of you guys being at essentially full load factors last year in the fourth quarter of 2023. But is there anything you would add on there? And then maybe also a little bit more color on 2025 bookings and if there's any -- been any changes from -- in booking patterns for next year as well?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Good morning, Steve, hope all is well. So I think maybe just first starting off on the back half of the year. Obviously, our yields have grown significantly since 2019. So the back half of the year, our yields are up 25% versus 2019. And so I think our commentary of strength and how we feel about the back half of the year, I think, is still very bullish. But as you mentioned, we have been ahead of the curve in terms of bringing our business back up. And so our load factors relative to last year, our load factors were pretty normalized in the back half of last year. So really, all the yield improvement that you're seeing in Q3 and Q4 is really being driven by price. And so I think it's a really strong indication that not only the willingness to pay more, but these prices continue to increase as we build and manage demand. When we think about 2025, first, the reason why -- it's July, so we typically don't talk a lot about 2025. So it is early. We mentioned in the release that we're now in a place where we're taking more bookings for 2025 than we are for 2024. So the strength in the commentary that we talk about on pricing and pricing increasing, it very much applies to 2025 and beyond. So we feel very good. We're in a very strong book position for 2025, pricing is up and increasing are the trends that we continue to see. But I think it's important to just note again that load factor recovery is done. We are operating at full factors. I think it needs to also take into account that the yields have improved by over 25% versus 2019. So it's not necessarily a like-for-like story in the industry, I think, to point to. So I think we feel really good about 2025. The pattern show pricing continues to accelerate. And I think that, what you're starting to see in the back half of the year is still elevated compared to like what we described as our formula of success of that moderate yield growth, which is typically around 3% to 5%, and we're pointing to a yield profile that is at the very top end of that in Q4 and above. And so I think we feel that for us, if we're growing our yields moderately controlling our cost, growing our business in a disciplined way, what you see is significant margin accretion, significant return profile and continued step change step change -- significant in our earnings profile.
Naftali Holtz: And Steve, I'll just add one more thing about 2019. I said it in my prepared remarks, but also remember, in 2019, the first half had an easier comp, right, because we didn't have CocoCay open. It opened in the second half of the year, and that with a lot of other structural changes, it was five years ago. It's pretty consistent through that period in terms of your growth.
Steven Wieczynski: Thanks for the color guys. Second question, Jason, would be around your recent change in deployment with Ovation, essentially taking that ship out of the China, home porting it on the West Coast. We've gotten a bunch of questions about this move. And I think investors are concerned at this time the China market might not be as strong as what you would have previously thought? Or maybe it's just the domestic market is just way more profitable right now. But any thoughts there as to or any color around the move there would be helpful. Thanks.
Michael Bayley: Hey, Steve, it's Michael. We're kind of in this great position of having very good market choices to make. We -- I believe in the long-term potential for China has not changed at all. Spectrum, as you know, we started operating it out of Shanghai a few months ago. It's performing very well in the market, and we feel good about the China market. It still hasn't reached the levels we're seeing in the American market. And of course, this is where we've got these good choices. And we have strong ambitions to grow the West Coast in the US. If you think about California as the sixth largest economy in the world. Navigator, which is the ship we put in the West Coast about a year or so ago has been performing exceptionally well. So we kind of faced with this choice, should we deploy Ovation into Tianjin or should we deploy into California? And we made the decision really based upon maximizing performance, but it doesn't in any way indicate that we're moving away from the China market. We're quite committed to the opportunity there. And I think you'll see that we'll be announcing in the future more deployment into China.
Steven Wieczynski: Great. Thanks, guys. Thanks for the color. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the dividend announcement this morning. So first question is on the fourth quarter, just following up on Steven's question. The 5% implied yield guidance, which I know you have tougher comps, and that's all price. Can you help us understand what the sort of -- how to think about the like -- the embedded like-for-like is within that? And maybe it's easier to answer. How does that compare versus the like-for-like that you generally embed in your longer-term algo?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, so I would comment, Brandt, first, hope all is well. It's actually, if anything, the like-for-like is growing faster than what would be in our typical algorithm. And as new ships come on, they're meaningful, but the overall denominator is much larger. So the impact on yield profile, I mean, Icon is obviously just unbelievably successful, Utopia is crushing it. But it's a smaller percentage of our overall denominator. So really, what you're reading into that 5% is that the like-for-like is growing. And as part of that story is not just a ticket, but it's also what's happening onboard. And I think the power of our pre-cruise commerce engine is shifting more and more of that booking activity for onboard spend forward, which is also resulting in us getting our guests to have a fuller breadth of experiences, which increases our share of wallet.
Brandt Montour: Great. That's super helpful. And then just as a follow-up, and I apologize for sort of a shorter-term question, but this earnings season, we have heard from land-based -- some of land-based hotel operators made some softer comments on pricing sensitivity. I'm curious, when you look at your 2025 bookings data, what you're seeing coming in, are you starting to see any pricing sensitivity at all forming at the lower end itineraries, the older ships, your base -- your Royal Caribbean brand versus your other brands, anything that you're seeing?
Jason Liberty: Yes. We obviously -- we have the opportunity of taking on 25,000, 30,000, 35,000 bookings a day. You're going to see the cash register ring every -- pretty much every second somewhere in the world on our ships. And I know there might be a group seeking to hear that there's some type of break in the pattern, but there just isn't we're seeing our guests the booking window continues to extend, so they're planning further out, their willingness to pay more for these incredible vacation experiences continues to increase. So our pricing continues to increase into 2025 and into 2026. And that's not just happening at the short product that's happening in the ultra-luxury space as well. And I think, Brandt, it's -- people say, well, how can that that be? I think it's still just a reality there's still a 20% value gap to land-based vacation. And you get a lot of bang for the buck when you're traveling with our brands. And I think that value gap is potentially shielding us from some of that that noise that you're hearing from land-based operators. But for us, whether you look at it by product, whether you look at it by market, whether you look -- well, whether it's ticket or whether it's on board, the trends that we see is just continued acceleration on the pricing side. Now there's some reality as well that we're managing to, which is, we’re really well booked and you're never at that optimal or you too booked or under booked, but for us, we probably -- because we have less inventory to sell in the back half of this year, a lot of that pricing opportunity is also -- is going to fall into 2025.
Brandt Montour: Okay. Thanks a lot. Great quarter.
Jason Liberty: You got it. Thanks, Brandt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Vince Ciepiel: Thanks. So I guess, it's kind of a question on strategy on a go-forward basis, and you touched on this in your opening comments, just getting back from the Utopia inaugural and from the moment you're boarding the ship to naming ceremony, I mean it's very clear that you're targeting this kind of get away biggest party at sea type of focus. So can you talk a little bit about how you make decisions with allocating new hardware towards this shorter sailing that's a getaway as opposed to something more like a week long vacation, family-oriented icon type experience? And I imagine that the development of your private islands close to South Florida probably unlock some of this. But what do you see as being a bigger driver in the years ahead?
Michael Bayley: Well, it's a great question, and you kind of answered a lot of the question in your question. For the Royal brand, we are very much a multigenerational family brands. We're fortunate that we've got the scale and the size. We've seen over the past couple of years that got growth in every single segment. And we know that the on-ramp for Cruise is the short product. We've known that for quite some time. We changed up our strategy some years ago with the development of Perfect Day, CocoCay and significant investment in many of our ships that we moved to the short cruise market. And we started to really aggregate that segment of our business. And the volume of new-to-cruise is significantly higher on short product than it is on longer for very logical reasons, which I think you touched on. It's just a much easier product to purchase. It's only a few days. It's less investment of time for new-to-cruise. And we found that when you get the product right, you can stimulate it a large amount of demand. And I think what we've seen with Utopia is it was a very strategic decision to take a brand new Oasis class that we started to work on some years ago in terms of the product vibe, the energy, what we're offering the customer and placing it into really, the Port Canaveral, Orlando market, drive to market, which is significant. It's a great product to put up against what we see in Orlando, and it's easy to package a trip on Utopia as well as maybe a trip to Orlando. But certainly, we've seen the demand has been outstanding for that product, and we're only in the second week of Utopia, and it is literally knocking it out of the park, exceptionally high customer satisfaction, Net Promoter Scores, the onboard revenues being just very strong. We're very pleased with the onboard revenue and guests are booking it. So, we know that if we get that product right and we can put our best foot forward, that then we'll see a significant upswing in repeat to brand because of what they've experienced with Utopia. And certainly, when you think of Icon in the seven-day market and soon to be Star of the Seas, which is also going to Port Canavera down into Perfect Day. We've got a really good, strong range of products that we can offer to the customer and they're booking it. Just as a side headline, Icon now is currently sailing at around 132% load factor, which is -- we're just delighted with very high customer satisfaction.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. And Vince, I think just to add, because I think Utopia is just a great example of our intentionality. I mean each of our brands are hyper-focused on understanding the different segments, the consumer of today and the consumer of tomorrow and growing demand. And our commentary around what's happening with the younger generation and half of our guests are now in that category, though I consider myself young but I'm not in that category, I guess. But it's us trying to address these multiple generations, these multiple experiences that people are looking to collect and trying hard to meet our guests there. And I think you can see that whether you're looking at Utopia with the short, whether you're seeing that with Icon on seven, but you see that in Celebrity, you see that with Silversea. And our goal is to really make sure we have an experience that matches with the guests at different points in life and that goes to our overarching strategy of having a lifetime of vacations.
Vince Ciepiel: Got it. That's helpful. So the Michael Bayleys and the millennials of the world, like Utopia, it sounds like. Question on 2025 yield setup. I think you got into this a little bit when asked for this on 4Q like-for-like. But when you think about next year, you have another half year of Utopia, you have Star coming, you've Xcel at the tail end, you've Royal Beach Club, like there seems to be a number of drivers incremental to the like-for-like that could be supportive of yield growth. And then you also mentioned the denominator is much larger now. So do you expect these other factors to be yield accretive next year an additional like-for-like or like-for-like is still the larger driver? How should we be thinking about that?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Well, I think when you – certainly a full year of Utopia, a full year or half a year of Star will definitely be something that I would point to that will contribute to our yield improvement next year as well as like-for-like. Xcel is at the very, very end of the year, and Royal Beach Club will be towards the back half of the year, and that will ramp itself up as we typically do to make sure it's operationally perfect. And so I think those are the -- I think Xcel and the Royal Beach Club will probably be more of a driver in 2026 than it will be in 2025. But certainly, that new capacity is -- it benefits us. And what we're seeing in the like-for-like pricing is that we expect that to be a meaningful contributor to our yields in 2025, as well as, by the way, onboard spend activity.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Boss with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Matt Boss: Great. Thanks and congrats on another great quarter.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Matt.
Matt Boss: So Jason, with all your Trifecta targets hit, you cited today that you're just getting started. So maybe could you elaborate on what that means in terms of global market share based on new customer trends that you're seeing today? And then Naftali, maybe just the multiyear margin opportunity. EBITDA margins exit this year, 200 to 300 basis points above 2019. Where do you see us going from here?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think -- so the comment on the -- just getting started and you're all very familiar with this. But when we've talked about Trifecta, and even internally, we talked about it as base camp. So we've hit it. We've announced we're hitting it, but you won't see anybody here like doing victory laps. It's getting our business. We're now back to full strength, full financial health. And if you just take what we've talked about with our formula of moderate yield growth, cost discipline, discipline in the growth of our business, it drives significant margin and returns for the business. You combine that with the land-based things like the World Beach Club in the Bahamas and the Royal Beach Club in Mexico, you see the power of the earnings and the returns that are going to come forward here in the business. So I think when we look at like what's next. It's now setting ourselves on how do we make sure we execute on those significant margin drivers. And if you think about, just in 2024, a 1% change in our yields is $120 million. 1% change in our cost is about half of that. So if you're continuing to grow your yields faster than you're growing your costs or significantly faster than you're growing costs, that's going to deliver a lot of margin and return. The other point that I would add is that, when we -- like what are chasing like we're -- again, we're not chasing our cruise competitors. What we're chasing is how do we grab more and more share from that $1.9 trillion and growing vacation market. And I think with things like Icon and Utopia and Nova and Xcel, et cetera, and the private destinations, what we're doing is trying to further differentiate ourselves and real in more of those land-based consumers and to make sure that we are a clear consideration and a vacation choice. And if we do that really well, that's where we can further close the gap to land-based vacation and that will -- because there's so much operating leverage in this business, that's going to drive significant earnings power and returns to our shareholders.
Naftali Holtz: And Matt, I guess the one -- on your question on the margin. So we're very happy with way we've obviously executed in the last 2 years, and you can see our margins much higher than 2019. And this was because we were focused on our formula and kind of continuing to have profitable growth. That doesn't change going forward. So as we think about new ships, new experiences, new initiatives, we want to continue to grow the revenue. That's obviously a great opportunity, as Jason said, $65 billion category, $1.9 trillion market. We see this as an amazing opportunity to win share from the consumer and continue to grow the business and expand it. And while doing that with higher margins. And I'll go back to what Jason said, 1% is -- of net revenue yield is $120 million, 1% of NCCX $16 million, so you can see that if we continue on this formula and continue to grow the business, there's much more runway on the margin itself, that also creates a lot of free cash flow, right? We're a much bigger company today. So that will just expand our opportunities for capital allocation as well.
Matt Boss: Great. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Conor Cunningham with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi everyone. Thank you. And maybe just to stick on that return answer that you had. Obviously, it's great to see that the dividend is back. But as you think about additional -- as the Board thinks about additional avenues of shareholder returns, just curious like how you think about that and how that steps up from here? Is it just a function of time? Or are you targeting additional balance sheet optimization before you start to think about maybe share repurchases and so on? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. Well, thanks, Conor. And of course, these things are always Board decisions. I think the dividend really reflects that now we have gotten ourselves into our balance sheet zone, our credit metric zone, that we have been focused on doing. And I think that historically, we've used both the dividend and other forms like share repurchasing to return capital shareholders. And I would suspect that we would kind of be focused on both of those things and growing both of those things over time. So I think the dividend and the amount of the dividend, I think, is a reflection of, again, keeping ourselves in that to 3.25 times to 3.5 times debt-to-EBITDA zone. We've reached that on the 3.5 times side, but our ultimate goal is to make sure we have a competitive dividend and opportunistically buy back shares over time.
Naftali Holtz: And I'll just add that our balance sheet is obviously in the zone where we -- this is within the target. There's always opportunities, right? So we, obviously, first and foremost, manage maturities. We want to reduce -- continue to reduce the cost of capital. We still are not done with unsecuring our balance sheet. So we have some work to do, but we're definitely in a very strong balance sheet position that allows us to reinstate the dividend and just continue to grow the business.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. That's helpful. And then sorry to ask about the 2025 booking comment again. But how does your yield management strategy change next year relative to this year? It just seems like there's additional opportunity to optimize it, you didn't necessarily have -- or maybe to ask it a little differently. Did you feel like you left anything on the table given your booking curve this year wasn't what you expect for it to be next year as you approach that? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Yes, sure. So I think that you could see that obviously in the guide we had in the beginning of the year to where we are today, right? We're about 400 plus basis points higher than we were in our expectations in the beginning of the year. So that's a reflection of an acceleration demand and really acceleration in price. So your takeaway from that is, clearly, we left some money on the table and we were too booked going into WAVE. Now how we decide to take on those revenues is we have a very sophisticated revenue management system, a very sophisticated management team, that is looking at historical trends, what's happening in the market, to inform price and how much we take on and when. And so I think for us, it's always a debate on -- and again, this is always probably plus or minus 5 percentage points in terms of where our book position should be as we lost different periods. And of course, our ultimate goal here is not tell you that we're in record this or record that. Our ultimate goal here is to optimize our revenue. And that's what our tools do each and every day, and it could very well be that we cross the year in the same type of book position or a little bit less, or a little bit more and that's just to make sure that we are, again, maximizing and optimizing our revenue.
Conor Cunningham: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. So Utopia looks like a great new ship. But so don't mind that I'd like to ask about your next potential ship order. It's kind of a 2-part question. First is some other cruise have been ordering sort of further out than we had seen before the pandemic, some eight or nine years, some 12 years. Are you sort of having to think longer term about your order book than maybe you would have previously? Is that something you feel that you'll also to do or that we may see you do? And then secondly, it seems like there's kind of unofficially talk about a new ship class for me that would be smaller than the last two ship classes that you've had and that may allow you to go to some markets that can't handle some of the sort of newer larger ships today. And I wonder if you can help quantify for us what percent of the driving market now, right? Because there are clearly markets like Miami, New York, where you have a big driver market, but these other potential new port cities that you're not going to with some of your new hardware that would be new drive, kind of new source markets with better within drive. Can you quantify kind of what percent increase that could be in your drive market penetration? If thinking about what those smaller ships may reach, I realize this is a longer-term question, but. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Hey, Robin. Thanks for the question. So first, we feel we have a very good line of sight on our order book. And it's all subscribed to being disciplined in the growth of our business. And of course, as we're adding capacity into our fleet, just always remind that as you're seeing with Utopia and Icon, where you're seeing with Silver Ray, et cetera, they're going into different segments and different markets and different deployments each and every day. So of course, in the cruise ship business or in the cruise business, you're always thinking longer term, you're not just thinking longer term in terms of growth and orders, but also your environmental footprint and what we can be doing to further reduce our emissions and the fuel that we burn, et cetera. So this is a longer-term business and designs of ships like Icon, which you heard us talk about with seven years in the making. So this just doesn't happen a couple of years out. So I think we feel very confident about our path of growth and we feel very confident in our ability to take on those orders in a very disciplined way. We're always going through and look -- we're always designing the next classes of ships really for all of our brands. We specifically pick segments and brands in those segments and deployments and experiences that we believe have a very long runway to generate demand globally as each of our brands are globally sourced business. And of course, the other thing I think that's important when you think about ship classes, whether they could be small, they could be larger, is kind of also a consideration that we also have ships that are reaching 30, 35 years. And so some of this is not just about we want to build same size ships, ships, smaller it's also replacing ships that will eventually kind of reach their end of life. And I think when your question comes about the drivable market, the ships that you're referring to that we're looking potentially at smaller ships will probably replace some of those older ships. It's a little bit less about the sourcing market. It's more about where those ships can go. It's getting them into maybe some of the more unique and bespoke destinations further diversify our footprint around the world. We go to about 1,000 different destinations today and we keep more and more and trying to spread out where our guests go size of the ship can sometimes matter. And I think our brands are always designing to how do we have the most flexible platform to deliver the experiences in which our guests are looking to go on.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks very much.
Naftali Holtz: Great. One more question please.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Ben Chaiken with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Ben Chaiken: Hi good morning. With Paradox Island, how are you positioning this this relative to CocoCay? And is a different customer or similar? Meaning are your future Paradise Island guests going to CocoCay today? Or is it a different itinerary? And then a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Michael Bayley: Hi Ben, it's Michael. Yes, it's positioned as another incredible experience. It's a Beach Club experience. It's exactly what our customers are looking for when they go to the Caribbean. They are seeking an experience on the beach. So, it's a Royal Caribbean Beach Club. It will fit very well into Perfect Day, particularly for the short product market. You can spend a day in Perfect Day. And then the next day, you can spend a day in the Beach Club. So, it's kind of like totally perfect. And we think we're going to see very strong demand for the product. We've deployed. We've got our itinerary set for the Beach Clubs as they come online. And it will be a combination of short product, including Perfect Day, longer product that may call into the Beach Club as it goes into Nashville and often -- more often than not including Perfect Day as well. So, it's really a very complementary product that fits extremely well with Perfect Day, and it also fits very well into short and long product. So, we think it's going to be really a huge success. And the demographics are exactly the same as the Perfect Day and the same for the brand.
Ben Chaiken: Very helpful. And then as you think about pricing versus ancillary spend, how do you imagine Paradise will be different than CocoCay or similar?
Michael Bayley: In terms of spend, we think it's going to be very similar. There are some differences because the Beach Club is a full purchase experience, whereas Perfect Day, there's huge amount of the experience is complementary and then there's many elements of the experience that you purchase. Because we -- when you go to Perfect Day, the entire ship goes there and it's the entire day for the guest. Whereas when you have the Beach Club experience, it's an experience that's available to the guest, but the guest can choose other experiences as well. So, there's literally a ticket price to enter into the Beach Club.
Ben Chaiken: Got it. Thank you.
Naftali Holtz: Okay.
Operator: I'll turn the conference back to Naftali for his closing remarks.
Naftali Holtz: Thank you. We thank everyone for your participation and interest. Michael will be available for any follow-up. We wish you all a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Group First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to introduce Michael McCarthy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McCarthy, the floor is yours. 
Michael McCarthy: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Joining me here in Miami are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International.
 Before we get started, I would like to note that we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change.
 Also, we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our Investor Relations website and in our earnings release. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency adjusted basis.
 Jason will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow with a recap of our first quarter, the current booking environment and our updated outlook for 2024. We will then open the call for your questions.
 With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Jason. 
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. I'm proud to share our robust first quarter results and the continued upward trajectory of our business. When we turn the page from an incredible 2023, with a record booked position for 2024 and numerous tailwinds related to the consumers' desire to vacation with us, we expect that this would be another great year. 
 Well, as you saw in the press release this morning, what transpired over the past 3 months was even better than our already elevated expectations. Our brands are stronger than ever and demand for our vacation experiences continues to accelerate.
 We are leading the way in delivering a lifetime of incredible vacations for our guests with our exceptional and leading portfolio of brands, innovative and differentiated ships, exciting and exclusive destination experiences and leading commercial capabilities. The opportunity is very large and very exciting as we seek to take share from the rapidly growing $1.9 trillion vacation market.
 Our formula for success remains unchanged. Moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost controls lead to robust financial performance and long-term shareholder value.
 Before getting into the details, I want to recognize our incredible teams that are working together day in and day out delivering the best vacation experiences to our guests and doing so while driving exceptional results. Our business is propelled by our people, and they are the driving force behind our strategic vision for success. I'm so grateful for their commitment and passion.
 Now moving on to our results. As highlighted on Slide 4, the first quarter was tremendous, setting us well on our path to a year that is significantly better than we expected just a few months back. WAVE season combined with a record-breaking introduction of the revolutionary icon of the Seas resulted in consistently robust bookings at much higher prices than 2023.
 This strong booking and pricing environment across all key itineraries, coupled with continued strength in onboard spend led to higher revenue in the first quarter and a further improvement in full year yield expectations.
 In the first quarter, we delivered 2 million memorable vacations and achieved a 107% load factor at exceptional guest satisfaction scores. Yields grew 19.3% compared to the first quarter of 2023, almost 400 basis points above our initial guidance.
 Adjusted earnings per share in the first quarter was considerably higher than our guidance. Strong ticket and onboard revenue and favorable timing of expenses contributed to the better-than-expected earnings performance. The acceleration of demand is also translating into higher revenue and earnings expectations for the balance of the year.
 As you can see on Page 5, we are increasing full year yield growth expectations by 50% compared to our initial guidance in early February, and we now expect adjusted earnings per share to grow 60% year-over-year. The increased outlook for the year is expected to further accelerate our trajectory towards our Trifecta goals as we continue to expect to achieve all 3 goals in 2024, one year earlier than initially expected.
 Now I'll provide some insight into the robust demand environment and our incredible WAVE season. Bookings consistently outpaced last year throughout the entire first quarter and through April, even though we have significantly fewer staterooms left to sell, leading to higher pricing for all of our key products. Booking strength has been prevalent on both our existing hardware as well as on our industry-leading new ships.
 We see strong demand across all products and markets. North America continues to be extremely robust where approximately 80% of this year's guests are sourced. This strength in combination with the incredible Perfect Day at CocoCay, has resulted in strong yield growth for our Caribbean Sailings.
 European bookings are outpacing last year's levels at higher prices, and Alaska has been performing particularly well with the year-over-year yield growth.
 We are also pleased to return to the high-yielding China market this month with Spectrum of the Seas and to add Ovation of the Seas to Tianjin in 2025 as we rebuild our China business. With our return to China, we are now finally back in all of our key markets, which enables us to capture quality, global demand and source from new consumer bases.
 Customer sentiment remains very positive bolstered by resilient labor markets, wage growth, stabilizing inflation and record high household net worth.
 Consumer preferences continue to shift towards spend on experiences, particularly priority for travel. This is evident as the year-over-year growth and spend on experience is double that of spend on goods.
 Despite our ability to narrow the gap to land-based vacations in the last 12 months, cruising still remains an exceptional value proposition. We continue to see excellent engagement from customers who are booking their dream vacations with us across all our products.
 Guests are buying 10% more onboard experiences per booking than in the first quarter of last year and they continue to book these onboard activities earlier and at meaningfully higher APDs, translating into higher onboard spend.
 Looking to the rest of 2024, the year is shaping up to be exceptional, with strong yield and earnings growth. We expect to achieve all Trifecta targets in 2024, allowing us to focus on a new era of growth to drive long-term shareholder returns. As I mentioned previously, Trifecta creates the pathway back to what we internally describe as base camp, but our ambitions go well beyond it.
 As highlighted on Slide 7, we now expect to deliver net yields that are 9% to 10% higher than 2023. Our yield outlook is driven by the performance of new and existing ships combined with our leading private destinations, a strong pricing environment, continued growth from onboard revenue and our accelerating commercial apparatus.
 In the second half of 2024, we expect to deliver mid-single-digit yield growth above our typical moderate yield growth expectations and on top of an approximately 17% yield increase in the back half of 2023. We also continue to expect the business to deliver higher margins and earnings in 2024, with adjusted earnings per share expected to grow 60% year-over-year.
 As we look ahead, we remain focused on executing our proven formula for success, moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost controls that lead to enhanced margins, profitability and superior financial performance.
 Our operating platform remains a key differentiator and is bigger and stronger than ever. We remain intensely focused on attracting and keeping guests within our unique portfolio of brands and providing experiences for all of life's moments while delivering long-term value for our shareholders.
 Our addressable market is expanding and new-to-cruise continues to grow, increasing 16% year-over-year. These guests are discovering our differentiated vacation experiences and are increasingly returning to us, as we see repeat rates over 30% higher compared to 2019.
 Our brands also continue to attract new and younger customers. Millennials and younger generations have gained 11 percentage points share compared to 2019. And today, almost 1 in 2 guests are millennials or younger.
 New hardware has been a great differentiator for us, with Icon of the Seas joining the fleet a few months ago. It is already exceeding our lofty expectations in both guest satisfaction and financial performance. We are also excited for the arrival later this year of Utopia of the Seas, a ship that is positioned to be another game changer for our short Caribbean product, and Silver Ray, which continues to reimagine the ultra-luxury and expedition segments. Demand and pricing for those new ships has been incredibly strong.
 Also this quarter, we announced an order for a seventh ship in our hugely successful Oasis Class that will join the fleet in 2028.
 Our brands continue to lead their segments and generate quality demand and we see a very large opportunity to take greater share of the rapidly growing $1.9 trillion vacation market, as we continue to grow our fleet and vacation experiences.
 We are leading the vacation industry in creating exciting new product and experiences, which include private destinations. The newest addition to our growing portfolio of private destinations is the Royal Beach Club in Cozumel, Mexico, that is set to welcome guests in 2026. With the combination of activities for every type of vacationer, Royal Beach Club Cozumel will further enhance our guest experience, giving guests the ultimate beach day.
 Earlier this week, we also celebrated another important milestone when we officially broke ground on Royal Beach Club Paradise Island in Nassau, which is scheduled to open next year.
 Our journey to deepen the relationship with the customer continues this year. We are further enhancing our commerce platform through new technology and AI to continue improving the experience for our different distribution channels, build even more customer loyalty and lowering our cost to acquire the guests. We are removing friction and unlocking travel planning by investing in a modern digital travel platform, making it easier than ever for guests to book their dream vacations while allowing us to expand wallet share.
 Our digital experiences delight guests. Our mobile app is consistently adopted by 94% of our guests on board and we continue to enhance its capabilities. Among other features, we introduced cruise booking capabilities in the app last year and recently added the ability to book flights. We also created a loyalty hub, so customers can quickly enroll and track their loyalty tiers and benefits. We will continue to enhance those capabilities in 2024 and beyond.
 Our sustainability ambitions help support our mission to deliver the best vacation experiences responsibly. We recently released our 16th annual sustainability report which outlines the progress we are making on see the future, our vision to sustain the planet, energize communities and accelerate innovation. We are actively making progress towards our journey to net zero emissions, including double-digit carbon intensity reductions and we are now beyond the halfway mark.
 Alongside the sustainability report, we published our first Community Impact report, which delves into how we energize the communities we visit. It highlights long-term projects that inspire future generations and our dedication to empowering local entrepreneurs through business development and micro grant programs like the Royal Caribbean Kickstarter in the Bahamas.
 As we make progress, we also know achieving net zero can't be done alone. We'll need strong collaboration across the full marine ecosystem, including operators, suppliers, ports and technology providers.
 Our business continues to perform exceptionally well. I'm incredibly thankful and proud of the teams at the Royal Caribbean Group for showing up each and every day to dream and create the best vacation experiences for our guests, allowing us to perform while we transform.
 The future of the Royal Caribbean Group is exceptionally bright, and I couldn't be more excited about what's ahead.
 And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Naftali. Naf? 
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I will start by reviewing first quarter results, which were significantly above our expectations.
 Adjusted earnings per share were $1.77, 36% higher than the midpoint of our most recent guidance of $1.30. 45% of the outperformance or $0.21 was driven by better pricing for our vacation experiences with the remainder driven by favorable timing of operating expenses.
 We finished the quarter with a net yield increase of 19.3% compared to the first quarter of 2023, 385 basis points higher than the midpoint of our initial guidance in early February.
 While our load factor recovery was a contributor, most of our yield growth was driven by rates that were up by 14% versus 2023. 55% of their outperformance compared to our initial guidance was driven by ticket pricing with the remainder driven by ship board revenue strength.
 Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, increased 4.1% in constant currency, 315 basis points lower than our initial guidance. Favorable timing was the driver that contributed to the better-than-expected results.
 Adjusted EBITDA margin was 31% and operating cash flow was $1.3 billion.
 On our last earnings call, we discussed the record-breaking start to WAVE season and widespread strength in booking, pricing and onboard revenue. The consistent strength in demand for our brands has led to a further amplification and pricing well beyond the levels we were expecting.
 Bookings have been outpacing last year by a wide margin on a weekly basis despite having less inventory remaining for sale. As a result, we continue to be in a record book volume position and our booked per [indiscernible]  are now even further ahead of 2023 than they were as we entered the year.
 The Caribbean is our largest product group, representing just over 55% of our deployment this year. Overall, the Caribbean products remain in an extremely strong book position with new hardware and much higher pricing on existing ships contributing to strong yield growth for the product.
 Europe accounts for around 15% of our capacity for the full year and close to 25% during the summer. Despite the fact that we had to modify some of our Eastern Mediterranean sailings that were previously expected to call in Israel or sail through the Red Sea, our European itineraries have been performing very well. And we are currently booked nicely ahead of last year in both rate and volume.
 Regarding the situation in the Red Sea, we have rerouted a handful of spring repositioning cruises and we also have contingency plans for a few other sailings that may be impacted in the fall. All these are included in our revised guidance this morning, including the reduction in APCDs.
 We are all close to the start of our summer Alaska season. This product represents 6% of full year capacity and 15% in the summer season. We have upgraded our Alaska capacity this year for 2 of our brands. For the first time, Celebrity will offer incredible Alaska vacations on Edge-class ship, Celebrity Edge, and Silversea's new ship, Silver Nova, will also sail in Alaska.
 Alaska has been one of our strongest performing itineraries this year and remains in a record booked position.
 Asia Pacific itineraries will account for 10% of our capacity this year. Overall, our Asia and Australia itineraries continues to perform well, and we are in a strong book position for the upcoming winter season.
 Now let's turn to Slide 7 to talk about our increased guidance expectations for 2024. Our results remain ahead of expectations, and we now expect to meet all our Trifecta goals in 2024. Net yields are expected to be up 9% to 10% for the full year, 225 basis point increase from the midpoint of our prior guidance in mid-February. 40 basis points of the increase is due to exceptional first quarter results. The remainder is due to a significantly better business outlook for the rest of the year due to robust demand driving higher pricing and continued strength in onboard revenue.
 Now moving to costs. Full year net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up approximately 5.5%, and that includes 310 basis points impact from the increased dry dock days and the operations of Hideaway Beach.
 Our cost metric is up 150 basis points compared to our prior guidance with a 1/4 of the increase predominantly due to lower APCDs on canceled Red Sea sailings that skewed the metric. The remainder is driven by higher noncash stock-based compensation. Excluding those items, our costs are in line with our initial expectation and guidance.
 We anticipate a fuel expense of $1.18 billion for the year, and we are 61% hedged at below market rates.
 So based on current fuel prices, currency exchange rates and interest expense, we expect adjusted earnings per share between $10.70 and $10.90.
 I want to provide a little more color on the progress of our earnings guidance. As you can see on Page 5, we are increasing our earnings guidance by $0.80 for the year. That includes $0.10 headwind from fuel prices and currency exchange rates as well as $0.17 benefit from the refinancing we completed in the first quarter.
 After accounting for those changes, approximately 1/3 of the increase in earnings is attributable to first quarter business outperformance. That excludes $0.26 benefit from favorable timing, with the remainder 2/3 driven by better business outlook for the rest of the year.
 Now turning to Slide 8, I will discuss our second quarter guidance. We plan to operate 12.2 million APCDs during the second quarter. Net yields are expected to be up 10.2% to 10.7% compared to 2023. 2/3 of the yield increase are driven by new hardware and load factor catch-up, with the remainder 1/3 related to like-for-like pricing.
 Net cruise costs, excluding fuel are expected to be up 7.4% to 7.9% and includes costs related to increased dry dock days and the operations of Hideaway Beach as well as timing of costs shifted from the first quarter.
 During the second quarter, we will have 8.5x more dry dock days compared to the second quarter of last year, which is weighing on our cost metrics this quarter.
 Taking all this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the quarter to be $2.65 to $2.75.
 Turning to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in liquidity. We continue to make significant progress in strengthening the balance sheet and reaching our Trifecta goals of investment-grade metrics.
 During the first quarter, we refinanced $1.25 billion of our most expensive bonds with a new unsecured note at 6.25% that allowed us to save over 500 basis points or $56 million of annual interest expense while also realizing some savings in 2024. We will continue to proactively pay down debt and pursue opportunistic refinancing and expect to further reduce leverage to just below mid-3x by the end of 2024.
 Also in the first quarter, S&P upgraded our credit rating to BB+ with a stable outlook and Moody's upgraded the company's credit rating to BA2 with a positive outlook. We are very pleased with the rating agencies' acknowledgment of the strong trajectory of the business and our commitment to strengthening the balance sheet.
 Our priorities to address debt remain unchanged, managing debt maturities, reducing interest expense and removing remaining restrictions on capital allocation and towards a fully unsecured balance sheet.
 In closing, we remain committed and focused on executing our strategy and delivering our mission while achieving our Trifecta goals. Our strong book position and an accelerating demand environment positioned us for another strong year of yield growth and a step change in earnings growth.
 With that, I will ask our operator to open the call for a question-and-answer session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Steven Wieczynski with Stifel. 
Steven Wieczynski: Congratulations on the solid results and outlook. So Jason, you obviously gave a lot of color around how bookings are shaping up for the rest of this year. But look, if we think about bookings for next year, I'm sure that's where a lot of investor interest levels are going to go to pretty surely. So you're just wondering what kind of color you can give us for 2025 at this point. I'm wondering if the booking and pricing strength that you're seeing today is being transferred so far into 2025? 
Jason Liberty: Steve, thanks for the question. So one, I mean, all of our commentary around our bookings, the strength that we're seeing that not only relates to 2024, but also to 2025. And we're getting close to the point where we'll soon be taking more bookings for '25 than we are for 2024. And so when we look into the booking behavior, one, the booking window continues to extend. So guests are making their decisions much further out. 
 When we look at the repeat rates that are going on and the dreaming that our guests are doing to make sure that they're getting the vacation experience that they want, is really all leading to very, very strong demand trends for 2024 as well as 2025. And by the way, we're also taking bookings into 2026.
 And we're also seeing very strong booking behavior pre-cruise, and again, making sure that our guests are -- have the ability to get their first day of their vacation back by planning their onboard activities or shore excursion activities well in advance. And that's also not only helping our ability to yield manage on the onboard experience, but it's also improving the -- our customer deposits, which is also rising due to that.
 So all in all, things just continue to accelerate and the thirst or hunger for our brands and their experiences just continues to grow. And you see that not in just the booking behavior, but also all of our survey data around, what propensity to cruise, but also propensity to cruise with us. 
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then second question, probably a bigger picture question. But look, if I remember correctly, before the pandemic, you guys are always targeting, I think it was $20 a share in earnings by 2025. And look, obviously, you weren't prepared to give another long-term set of financial targets today. But I mean, look, if we start to think about your capacity yield cost algorithm, are we crazy to think that getting back to $20 even with the dilution and the higher interest cost that you guys took on during COVID, I mean, it seems like that's probably back on the horizon again. Are we kind of crazy to think that way? 
Jason Liberty: Well, I won't get into how crazy you are, Steve, because that could take the balance of the call. But I think as you pointed out, which I think is an important component is we have a business that has really strong operating leverage. And what we have talked about is our formula for success, which is moderate yield growth, which clearly we haven't seen this year. We don't see that last year. We've seen elevated yield growth.
 Moderate yield growth good cost control, moderately grow your business, bring on new destinations, drive -- really very -- I mean, tremendous earnings power. You think about a 1% change in our yields is $120 million this year. A 1% change in our cost is about half of that. So grow your yields faster than your costs, bring in really strong, high-yielding capacity that has great inventory mix. You bring in new destinations like we did this year with Hideaway, bringing it into the Beach Club in Nassau, bringing in the Beach Club in Mexico, et cetera.
 These are all things that are driving very high margins for us and is improving our return profile as well as our earning profile. And of course, none of that takes into account, I mean, Naf and team have done an exceptional job already on the balance sheet. There will be more opportunity to continue to lower the negative carry, and of course, we haven't -- none of this contemplates capital returns, which is one thing that we were doing pre-COVID.
 So it's something that we think as we look at, how do we continue to improve shareholder return, those are things that could also improve our earnings outlook is by considering the dilution that occurred and returning capital to shareholders. All of this are things in which we will begin to address once we get to our Trifecta goals, which, as you know, we describe as base camp. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Chaiken with Mizuho. 
Benjamin Chaiken: It sounds like demand is accelerating. It would be great to hear any color on demand for Paradise Island. And then I guess related, can you talk to about how you're differentiating the destinations from a marketing perspective of CocoCay, and then Paradise Island, Cozumel or maybe by ship class. Just any nuances you would call out? Like is this a CocoCay returning customer or a different person? 
Michael Bayley: Ben, it's Michael. I mean, when we think of the Beach Club portfolio that we're planning on developing along with Perfect Day, they're incredibly complementary destination experiences, and they fit really in the sweet spot of the -- of our demographics and really in terms of what our guests are seeking looking for when they go on a Caribbean cruise, they really knock it out of the park in terms of satisfying that demand, that need.
 So a very similar type of product, different vibe, Perfect Day is a full day for thrill and chill, and the Beach Club is, as you imagine, it's just an incredible day at the beach, which is what most gas is seeking in the Caribbean, and it's curated by Royal Caribbean. It's a stunning experience. And of course, it's very authentically connected to the culture. For example, in the Bahamas or Mexico, and it really is a huge demand driver.
 When we look at the demand that we've seen for Perfect Day, this year, we'll take 3.2 million guests to Perfect Day. Last year, it was 2.6 million. And it really is a demand driver. People want to sail on the ships, they go to Perfect Day and they want to sail on the ships, they go to the Beach Club. And I think it's proven to be incredibly successful.
 When you wrap that up with the kind of hardware we've introduced, for example, Icon, which has been an unbelievable success, I mean, beyond our wildest dreams success, and you add on Utopia, which is a brand-new Oasis-class ship, which was going straight into the short product market out of Port Canaveral, the demand we've seen for, for example, Utopia sailing to Perfect Day has been extraordinary.
 So we think we've got the formula figured out, and our plan is to continue to evolve and develop that formula over the coming years. 
Jason Liberty: Yes. And Ben, I just want to add -- I had it in my remarks. I think one of the incredible things that we're seeing out of destinations like Perfect Day, and we'll see this in the world of Beach Club in Nassau, is how it's drawing in new-to-cruise and millennials. So my comment that 1 and 2 of our guests -- 1 out of 2 of our guests are millennial or younger. To me, it's a very powerful statement.
 The increase, we have an 11-point increase in new-to-cruise. And so -- and what we know is when they sail with us, they're 5x more likely to sail with us again. And the repeat rates that we're seeing are exceptional. And it's a lot because not only we are bringing that full incredible experience that our crew delivers on our ships, but we're enhancing the experience in the destinations. And I think that combination where Michael and his team have really been dreaming and innovating and delivery on Perfect Day and how -- there's 25,000 guests a day that come into Nassau. And we're going to take some of those guests, and we're going to bring them over to the Beach Club, which is great economically for us as well as it is for the Bahamas and deliver an incredible experience that's going to drive probably 90-plus NPS scores. And that's what people are seeking. They want those experiences that they can walk away from. And it's attracting a high level of demand. 
Michael Bayley: Ben, not to continue on this, but to add to Jason's comments, Utopia is not by accident, Utopia is sailing out of Port Canaveral. It will be going to Perfect Day, it really is another product that's squarely in this competitive space of land-based vacations, and we're seeing huge demand coming for this product. And you think about the combination of a 3-, 4-day product like Utopia going to Perfect Day, and then in '25, it will go to Perfect Day and the Beach Club that's really a phenomenal game changer, and it really is drawing in a huge amount of new-to-cruise and it's beautifully positioned in Canaveral right -- fundamentally in Orlando. 
Benjamin Chaiken: Got it. And just a very quick follow-up on Paradise. I think, Jason, you mentioned 25,000 guests to Nassau. Am I interpreting that correct that this could be a kind of like a revenue generated for not just your cruise guests, but also other people who were going to Nassau or [indiscernible] ? 
Jason Liberty: No. No, it's primarily for the Royal Caribbean brand. Our other brands will be have access to it, but the broader cruise market would not have access to the Beach Club. 
Michael Bayley: But the beautiful thing is that the Royal Beach Club in Paradise Island is positioned pretty much at the entrance to Nassau. I think the point is, is that on a given day, there's 25,000 to 30,000 cruise guests coming in on multiple different cruise brands. And of course, when they sail into Nassau, the only thing they're going to see is the Royal Caribbean Royal Beach Club, which is going to be absolutely stunning. And they will be unbelievably jealous knowing that they can't go there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Boss: And congrats on another nice quarter. 
Jason Liberty: Thank you. 
Matthew Boss: So Jason, coming off strongest WAVE season in history, could you elaborate on the continued near-term strength you have cited in April, both from demand and pricing, maybe if anything, by region. And to your comments earlier, how best to think about your market share opportunity in this $1.9 trillion growing global vacation market? And then just for Naftali, just as we think about the underlying guidance rate, where are you more confident today as we think about the back half, maybe relative to 3 months ago? 
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, thanks for the question, Matt. First off, I think just -- I mean, WAVE was absolutely exceptional. It was -- it's kind of mid-teens better than what we saw in the previous year. Interesting enough, though, April was almost double that in terms of the level of demand that we were seeing. So that's why when I talk about demand is accelerating, it's not just what we saw when we last spoke to everybody in early February. It's not just when we updated at the end of February. But that acceleration has picked up the speed. And of course, at this point, we only have about 12% load factors left to build for the year. And so that will provide opportunity for us to a degree this year. But what that, I think, means in terms of the opportunity into 2025 and beyond is very appealing.
 I think when you frame that -- the $1.9 trillion travel space. And of course, that's a growing number. Cruise is $65 billion of that $1.9 trillion. So we're a very, very small fraction. And I think something we've talked about before, is a 1% shift is worth 11 Oasis-class ships to us. And so for us, when you look at things like Perfect Day, when you look at things like the Royal Beach Club, when you look at things like Utopia, when you look at things like what we're doing on Edge and Nova, it's very purposeful, less about what's happening with other cruise operators. It's more how do we take further share? How do we compete with Orlando? How do we compete with Las Vegas, how do we compete with other land-based alternatives to grab that share where as we know today, currently trades at least at a 25% or 30% premium to what we're getting.
 So that value -- we want to close that gap to land-based vacation, and we want to take share. And we believe by waking up and being just obsessed at delivering the best vacation experiences in the world puts us in a position to win. 
Naftali Holtz: Matt, it's Naf. Just to add one other thing to Jason, also if you kind of look at '19 versus we are today, we have been taking share again. You don't have to believe much. And as Jason said, 1% is 11 Oasis-class ships, that's it's a pretty significant rise. But we've continued to focus on it and make progress there.
 I think just in terms of the strength that you kind of heard in our prepared remarks, the strength is across all our key itineraries. And of course, the Caribbean continues to be performing very well, but as much as others, Alaska, Europe and obviously we're coming back to China. So we feel pretty good of where we are standing today with our book position, where the pricing is for the rest of the year. 
Matthew Boss: Congrats. Best of luck. 
Jason Liberty: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia: I think on the last call, you had talked about 80% of passengers being North American this year. I'm just wondering if there's any update on that, if there's any change. And then as we think about next year, kind of where would you expect North America to go? It's kind of been unusually large the last few years, and if we see kind of China or Europe ramp-up in the passenger base? How do we think about that impact on onboard revenue? 
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, thanks for the question, Sharon. I hope you're doing well. So I think just starting off, we need to just to frame that we have global brands, not nationalistic brands, and these global brands are supported by a very significant commercial apparatus with leading yield management tools and teams around the world. And so the sourcing is really a reflection of the demand patterns that we see to optimize our ultimate revenue. 
 More China next year as we add that second ship into China, we'll -- can move this number a little bit to be less North American-centric. But we're going to follow the demand patterns. And that is how we've done it for a very, very long period of time. And of course, that could potentially shift the mix of onboard in ticket. I don't think it's going to materially shift it because I do think that we'll probably be relatively close to the sourcing that we saw this year. Maybe it moves a little bit, but it's not going to move a lot.
 But we're focused on optimizing our revenue. And so if we're getting more in ticket from a customer than a little bit less on onboard, we're perfectly okay with that as long as the answer is higher yield profile and higher margin profile for us. And that's how we've run the business for a very long time. And I think we're very fortunate to have thought long time ago to make sure that our brands are positioned to be globally desirable and sourcing from many different markets. 
Sharon Zackfia: Jason, can I ask a follow-up? The 1 out of 2 passengers being millennials at this point. Do you find that, that customer is more inclined to pre-book onboard versus kind of their elders like me? Or is it -- are you seeing pre-booking success kind of across the demographic gamut? 
Jason Liberty: I mean, it skews a little bit younger, but I think Sharon, one, if we can pick any positiveness out of COVID, was that the consumer, a young or middle aged, et cetera, got very used to booking and buying things online. We also really improved our ability to take friction out of the booking experience for ticket price as well as the booking experience for onboard by curating, taking a lot of steps out of the process, et cetera. And that's really what is driving that better behavior. The installation of a proper commerce system that we can yield manage, that we can curate. We're still very in the early innings on is really what's benefiting that.
 And you just think about just shopping behavior. In the first quarter, we had 100 million visits to our websites, 100 million. That's twice what we had pre-COVID. And so we have really upped our game, not just on a marketing basis but also to make that -- our websites helped our customers dream about what they want to do and help them get to the experience that they're looking for and then making sure that they have all the onboard experiences that they want to have and being able to resolve all that well in advance of them getting on the ship. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays. 
Brandt Montour: So maybe for Michael, China restarted this month, I was wondering if you could give us maybe even qualitatively a sense of sort of initial load factors, initial pricing or initial expected onboard spend. Obviously, you can't give us that specifically, but just sort of better or worse than you were forecasting. And clearly, the follow-up is you decided to take Ovation there next year. That's obviously a good sign. But why Ovation, I think that comes out of Alaska and Australia, why that ship and why not a ship necessarily out of the Caribbean or somewhere else? 
Michael Bayley: Brandt, yes, good question. I think the fact that we've already deployed a second ship into the China market gives you an indication of how well the first ship is doing in the China market. So we're pleased with Spectrum bookings. Our comparison, of course, is back in 2019, which we've used a lot over the last couple of years. 
 Overall, volume and rate for the China product in '24 is significantly higher in both volume and rate from '19, which is a great indicator of the kind of demand that we're seeing for the product. And we feel good about '24, going into '25. That's why we've got the second ship, both Quantum class. Both have done very well in the China market. They seem to be really well suited for that market. And of course, Ovation both in Alaska and Australia is perfectly suited for the China market in terms of its geographical positioning. One will be in Tianjin, which we've operated out of many years before the pandemic and of course, Shanghai, both great markets for us.
 The onboard spend, obviously, it's only the couple of days into the season. But it's looking really positive. We have high expectations, and I think they're going to be realized. The other thing that's changed quite a lot in terms of the market dynamics in China is the change in our direct business versus the traditional trade business. There was quite a transformation during the pandemic in terms of a lot of the retailers that dropped out of the business.
 Fortunately, pre-pandemic, we started to invest significantly in resources, technology, people to develop that direct business, and we continue through the pandemic, and we've accelerated when we came out of the pandemic, and it's proving to be very productive for us.
 So overall, our distribution strategy is proving to be successful. Demand seems very, very strong. Of course, Korea opened up, which is great. So that gives us a better itinerary product to offer to our guests. And we're feeling good about how this will play out. Of course, we've been in China for a decade before. So we've all been through the ups and downs, but currently, it's looking pretty positive. 
Brandt Montour: Okay. That's really helpful. And then maybe one for Naf. The higher guidance for the year helps bring credit metrics, at least in our model, perhaps a little closer to IG, perhaps a little earlier than we had before. And so I guess, maybe it's worth you refreshing us on what you think the Board needs to see to reestablish capital returns? And if today's report maybe help that picture at all. 
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So just on the balance sheet. So you're right. Obviously, with the acceleration of performance, we're focused on basically 3 things, right? We're focused on reducing leverage. And I said in my prepared remarks, we will -- we expect to get to below the 3.5x leverage by the end of the year. So that's very positive. Obviously, we continue to pay down debt. EBITDA increases are helping with that leverage. So we're feeling pretty good about that. 
 And then reducing cost of capital, you saw us take an action this quarter, reducing on one bond more than 500 basis points or almost $60 million of annual interest expense. And we'll continue to find those opportunities to lower the cost of capital and use both cash and opportunistic refinancings. I think there's much more to do there.
 And lastly, it's just an unsecured balance sheet. We want to get back that capacity on the balance sheet like we had pre-COVID, and we basically have 3 bonds left that if we pay them back or we refinance them, the whole structure collapses, and we're back to unsecured balance sheet. So that's our focus. We'll continue to execute on that. Our focus is on metrics, not ratings. We were very pleased with the upgrades that we got from the rating agencies, but our focus is getting to the balance sheet. 
Jason Liberty: No, I was just going to say, obviously, you're getting to base camp and getting to those metrics as an important line for us and as well as for our Board in terms of consideration of capital returns. But I would just point to that pre-COVID, we certainly -- that was very much part of our formula was having a competitive dividend and also buying back shares opportunistically. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley: One clarification on your really excellent guidance. It sounded like you were suggesting that there were some fall Red Sea cruises that are still on your schedule. But did I understand your comment to mean that if they were to change, that's already factored into your guidance. So if we see that -- see any changes in those, it wouldn't change your guidance? I just want to make sure I understood that part of your commentary, right? 
Michael Bayley: Yes, Robin. That's correct. 
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. And then just my other question is on capacity and capacity growth. And you mentioned that moderate capacity growth has been your goal. Others out there -- some have been more aggressive lately with ordering ships out into the future. And I wonder if you could just give us your thoughts on whether you feel that, that changes anything with availability of slots at shipyards? Or if that changes in any way what you have been thinking about capacity or would think about needing to do in the future? 
Jason Liberty: Sure. Robin, so first, I think it's important that when we talk about our order book, these are ships that are actually on order. We're not talking about options. We're not talking about slot reservations. We're talking about things on order. And of course, we don't have any orders going out to, I think, 2035 or 2036 at this point in time. What we do subscribe to is that we are -- we believe that we are in the right -- that we are in segments that have a lot of growth potential to them. We believe we have the right brands in those segments. And we believe that we should be moderately growing our brands over time.
 And so that's kind of what we're committed to. And I think we feel very good not only about our current order book and about the potential of that order book to grow moderately, but also our access to build those ships over an extended period of time. So it's -- I think we feel very good about it all around. And I think we're showing that the investments we're making in our brands or at the investments we're making in the destinations are yielding very high returns for our shareholders and continuing to expand our margins. 
Robin Farley: I guess maybe to clarify, do you feel that you would need to order ships more than 5 years in advance in the current environment? Or is that sort of 5 to 6 years out? 
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think it depends on the circumstances. We've ordered -- I mean, Icon was being designed and in terms of obviously, COVID delayed some of those orders. But somewhere typically in that kind of 5- to 6-year range is where you make those orders. But keep in mind, and that's what I think my comment is, is that doesn't mean you don't have options and you don't have slot reservations and so forth that you could also -- which is why we typically order in that kind of 5- to 6-year type of range. We don't announce things unless they are fully contracted, and we know the price and we have the financing in place. 
Naftali Holtz: We have time for one more question. 
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research. 
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Earlier in the call, there was some commentary on loyalty. And I just wanted to get your sense for what you're seeing within that across your brands and varying products. What you see in terms of overlap of customers? And then maybe finally, within that, have you ever thought about getting into river cruising, thoughts on that segment of the market? And is there much overlap with your current customer base? 
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, first, just to kind of build off of what I had said earlier is we have been very thoughtful about having the right brands in the right segments. And we have done such an incredible job at delivering a vacation of a lifetime. And we're focused on making sure we're set up to deliver a lifetime of vacations. And our guests, there is overlap between Royal and Celebrity and Royal and Silversea and vice versa, because you could have a set of grandparents on Silversea that next month are going on a cruise with their kids and grandkids on the Royal Caribbean brand. That happens all the time.
 And our ultimate -- one of our ultimate goals here is to make sure that we keep our customer in our ecosystem. And so we do that whether that's through awareness of our brands, whether that's through loyalty programs, whether that's through cross-selling, et cetera. And those are things that we have an opportunity to get better and better at, especially as our travel platform technology-wise is more flexible.
 The comment on river or other experiences, we're always evaluating opportunities. River is an area where we do see some overlap, not a lot of overlap, but we do see some overlap occurring. And that could be something that we would consider at some point in the future. But at this point in time, we're very focused on excelling in our core, growing our core and also further building out our destination platform. All of that, as we're clearly seeing is working to deliver a very high ROIC profile and producing strong shareholder returns. 
Operator: I will now turn the conference back over to Naftali Holtz, CFO, for closing remarks. 
Naftali Holtz: Well, thank you all for your participation and interest. Michael will be available for any follow-up. We wish you all a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Royal Caribbean Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Michael McCarthy, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael McCarthy: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bailey, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International. Before we get started, I’d like to note that we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our Investor Relations website and in our earnings release. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency adjusted basis. Jason will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow with a recap of our fourth quarter, the full year 2023, an update on the current booking environment and our outlook for 2024. We will then open the call for your questions. With that, I’m pleased to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Michael, and good morning everyone. Before getting into the details, I would like to take a moment to reflect on last week's monumental launch of our new ship Icon of the Seas. Every once in a while a revolutionary product comes along that resonates so strongly and makes such a widespread impact, that it forever changes the status quo. For the vacation industry, that product, Icon of the Seas, debuted last week to incredible fanfare. Our mission at the Royal Caribbean Group is to deliver the best vacation experiences responsibly and Icon is going to deliver the best family vacation on the planet with her incredible experiences and amazing crew. I am absolutely thrilled that after years of planning and anticipation, Icon finally welcomed her first revenue guests on board this past weekend. With a phenomenal guest engagement and word of mouth from this ship, along with our landmark sports partnership with Inter Miami and football GOAT, Lionel Messi, we look forward to making millions of vacation memories for our guests in the years ahead. A big thank you to our incredible team, who worked relentlessly over seven years dreaming, innovating and flawlessly delivering Icon of the Seas. So now let's talk about 2023 and 2024. 2023 was an exceptional year fueled by unmatched demand for our brands as you see on Slide 5. Net yields were up 13.5% compared to 2019, more than 3.5 times our January expectations, and we delivered margins that were back to record 2019 levels. Our net income exceeded our January expectations by about $1 billion, resulting in adjusted earnings per share more than double our January guidance. We continued our focus on reshaping the cost structure across the operating platform, leading the durable margin expansion, which is expected to continue to provide operating leverage as we grow the business. Innovation is core to our company's DNA, and in 2023 we continue to direct that innovative spirit not only to our new ships and destinations, but also to an amazing guest experience at all points in the vacation journey. We received exceptionally high guest satisfaction scores and attracted a record number of both new and loyal guests who are rebooking at twice the rate we were seeing in 2019. The robust performance in 2023 significantly accelerated our trajectory towards our Trifecta goals, with EBITDA per APCD and ROIC on the cusp of our targets. We also continued to invest in the future while making significant progress in strengthening the balance sheet towards our targets of investment grade metrics. The year ended on an incredible note, with revenue yields up nearly 18% in the fourth quarter, and 2024 is in the strongest book position in the company's history from both a pricing and volume standpoint. I am incredibly thankful and proud of everyone at the Royal Caribbean Group for executing so well and doing so while achieving strong financial results and propelling our future growth. Momentum continues in 2024 with a record breaking start to the Wave season. Bookings have consistently outpaced last year across all key products at much higher rates. In fact, the five highest booking weeks in our company's history all occurred since the last earnings call. As a result, our capacity is up 8.5% year-over-year. We have less inventory available to book in 2024 than we did a year ago for 2023 and half as many staterooms left in Q1. Our commercial apparatus is full speed ahead and all channels are delivering quality demand above 2023 levels. Our direct-to-consumer channels continue to perform exceptionally well as consumer preferences for digital engagement and our ongoing investment in enhanced capabilities is supporting record breaking bookings. Our travel partners are also delivering meaningfully more bookings than last year and beating our elevated expectations. We continue to see particularly healthy demand from North America where about 80% of our guests will be sourced this year. Our brand's global appeal and nimble sourcing model allows us to attract the highest yielding guests by positioning our ships in multiple markets across the world. Our brands lead in their respective segments and are very successful at capturing quality demand across sectors and sourcing from new consumer bases. As we think about consumer demand for 2024 and beyond, we look to both macro trends and data points for millions of daily interactions with our customers. We continue to see a very positive sentiment from our customers, bolstered by strong labor markets, high wages, surplus savings and elevated wealth levels. Year-over-year growth in spend on experiences is double that of spend on goods, and cruising remains an exceptional value proposition with lower penetration, higher consumer consideration and high purchase intent. We see an exceptionally engaged consumer base across markets, brands and products. People are looking to book their dream vacation with us and continue to spend at elevated levels. Consumers are engaging in booking their vacations earlier. 70% book at least one of their onboard activities, pre-cruise at higher APDs and onboard spend continues at record levels and at higher rates. This positions us very well to outperform the broader travel industry and narrow the pricing gap to land based vacations. We continue to attract new customers into our vacation ecosystem and deliver the best vacation experiences, so that our guests are highly satisfied and continue to rebook and return to our brands and our products. 2024 is shaping up to be a record breaking year with 40% earnings growth as our progress continues on an accelerated path towards achieving our Trifecta goals. As you can see in our release today, we expect to achieve several Trifecta targets in 2024, a full year earlier than previously anticipated. As I said in the past, Trifecta creates the pathway back to what we internally describe as base camp and while an important milestone, it is not our final destination as our ambitions go well beyond it. As highlighted on Slide 6, in 2024 we expect to grow capacity by 8.5% with the introduction of Utopia of the Seas and Silver Ray and the first full year of service of the three incredible ships that joined our fleet during 2023, Icon of the Seas, Celebrity Ascent and Silver Nova. New ships not only elevate our vacation experiences and draw new customers to our brands, but they also provide yield tailwinds and enhance overall profitability. In 2024, we expect yields to grow 5.25% to 7.25%, driven by the performance of our entire fleet, new and existing ships, combined with our leading private destinations and strong commercial apparatus. Load factors and rate growth, together with continued focus on margins and disciplined capital allocation, are expected to drive record earnings that grow 40% year-over-year, getting us very close to our Trifecta targets. Our proven formula for success remains unchanged. Moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost controls lead to enhanced margins, profitability and superior financial performance. Our operating platform is bigger and stronger than ever. We have the leading brands in their respective segments, the best people and the best and most innovative fleet and destinations. We remain intensely focused on delivering a lifetime of vacations for our guests and a long-term value for our shareholders. We are leading the vacation industry and creating exciting new products and experiences, which in 2024 include game-changing ships and the expansion of our highly rated destination, Perfect Day at CocoCay. Our new ships are performing exceptionally well and while we always expect to see strong trends when we introduce new ships, Icon of the Seas is definitely living up to her name and has taken things to a whole new level in every way. Demand and pricing for Icon has been incredibly strong. This year we are also thrilled to take delivery of the sixth Oasis class ship Utopia of the Seas, which will set the stage for the ultimate weekend getaway. Lastly, we will take delivery of Silver Ray, the second ship in the evolution class, redefining ultra-luxury cruising. Silver Ray will debut in the Mediterranean this summer before transitioning to winter season in South America. New ships and their incredible innovative experiences further accelerate our efforts to steal market share from land based vacations. We completed the expansion of Hideaway Beach at Perfect Day at CocoCay just in time to welcome Icon of the Seas, upsizing the benefit of this strategic asset. Hideaway Beach is our newest adult-only ultimate beachfront paradise at Perfect Day at CocoCay, which expands our capacity on the island to over 3 million guests annually. About two thirds of Royal Caribbean International Caribbean guests will visit Perfect Day at CocoCay this year, allowing us to deliver high satisfaction scores and higher margins across the fleet. Our journey to deepen the relationship with the customer continues this year. We will further enhance our commercial capabilities to optimize our distribution channels, build even more customer loyalty and lower our acquisition costs. The outsized increase in our onboard revenue over the past couple of years has been fueled by new capabilities introduced to make it easier for guests to pre book onboard experiences. We will continue to enhance those capabilities in 2024. About a third of onboard purchases are now coming through the mobile app and we already have about 40% more pre-cruise revenue booked in 2024 as compared to 2023. As a reminder, customers who purchase onboard experiences before their cruise, spend about two and a half times more than those who do not buy pre-cruise. We will remove friction by investing in a modern digital travel platform, making it easier than ever for guests to book their dream vacations while allowing us to expand wallet share. We will also continue driving business excellence to increase yields and capture efficiencies across our platform. Our teams are committed to controlling costs and enhancing profitability while focusing on delivering the best guest experiences and doing so in a responsible way. Our sustainability ambitions help inform our strategic and financial decisions daily, ensuring that we always act responsibly while achieving our long-term profitability goals. We are making progress on our "see the future commitment" to sustain the planet, energize communities and accelerate innovation. We wrapped the year on track to achieve our carbon intensity reduction targets and we are entering 2024 well beyond the halfway mark.
Celebrity Xcel: To wrap up, the future of the Royal Caribbean Group is exceptionally bright. With our strong operating platform and proven strategies, we are creating a lifetime of vacation experiences for our customers, while also delivering long-term shareholder value that allows us to reach new financial records. We are well positioned for continued growth in 2024 and beyond. And with that, I'll turn it over to Naftali. Naf?
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Jason and good morning everyone. Let me start by reviewing the fourth quarter results. Our teams delivered yet another strong performance with adjusted earnings per share of $1.25 about 15% higher than the midpoint of our October guidance. All key products exceeded expectations, delivering double digit yield growth in the fourth quarter. Net yields were up almost 18% compared to 2019, and that would have been 20% if not for the 200 basis point drag from eliminating the reporting lag related to Silver Sea. Load factors were at 105% and rates were up approximately 19% with significant growth for both ticket and onboard revenue. Net cruise costs excluding fuel, increased 6.7% compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Since our last earnings call, the stock price appreciated over 50% and added 250 basis points to stock based compensation expense versus our prior guidance. Excluding the increase in stock based compensation, our costs came in in line with expectations. Our focus on enhancing profitability allowed us to deliver 30% adjusted EBITDA margin in the fourth quarter ahead of 2019 levels. We also utilized excess cash flow to pay down debt and lower interest expense consistent with our Trifecta goals.
NCCx: Now, switching to our 2024 outlook, I will start by taking you through capacity and deployment for the year. For the full year, our capacity is expected to be up 8.5% compared to 2023. This year we have almost twice as many drydock days compared to 2023, reducing APCD growth by 1% and resulting in a more pronounced capacity growth in the first and third quarter. APCDs are expected to grow around 10% in the first and third quarter, 5% in the second quarter and 8% in the fourth quarter. 2024 has consistently been in a strong booked position and as Jason mentioned, the year is off to a very strong start with a record Wave. As a result, both rates and volume are currently booked significantly ahead of same time last year. All key products, including the Caribbean, Europe, Alaska and Australia are booked nicely ahead of last year. The Caribbean represents just over 55% of our deployment this year following a 13% increase in capacity year-over-year. The growth is due to the additions of Icon of the seas and Utopia of the Seas combined with Celebrity's upsized summer program. Supporting this increase in capacity is the addition of Hideaway Beach at Perfect Day at CocoCay. Our Caribbean programs are booked nicely ahead of last year in both rate and volume. While bookings and pricing for Icon can only be described as iconic and Utopia is demanding significant price premiums in the short Caribbean market, we are also very pleased with the trends we are seeing on existing hardware. Europe accounts for around 15% of our capacity following a 7% reduction year-over-year. At the time of our last earnings call, we were in the process of altering itineraries for European Mediterranean sailings that were previously expected to visit Israel, and we have since redeployed all ships with calls to Israel. Regarding the situation in the Red Sea, the safety of our guests and crew is of top priority and we are constantly monitoring the situation. We only have a handful of repositioning cruises scheduled in the region this year and have already rerouted one of our Silver Sea ships and have contingency plans for a couple others in the spring. Regarding demand for Europe product more broadly, bookings were softer for the impacted itineraries for a few weeks last October, but rebounded relatively quickly and are now significantly higher than same time last year. As a result, our European sailings are booked nicely ahead of last year. We are also very pleased with the trends we are seeing on other North American itineraries. Alaska has been performing particularly well from both a rate and volume standpoint. Alaska accounts for 6% of full year capacity and 15% in the all-important summer season. While our capacity for Alaska is only up slightly this year, we have made some exciting changes to our Alaska deployment. For the first time, Celebrity will offer incredible Alaska vacations on an edge class ship, Celebrity Edge and Silver Sea's newest ship, Silver Nova will also sail in Alaska. Asia-Pacific will account for 10% of our capacity. We are seeing strong pricing and demand trends for both Asia and China as we return to China with Spectrum of the Seas in the second quarter. Taking all this into account, if you turn to Slide 7, you will see our guidance for 2024. This will be the second full year on our path towards our Trifecta goals and our results remain ahead of track. Net yields are expected to be up 5.25% to 7.25%, and that's following an exceptional 2023 that saw double digit yield growth that only accelerated as the year progressed. While the 2023 comparable set a high bar, full year yield growth is being fueled by our incredible new hardware, higher load factors, higher pricing, the expansion of Perfect Day at CocoCay and further advancements in our commercial capabilities. Now moving to costs, our focus remains to enhance margins as we continue to grow the business. Full year net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up 3.75% to 4.25% and that includes approximately 315 basis points impact from increased drydock days and the operations of Hideaway Beach. The majority of our drydocks are in late first quarter and early second quarter, which will mostly weigh on our first half costs. The remaining drydocks will be in the fourth quarter. We anticipate a fuel expense of $1.16 billion for the year and we are 61% hedged at below market rates. This year we'll also see the introduction of the EU emission tax scheme which will apply to 40% of our European itineraries related emissions and we do not expect this to significantly weigh on earnings. Based on current fuel prices, currency exchange rates and interest expense, we expect record adjusted earnings per share between $9.50 and $9.70. Turning to first quarter guidance as summarized on Slide 8, in the first quarter, about 73% of our capacity will be in the Caribbean, 18% in Asia-Pacific, and the remaining capacity is spread across a number of other itineraries, including South America and expedition cruises. Booked load factors and rates are at record levels and are both up significantly versus same time last year. As you can see from our guidance, we expect significant yield growth for the first quarter, driven by full load factor recovery and the annualization of the strong pricing trends which begin at the end of the first quarter of 2023. Net yields are expected to be up approximately 15% for the first quarter, with both Caribbean and Australian itineraries driving the growth in yield. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up in the range of 7.1% to 7.6% and include 380 basis points impact from increased drydocks and costs related to operating Hideaway Beach. We also have approximately 200 basis points of costs in the first quarter related to the startup of Icon as well as higher load factors as compared to Q1 2023. Taking all this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the quarter to be $1.10 to $1.20. Turning to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $3.1 billion in liquidity. During the fourth quarter, we refinanced our revolving credit facilities and term loan and repaid the remaining $500 million of our 11.5 senior secured notes. We settled our 2.875% convertible notes in November by utilizing $225 million of cash and issuing just under 147,000 shares. We made significant progress during 2023, strengthening the balance sheet towards our Trifecta goal of investment grade metrics. Better performance and disciplined capital allocation allowed us to accelerate reduction in leverage to around 4 times total debt to adjusted EBITDA at yearend when excluding the impact of new ships that were delivered midyear. We will continue to proactively pay down debt and pursue opportunistic refinancings and expect to further reduce leverage to close to mid-3 times by the end of 2024. Our priorities to address debt remained unchanged, managing debt maturities, reducing interest expense and removing remaining restriction on capital allocation, and towards a fully unsecured balance sheet. In closing, we remain committed and focused on executing our strategy and delivering on our mission while achieving our Trifecta goals. Trifecta creates the pathway back to basecamp and while an important milestone is not our final destination, as our ambitions go well beyond it. The combination of our strong book position and an accelerating demand environment is certainly pointing to another strong year of yield growth and a step change in earnings growth. With that, I will ask our operator to open the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steven Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steven Wieczynski: Yes. Hey guys, good morning and congratulations on a strong 2023 and the launch of Icon. So, as we think about your guidance for this year, specifically thinking about yields, just wondering if you could break down that yield guidance a little bit for us? Essentially, just trying to figure out what you guys have included in there in terms of things like core pricing, your occupancy ramp. Obviously you've got new hardware in CocoCay as well and then maybe how you're thinking about onboard yields this year? And then finally there, maybe help us think about the cadence of yields for this year, as this guide might make some believe there's a potential for slowing in the back half of the year. But I would assume that's just more lack of visibility and tougher comps with load factors.
Jason Liberty: Well, thanks, Steve, and good morning, everybody. I think you pointed to a lot of things there. So first, obviously 2023 was an incredibly strong year on both a ticket and onboard standpoint. Q1 the strong yield, as Naf commented, is driven by having a kind of full period with the pricing that we saw in the ramp up starting in the middle of the first quarter of last year, and then the recovery of the load factor. There is nothing that we see in the booking environment or onboard spend that doesn't point towards acceleration. And so our formula for success, which is moderate yield growth and good cost control, is very much how we see Q2 forward. But when we look at things, whether it's the new hardware, whether it's like for like, whether it's onboard spend, all those things are pointing north on a positive basis in terms of what we're seeing in the booking environment. And I think there shouldn't be any concern at this point in terms of what we see that there's any slowdown occurring in our business Q2 forward.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, got you. Thanks for that. That makes sense. And then, Jason, as we think about your Trifecta goals, you're essentially knocking off two of those goals this year with a strong possibility that your third Trifecta goal of getting north of $10 a share in earnings is probably a very high probability based on what we're seeing right now, based on what you're seeing right now. So, Jason, I know you talk about Trifecta being what you call base camp, but I guess the question is really, where do you guys go from here? I mean, if Trifecta goals are indeed base camp, do you start to think about introducing at some point something that moves you well beyond base camp? And then maybe help us think about the return to investment grade and how you and your agency partners are thinking about that timeline as well? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Well, I'll let Naf take the investment grade question. We are an organization I think that does really well with kind of two, three year targets. And we can see that, obviously here when we consider Trifecta, getting the hearts and minds of our organization, really focusing on delivering strong returns for our shareholders, and also an incredible guest experience, while also lightening our impact on the planet. All these things are so heavily into consideration of what we do each and every day. As we get closer to achieving Trifecta, we will evaluate what's the next program, financial performance program that we're going to put out there that we think is important, not just to make sure management is focused on what it is we're looking to achieve, but also to make sure everybody understands where we're navigating, too. But if you just run the math on moderate yield growth, good cost control, while we moderately grow our business, while continuing to invest in destinations and so forth, that math will tell you that we will be in a very strong financial performance on an earnings basis, ROIC basis, as well as a margin basis. And all those things, I think are really important as we consider how disciplined we have been on capital. And also we'll be in the consideration set as we think about returning capital to shareholders as we zero in on getting to investment grade metrics. But I'll hold here for Naf to talk about investment grades.
Naftali Holtz: Thanks, Jason. Hey, Steve. So on the balance sheet, part of Trifecta is getting back to investment grade metrics, and we've really focused on that. And as you could see, what we've announced for the results in 2023, we made significant progress in that direction. We lowered our cost of capital. We repaid roughly $4 billion of debt with excess cash flow, because as we saw the performance accelerate, our formula of just being disciplined around the capital allocation allowed us to pay down debt faster than we thought and we'll continue to do that this year. And in my remarks, I said that we'll be very close to the leverage levels that we have in the targets. In addition to that, we also want to unsecure the balance sheet and that will come as some of the notes that we've had to issue, either secured or guaranteed, have the opportunity to refinance those or pay them down. With regards to the rating agencies, we're very close contact with the rating agencies. We were very pleased with the credit upgrades, that rating upgrades that we had last year. We are focused on making sure that we have the balance sheet we are comfortable operating under and that's really what the goals are and then we'll continue to be in close contact with the agencies as we make progress on that. But we're not focused necessarily on the ratings, really on the metrics there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. I wanted to ask, you alluded to potential changes with some of the itineraries in the Red Sea. Is it fair to say that your guidance stay, your EPS guidance for 2024, already includes what you think you may have to do in terms of rerouting anything that would be transiting there. I don't know if you can help us quantify what -- if there's downside that's already baked into your EPS guidance for that? And then I do have a follow up, but I'll start with that one. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Yes, well, thanks for the Robin. And I think just as we talk about how we guide, our guidance does not plan for perfection. And so when we consider things like the Red Sea and there are things that come up from time to time within the course of the year, we very much kind of take those kind of things into account. And so I don't think, we think the handful of sailings that will sail through or expected to sail through the Suez is something that's going to impact our guidance at this point in time. And I think that's how we just generally set up our guidance to not plan for perfection.
Robin Farley: Okay, perfect. Thank you. And then I don't know if you have any initial thoughts on potential tax changes, the global minimum tax, and how that might impact you, given your incorporation and your itineraries, and kind of anything that you may be able to do to mitigate that? Thank you.
Naftali Holtz: Hey, Robin. So, yes, the global minimum tax is obviously out there, and it's been there for quite some time. If we -- so we continue to evaluate it, and if we do nothing, that doesn't really impact us until 2026, so I think that's important. And of course, we believe that we can do with some mitigations, mitigate majority of that impact, so that's kind of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please go ahead. Hi, Brandt, please check to see if your line is on mute.
Brandt Montour: Can you hear me?
Operator: We can.
Jason Liberty: Hey Brandt.
Brandt Montour: Okay, great. Sorry about that, guys. Congrats on the results this morning, and thanks for taking my questions. So, the first one is, given the European slowdown in bookings that you saw in sort of November, which is great to hear that that came back. But taking into account the seasonality of Europe and thinking about yields for the back half or sort of for the balance of this year, that's baked into your full year guide, is it fair to assume that the yield growth cadence for the balance of the year will sort of correlate with the quarters that are strongest in the Caribbean? Right? Given you have Hideaway Beach and Icon sailing there, just anything else you can help us to think about how that cadence will progress?
Jason Liberty: Well, we're very happy that the demand for Europe came back and we saw this acceleration soon after our last call. I really don't think anybody should be reading into any concern around Q2 going forward in terms of any kind of slowdown. We're seeing acceleration in pricing and volumes from all of our key markets for all of our key deployments. And obviously the first quarter is higher because of what I talked about with load factor and the normalization of rate. So, I would just leave it at that. We expect Q2 forward to continue to be strong and our yields to grow across like-for-like new hardware onboard, et cetera. And of course, we are lapping, as you commented, Brandt, on some very high comps year-over-year, and I think that's an important line to appreciate.
Brandt Montour: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then my second question is on the booked position record book, the commentary, obviously upbeat in your release and your prepared remarks. Are you willing to sort of give us a sense for how much of the first half or the full year is booked at this time and how much different that is year-over-year? And to the extent that you don't want to answer that, I would also just be curious if you want to refresh your sort of philosophy on the optimal curve. Right? And if you're at that point where you wouldn't want to become any more booked, unless you leave money on the table or how you're thinking about that revenue management strategy?
Jason Liberty: Well, I'll start off with the latter. I mean, I think on an optimal curve, the answer is, we always get it wrong. It’s -- there are always estimates, we do not give out the percent booked that we're in, but it is meaningfully higher, obviously, than last year, for sure and also versus our highs in 2019. We have installed very sophisticated yield management systems. Those yield management systems, we've obviously seen them perform exceptionally well in 2023 and what we're now seeing here in 2024 through Wave, and they continue to allow us to get more and more share of the wallet. And also taking those practices in which we also saw this last year, and feeding them into our onboard activities, our pre-cruise sales activities, is also something why, I think as we look at the 2023 results and what we're seeing in the 2024 estimates on the top-line is what's causing just, I think, continued outperformance.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. Just one other comment, not just on the volume, but also the pricing. Obviously, we are on more booked versus last year on a volume, but also on a pricing level as well. So, we're very encouraged with where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks, and congrats on another great quarter.
Jason Liberty: Thank you.
Matthew Boss: So, two-part question. Jason, when you talked about taking things to a whole new level, could you size up where you stand today versus the larger total addressable market share opportunity? And maybe you see beyond cruise and just the multigenerational customer base that you're attracting. And then for Naftali, maybe just how best to think about the breakdown of the 4% cost guide this year and multiyear what you see as the right run rate for costs going forward?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, I'll start off, Matt, by I think it's important to understand what our orientation is. Our orientation is experiences, and we keep trying to advance experiences that our customers are not only do they desire, but they're also willing to pay for. And so when you have an experience, mind focus, obviously there are a lot of things that we're adding onto our ships. I think Icon is an incredible example of the dreaming and the delivery of endless experiences for multigenerational travel. But you also see those, for example, in Silver Nova and what that does for the ultra-luxury space in terms of the dreaming and innovating to deliver those experiences that our guests seek and are willing to pay for. You see that also extend into the destination and what we're doing in the private island space, whether it's with Hideaway that we just announced we have the Royal Beach Club into the Bahamas and we continue to think about and dream about other opportunities that are there. Our goal is to keep our customers in our ecosystem, and we're building, as I mentioned in my notes, a travel platform on a technology basis that makes sure that our guests, through loyalty as well as experiences, stay within that ecosystem. That all kind of comes into continuing to grow what we believe are the best brands in each of the segments and invest in those experiences for us to deliver each and every day.
Michael Bailey: Hey Matthew, it's Michael. Just to add some comments to Jason. There's quite a big difference, and we've had these conversations before, between the addressable market for traditional cruise and the addressable market for land-based vacations. When you consider Orlando, Las Vegas and all of those different land-based options, we really believe that with ships like Icon and Perfect Day, Hideaway Beach, the coming of Royal Beach Club in 2025, Utopia coming straight into the short product market to perfect day, that we are really kind of transcending and moving, particularly the royal brand, from that traditional cruise space where the addressable market is big, but smaller than the land-based. And we feel that now we're beginning to really attract a lot of demand from those land-based options with better quality product, more exciting product and great price points. So, I think we feel there's a big opportunity with the addressable market, particularly as it relates to what we've done with kind of repositioning the brand and becoming acutely focused on the multigenerational family and particularly with the kind of new products that we're introducing now. And I think Icon really is a great example of that. We've never seen such incredible demand reaction and pricing power that we've seen with a new product that we've introduced. It's really been phenomenally successful.
Naftali Holtz: Hi Matt. So, on your question on cost, so this year we gave the guidance of 3.75% to 4.25% cost growth and I think it's just important. Obviously, I mentioned it in my remarks that there's 300 basis points throughout the year impact from both increased drydock days and also the operations of Hideaway Beach, that while it is very accretive to margin, just does not have an APCD, so that's the reason. But I think if you put that into context of all the things that we have done over the last couple of years and our really relentless focus on enhancing margins and controlling cost is really coming into play as we continue to grow the business. For the cadence of the year, because we have most of our drydocks really in the last -- latter part of the first quarter and early in the second quarter and that will weigh on cost. Also, I mentioned in the first quarter, we have specifically for that quarter more impact from starting Icon as well as just catching up on the load factor, but obviously it normalizes throughout the year. And the second half will benefit from those lower drydock days and also the addition of Utopia, which will add APCDs to the half part of the year. But all in, we're very pleased with how we've really, in a durable way, enhancing margins that will help us as we continue to grow the business and create operating leverage. For the long-term, our formula really remains unchanged. Moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost control really leads to enhanced financial returns. And the formula is basically, we've got to grow yields faster than we grow our cost and double enhanced margins, more cash flow and more earnings.
Matthew Boss: Great color. Congrats again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Conor Cunningham with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. Thank you. Just keeping with the theme on cruise versus land in the context of moderate yield growth, there seems to be an argument that you can make that actually should be a little bit higher given you're going to close the gap to land based. Can you just level set on where you sit on the discount versus land based right now? And then how we get back to kind of the pre-COVID levels, I think that's been like 15% historically. So if you could just talk about that, that'd be great. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So obviously, last year we talked around having a 40% to 45% gap to land based vacation. Our yields in 2023 rose 13.5%. Our APDS were up, I think 16%. So we obviously made a dent into that. And this year we expect obviously, to make a further dent into that. We are obsessed about really, it's much less about what's happening in the cruise space. It's more about how do we close that gap, how do we compete with land based vacation and we can see in the consideration how much cruise has moved into the average consumer's consideration for travel. So our focus is on that. How do we close that gap? And really how do we make sure going back to the ecosystem, which I think land based does very well, is how do we make sure that, that focus on a vacation of a lifetime evolves into a lifetime of vacation. And I think the commentary about the return of what we're getting from our customers, that repeat rate has now doubled, shows that what we're doing in delivering the best vacations in the world, what we're doing to incentivize through loyalty, to keep our customers in our ecosystem, and really leveraging our house of brands that are the best in each one of their segments is really starting to create another Wave of demand. And we think land based does this really well. We're focused on doing this obviously exceptionally well. And when you think about what we're doing on the destination side with perfect day as an example, when you look at Icon, you can see in that how it's an extremely competitive product, we would probably argue even a better product to what's happening on land. And that’s by us continuing to dream and innovate and deliver on that, that's going to chip away further and further into that value gap to land based vacation.
Conor Cunningham: Super helpful. And then you mentioned the digital investments and increased direct bookings. Can you just talk about how that's evolved over the past few years and how we continue to kind of increase the direct booking channel going forward? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Yes, well, it's less about the shift from direct or through our travel partners. We are really channel agnostic. What we want to do is whether it's we want to show up on how our guests want to shop and book a cruise and we want to take as much friction out of that experience as we possibly can. Sometimes that leads them through our digital channels like the web or our app. Sometimes it has them call our call centers. And of course, that very much takes them to our travel partners who do an exceptional job helping guests identify and have the experiences that they want to do. So we're very agnostic about that. But we also recognize that the customer expects very little friction in their shopping experience. So we spent a lot of time figuring out not only how to be easier to do business with, but also how to use technology like AI and so forth, to curate and put those experiences in front of the guests in the way in which they want to consume them. I think we're getting better and better at that every day, but it's a journey. When I feel we're heading to the fourth or fifth inning, I find out we're back in the first inning as the consumer continues to evolve and just the technology that's available to do it, so thoughtfully is growing stronger and stronger every day.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And just one other thing to add is also it allows us to make sure that the customer gets the vacations they want. So some of the meaningful progress we've seen, and we also noted in the last couple of earnings call, is just the ability to buy and design your vacation ahead of time through pre-cruise. And as Jason mentioned also in the remarks, it also leads to great financial success as people are booking their vacations, then they get on board and they spend two and a half times more than those that have in pre cruise.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Vince Ciepiel: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to dig a little bit more into the Icon. You keep talking about how it's taking things to a new level. Curious kind of how it compares to what you saw with a new class. You think about Oasis 15 years ago, Quantum 10 years ago. How does this launch compare in terms of reception to the customer, the travel agent community, the national coverage that you've been getting, your approach to marketing? And do you think that that's sustainable as you move into utopia and star in the next 12 to 18 months?
Jason Liberty: Vince, thank you very much for that question. I've been waiting for about 20 minutes to talk about Icon. First of all, Icon is a product in terms of the design and the focus on multi-generational family and the evolution from Oasis-class. I think what we've created really is a game changing hit. I mean, it really is working with customer demographic and it's really working with our target market. And I think if you've got an exceptional product that people really are impressed with, then you're almost there and we feel like we've really achieved that with Icon. It's epic and you combine that with perfect day and the opening of Hideaway beach, we have a product and a vacation experience for a multigenerational family that truly is the best in the world. And we've made that statement. It's the best family vacation in the world. So you've got to have that foundation. But I would say that in comparison with previous first in class launches, Icon has knocked this just out of the park. We've never seen the response that we've seen with Icon. It's been genuinely unbelievable from every single metric that you would want to look at; the bookings have been phenomenally strong. The rate has been unbelievable. The appreciation of the product has been high, the interest from the trade partners, from the consumer, from destinations we've never seen. The kind of response that we've seen with Icon of the seas, the employee response, the crew response when we opened up and we had our first shakedown cruises has been unbelievable. We really feel as if this product is absolutely right on the mark and the response has been phenomenal. When we look at the metrics and we have all of these metrics where we compare first in class, Icon has doubled or tripled the response. So volume was X percent with the first in class with Oasis. With Icon, it's been three times better than Oasis was. Rate has been really high. But when you compare rate with Icon versus first in class in our previous launches, it's double or triple. It's been phenomenal in terms of the overall performance and the same seems to be true with the onboard product itself. We do feel that Icon with perfect day, stands shoulder to shoulder with Orlando and Las Vegas, except that we've got both. We've got the gaming and we've got everything that the kids would want to do to have a great vacation. So we feel like we've got it perfectly right. And I think when you look at the lineup that we have for Royal, particularly with the opening of the Royal Beach Club in Nassau in 2025, the introduction of Utopia in the three and four day market out of Port Canaveral to perfect day, we see exactly the same kind of response with Utopia in terms of volume and rate performance versus traditional first in class, three and four day products. We feel like we've going back to my earlier comments, we feel like we've started this transition from being a traditional cruise vacation to being a world class, multi generational family option that stands shoulder to shoulder with Orlando and Las Vegas and any land based destination experience that you could mention. We feel like we're right there with Icon, with Utopia, with Perfect Day. And of course, it's a journey that we're on in terms of introducing these new, exciting products year-over-year. And thank you for asking that question. It's very much appreciated.
Vince Ciepiel: Absolutely. So when you layer in this, it sounds like new hardware is kind of firing at a cylinder that you haven't seen before. You have the discount to land based and then you have kind of a multiyear stretch of pretty muted industry supply. Is there any reason to think that yield growth couldn't be at more elevated levels on a multiyear stretch than what you've seen historically?
Jason Liberty: Well, I'm the brand guy, so I've got to tell you, yes, we live in a very optimistic world, and we are extremely excited with the product and the brand that Royal Caribbean International has now become. So, yeah, I see plenty of upside. Naf and Jason may have a slightly different perspective, but I can tell you we're very excited with the lineup that we've got coming, and we feel unbelievably proud of the performance of Icon to date. So, yes, I see a lot of upside.
Naftali Holtz: Yes, I think we're all extremely optimistic on the very strong quality demand that we continue to see. And I wouldn't want to leave the call with anybody thinking that we are not very optimistic about Q2 and beyond. I know Q1 is very high in terms of the overall performance, but the bookings, the level of onboard spend activity is exceptionally strong. I know that there is, I can just tell by the questions there's some focus on that, but it should only be focused on the opportunity that's ahead of us.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Jamie Rollo: Yes. Thank you. Just one sort of follow up, really, on Icon Michael, which you'll like, I guess, just given the figures you gave then how has that changed the way you think about ordering new ships and also some of the older ships in the fleet? I mean, is this an opportunity to really press your foot down and accelerate this sort of new class of ship, or are you going to carry on perhaps as you were before? Thank you.
Michael Bailey: Yes, we see the huge opportunity with the direction that we've taken in terms of this combination of phenomenal, land based, curated destination experiences, like Perfect Day, the Royal Beach Club in Nassau, and Icon class. So I think our direction, our mindset is very much focused on the future and further development of that kind of product experience that we know absolutely resonates with the customer.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And Jamie, I think just to add, we are very purposeful in our actions. We're very purposeful in the segments in which we are operating in. We think we operate in segments where the level of quality demand significantly outpaces the current supply. There's obviously constraints inside the yards in terms of the ability for anyone to grow at a fast pace, but we expect in the future to continue to invest in our business. We expect to continue to invest, as Michael said, in destinations and also in the growth of our fleet. But it's going to stick generally to that formula of moderate yield growth, good cost control and moderate capacity growth over time.
Jamie Rollo: I'm just surprised, given what you've seen, which sounds much better than expectations, you're not changing anything, even for the existing ships. Is there nothing you might be doing with some of the vision or radiance class ships or maybe putting some of the successful features of Icon on some of the sort of maybe Quantum or Oasis -class? Anything there?
Michael Bailey: Yes. We're always modernizing. We have Allure coming up and the actions we took on Oasis. Some of the learnings on Icon is going to be in the modernization of allure of the seas. We're always updating our ships to make sure those ships stay relevant. It doesn't move like the CapEx number potentially or maybe it's not as exciting today as we're talking about Icon and Hideaway, et cetera. But we're always investing and bringing a lot of the learnings, probably not just on an experience standpoint, but also on a sustainability standpoint so that our fleet stays relevant and competitive.
Operator: I'll now turn the call back to Naftali Holtz, CFO for any closing remarks.
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Operator. We thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-up. We wish you all a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Group Third Quarter 2023 and Business Update Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael McCarthy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McCarthy, the floor is yours.
Michael McCarthy: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bailey, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International. Before we get started, I’d like to note that we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our Investor Relations website and in our earnings release. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency adjusted basis. Jason will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow with a recap of our third quarter and an update on our latest actions and on the current booking environment. We will then open the call for your questions. With that, I’m pleased to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin today, I would like to first acknowledge the devastating events taking place in the Middle East. The horrific terrorist attacks on Israel over 2 weeks ago have no place in a civilized society. The scale and the barbarity of those attacks should shock us all and brings the situation in the Middle East to a very dangerous low. We are heartbroken at the loss of so many innocent lives then and in the war that continues to this day. Our thoughts are with all who have been impacted, including many members of our own team. I would also like to recognize the incredible effort from our shoreside teams and crew, abroad Rhapsody of the Seas. We have been working tirelessly with the U.S Department of State to help safely evacuate Americans from Israel. My heartfelt gratitude goes out to all involved. As relates to the impact of these events on our business, about 1.5% of our capacity in the fourth quarter had planned to visit Israel. Most of the impacted deployment was quickly adjusted, including a few sailings that were home porting and Haifa. The evacuation services or Rhapsody of the Seas were provided pro bono to the U.S government and these costs are included in our financial forecasts. Combined with cancelled and adjusted itineraries in the region, for the remainder of the year, the impact amounts to about $0.05 in earnings per share. Now moving on to the business, our teams have done an outstanding job delivering on another strong quarter as we delivered a yield improvement of close to 17% and beat the midpoint of our EPS guidance by 12%. This beat is further solidifying 2023 as a banner year and positioning us extremely well for 2024 and beyond. I want to thank the entire Royal Caribbean Group team, whose enthusiasm and dedication enables us to deliver the very best vacation experiences responsibly while generating strong financial results. During the third quarter, all key itineraries exceeded our already elevated expectations as we delivered a record 2 million memorable vacations, and exceptional guest satisfaction scores. As you can see on Slide 3, we had record yields for the quarter driven by new hardware, record pricing in the Caribbean and Europe, as well as onboard revenue rates that were up about 30%. While the performance of our Caribbean itineraries has been excellent throughout the year, we were particularly pleased with a double-digit yield growth achieved on our European itineraries in the third quarter. As we look to the full year, the strong performance in the third quarter and continued acceleration in the booking environment is positioning us well to deliver over 13% yield growth for the year and earnings per share that is twice our original guidance for the year. The unprecedented acceleration in demand and pricing for our leading brands, combined with stronger demand for onboard experiences were certainly the main drivers of our outperformance. Adding to that, our strong focus on cost has been an important contributing factor to our elevated 2023 results. The healthy demand environment is very encouraging as we continue to build the business for 2024 and beyond. A year ago, we announced a 3-year financial performance program Trifecta, our teams have rallied around the Trifecta targets, focusing on generating strong quality demand, enhancing margins, building for the future, and most of all, delivering the best vacations in the world. As you can see from our results, we are well on our way to achieving Trifecta. Our proven formula for success remains unchanged. Moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth, although I would not describe this year as moderate, and strong cost controls lead to enhanced margins, profitability and superior financial performance. As I've said in the past, Trifecta creates the pathway back to what we internally describe as base camp. However, base camp is not our final destination, and our ambitions go well beyond it. As we think about 2024 for the Royal Caribbean Group, from a consumer demand standpoint, we look to both macro trends and data points from the millions of daily customer interactions. On a macro level, some of the economic indicators continue to provide some conflicting signals. However, when we look closer at these trends, and indicators related to our customers, and their related behaviors and strong propensity to cruise, we see that many of these macro indicators are less relevant to our business. We have more than 130,000 guests sailing on our ships every day, and millions more who book or engage with us throughout our commercial platforms. What we continue to see across all markets, brands and products is an exceptionally engaged consumer that is looking to book their dream vacations with us. The positioning of our brands, attract guests across broad demographics, psychographics and at a median household income of at least $125,000. Our customers sentiment is bolstered by strong labor markets, high wages, surplus savings, and elevated wealth levels. Even better for us is the fact that overall spend on experiences continued to grow, and is currently up 25% compared to 2019 with twice the amount spent on goods. Cruising remains an exceptional value proposition with strong demographics, and secular tailwinds, allowing us to outperform the broader leisure travel industry. Our goal is to further narrow the gap to land based vacations, as we attract even more satisfied customers to our vacation ecosystem. I believe that is why when people are raising concerns and other industries, like hotel, airline, real estate. Our commercial apparatus is firing on all cylinders with visits to our websites in the third quarter, doubling that of 2019. Our travel partners are also delivering meaningfully more bookings in 2019 levels, and even beating our elevated expectations. Our brand's global appeal and nimble sourcing model allows us to attract the highest yielding guests and partially mitigate the impact from the stronger dollar. Now I'll focus on 2024, which is shaping up to be another incredible year for the Royal Caribbean Group. Our capacity is growing by 8%, and our deployment across markets is relatively consistent with 2023 with slightly more Caribbean, slightly less Europe, and a return to China for the first time in 4 years. Demand for 2024 has continued to accelerate, with bookings consistently outpacing 2019 levels by a wide margin. This has resulted in a book position that is ahead of all prior years at higher rates, further positioning us for another year of strong yield and earnings growth. While still early, we anticipate making significant progress towards our Trifecta goals in 2024. And based on current fuel FX and interest rates, we anticipate earnings that will start with at least a $9 handle. Our operating platform is larger and stronger than it has ever been. With the best brands, the most innovative fleet and destinations and the best people. Each of our brand is the leader within their category. Royal Caribbean International dominates the contemporary market. Celebrity Cruises has redefined the premium travel space, and no one delivers ultra luxury an expedition at sea like Silversea. By combining their unique strengths, we have created an attractive vacation ecosystem in which the sum is greater than the parts. Essentially, we are turning our delivery of a vacation of a lifetime into a lifetime of vacations. We will continue to ensure that each brand has what it needs to continue doing what it does best, while leveraging our enhanced commercial capabilities to capture and keep customers in our ecosystem. From young families to empty nesters, as they seek to return to us time and time again for the best vacation experiences. Our innovative new ships and onboard experiences allow us to continue to differentiate our offerings, as well as deliver superior yields and margins. In August, we welcomed Silver Nova, the first of the new evolution class for our Silversea brand. And the next few weeks, Celebrity Cruises will take delivery of Celebrity Assent, and Royal Caribbean International will take delivery of a game changing icon of the seas later this quarter. With revenue sailings beginning at the end of January. In 2024, we plan to take delivery of utopia of the seas for Royal Caribbean International and Silver Array for Silversea. With each new ship we raise the bar in the travel industry while enhancing what our guests already know and love. Also debuting in January 2024, just in time for the arrival of icon of the Seas is hideaway beach. hideaway Beach is our newest adult only ultimate beachfront paradise at perfect day at CocoCay. Pre-cruise sales for hideaway beach, and premium offerings are exceeding our expectations. We are further enhancing our commerce capabilities to optimize our distribution channels, build even more customer loyalty and lower our acquisition costs. We have seen a significant increase in new to brand and new to cruise customers this year. In fact, in the third quarter, approximately two-thirds of our guests were new to cruise or new to brand, all while also doubling the repeat booking rate, indicating strong loyalty and satisfaction. We've continued to remove friction and make it easier than ever for guest to pre-booked their activities with about a third of those purchases now coming through the mobile app. In the third quarter, about 70% of guests made pre-cruise purchases at much higher APDS than in prior years. In the third quarter, customers who purchase onboard experiences before their cruise spent 2.5x more than those who only bought once on board. As we look into 2024, we have booked over double the amount of pre-cruise revenue compared to this year with more guests engaging before their crews and at higher prices. We will continue to excel in the core and drive business excellence in order to increase yield and capture efficiencies across our platform. I said it before, but it's worth mentioning again. Our formula for success remains unchanged. Moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost controls will lead to enhance margins, profitability, and superior financial performance. Our sustainability ambitions help inform our strategic and financial decisions on a daily basis, ensuring that we always act responsibly while achieving our long-term profitability goals. We are making progress on our see the future commitments to sustain the planet, energize communities and accelerate innovation. We are also progressing toward a double-digit reduction in carbon intensity versus 2019 by 2025, and are exploring multiple options for low carbon based solutions for our existing fleet. While we design the Fleet of the Future with flexibility in mind. This past quarter we concluded a 12-week biofuel trial program in Europe, a first in the industry to cover multiple fuel types and multiple operating areas. The trials resulted in a 20% carbon reduction while also helping to better understand supply chain dynamics. The decision is that we are making now will help position us to deliver a net zero ship by 2035. In our achieve our climate strategy of destination net Zero. Our business is performing exceptionally well, and we are making significant progress towards achieving Trifecta goals. The future of the Royal Caribbean Group is bright with our strong platform and proven strategies. We are creating a lifetime of vacation experiences for our customers, while also delivering long-term shareholder value that allows us to reach new financial records. With that, I will turn it over to Naftali. Naft?
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with third quarter results. Our team's delivered another strong performance with adjusted earnings per share of $3.85, 12% higher than the midpoint of our July guidance. We finished the third quarter with a load factor of 110% and with net yields that were up almost 17% versus 2019, about 300 basis points higher than the midpoint of our July guidance. Overall, about 50% of the better-than-expected yield performance was driven by European itineraries with the remainder mainly driven by Caribbean and Alaska. Rates were up approximately 18% in the third quarter compared to 19 and onboard APDs have been consistently higher even as load factors return to the historical levels. NCC, excluding fuel increased 10.3% compared to the third quarter of 2019, a 100 basis points lower than our July guidance. Lower operating costs as well as favorable timing contributed to the better-than-expected costs. Our team's continued to deliver strong top line growth while maintaining focus on costs to expand our margin. We delivered an EBITDA margin of nearly 42% in the third quarter on par with 2019 levels. Over 100% of the revenue outperformance during the quarter dropped to the bottom line leading to higher adjusted EBITDA and earnings versus expectations. We continue to see strong demand and pricing for both 2023 and 2024 sailings. This has resulted in higher-than-expected load factors and record yields into third quarter along with a record book position on a forward looking basis. Now that we are in the fourth quarter, many of our ships have transitioned from their summer to their winter itineraries. In the fourth quarter, about 55% of our capacity will be in the Caribbean, 11% in Europe and about 13% in the Asia Pacific region. The remaining capacity is spread across a number of other itineraries including repositioning, South America and expedition cruises. Now let's turn to Slide 6 to talk about our guidance for the full year 2023. We now expect net yield growth of 12.9% to 13.4% for the full year, a 140 basis points increase from the midpoint of our prior guidance. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be up 7% to 7.5% for the full year as compared to 19. Our cost outlook has not changed from our July guidance. We do, however, have slightly fewer APCDs due to the cancelled sailings that included Israel, impacting NCCx by approximately 30 basis points. Our cost outlook reflects the continued benefit from all the actions we have taken over the last several years to support enhanced margins. We continue to expect record adjusted EBITDA per APCD for the year and an EBITDA margin that is back to our previous record in 2019. So in summary, we expect adjusted earnings per share of $6.68 to $6.63 and it includes approximately $0.21 negative impacts from FX and fuel rates as well as sailings that included Israel. Now turning to Slide 7, I will discuss our fourth quarter guidance. Fourth quarter yields are expected to be up approximately 16.2% to 16.7%, driven by our incredible new hardware and a significant increase in rates both ticket and chip board for like-for-like chips. This range also includes about 200 basis points negative impact from the elimination of the reporting lag related to Silversea. NCC, excluding fuel, is expected to be up 3.9% to 4.4% including 60 basis points impact from sailings that included Israel related to reduce APCDs. As for adjusted earnings per share, we expect the range of $1.05 to $1.10 for the fourth quarter. This also includes $0.18 negative impact from FX and fuel rates as well as sailings that included Israel. Now I will share some insights for 2024, which while still early, is shaping up to be another exciting year for the company. 2024 capacity is expected to be up 8% as we introduce Icon, Utopia and Silver Ray and benefit from a full year of a Ascent and Silver Nova. Capacity growth is most pronounced in the first and the third quarters due to the timing of new ship deliveries and timing of dry docks. Our Caribbean capacity is growing about 13% in 2024, and will represent about 55% of overall deployment. We're adding a full year of Icon of the Seas and about 7 months of short Caribbean sailings on Utopia. We also expect to increase the number of guests experiencing perfect day at CocoCay with the addition of HideAway Beach. As a result, we expect a total of 3 million guests will experience perfect day in 2024, up from 2.5 million this year.  European itineraries will account for 15% of our capacity in 2024. Alaska will account for about 6% and Asia Pacific itineraries will account for 10%, marking our return to China with spectrum of the seas in Q2 of next year. Capacity for itineraries to visit Israel account for less than 1.5% in 2024. As Jason mentioned, both our book load factors and APDs are higher than all previous years. This is despite having more short Caribbean itineraries and China, which typically booked closer in. There are a few factors that are expected to influence the cadence of our yield growth throughout 2024. In addition to the typical variability driven by the timing of new ship deliveries, the return to normal load factors in the first half of the year will bolster our year-over-year yield growth in comparison to the back half. The first quarter will also benefit from the annualization of pricing power that accelerated during wave this year. Now moving to costs. Our focus remains to control costs as we seek to grow our revenue and margins. We also continue to benefit from all the actions that we have taken in the last few years to reshape our cost structure. In 2024, we expect to have double the dry dock days compared to this year because of timing of dry docks throughout the pandemic. In addition, we are launching HideAway Beach with Perfect Day at CocoCay, while its accretive to margin as no APCD is associated with it further impacting cost comparisons. We expect to increase dry dock days and the opening of HideAway Beach to negatively impact NCCx by approximately 300 basis points next year. Outside of that, we expect costs to increase very low single digits consistent with our proven formula. We will provide more details on the financial impact of these items during our fourth quarter earnings call. The combination of our strong book position and an accelerating demand environment is certainly pointing to another year of solid yield growth and a step change in earnings growth as we accelerate towards our Trifecta goals. Turning to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $3.3 billion in liquidity. Strengthening the balance sheet continues to be a top priority better-than-expected cash flow generation and our disciplined capital allocation has allowed us to accelerate reduction in leverage and debt levels with the goal of achieving investment grade balance sheet metrics. Utilizing cash flow from operations, we repaid $775 million of debt during the quarter, including 500 million of our 11.5 senior secured notes due June 2025. In October, we refinanced our 3 billion revolving credit facility and 500 million term loan into a new 3.5 billion multi year revolving credit facility. The successful execution of the new credit facility demonstrate the continued support and confidence in the company's financial position and credit improvement. Also in October, we issued a redemption notice for the remaining 500 million of our 11.5 secured notes due June 2025. This redemption will be funded with existing liquidity. With that, we expect to pay off over $3.5 billion of debt and reduced leverage to mid 4x by the end of the year. Debt pay down actions reduced interest expense by close to $100 million in 2023 compared to our initial expectations, and contribute to further increase in earnings going forward as we chip away at our high cost debt. Our commitment to strengthening the balance sheet is also being recognized by the credit agencies. In the third quarter S&P upgraded our credit rating by two notches to BB minus and Moody's upgraded our credit rating by one notch to be one with a positive outlook. As the business accelerates and generates more cash flow, we'll continue to proactively and methodically pay down debt and pursue opportunistic refinancings in support of our Trifecta goals. In closing, we remain committed and focused on executing our strategy and delivering our mission while achieving our Trifecta goals. With that, I will ask our operator to open the call for question-and-answers session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Steven Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steven Wieczynski: Yes, excuse me. Hey, guys, good morning.
Jason Liberty: Good morning.
Steven Wieczynski: So, Jason, you essentially just provided us with some kind of guidance for 2024, which is much appreciated. And I would also say probably much better, I think, than anybody would have expected, given the higher fuel costs and kind of those fears out there around your cost structure. So as we think about that spread between the yields and costs, I mean, normally we'd be expecting that spread to be, whatever, 200, 300, maybe 400 basis points. But you guys are on pace this year to see your yields outpace your cost by, let's call it, close to 900 basis points. So, I guess what I'm getting at here is, we think about next year, based on our math to get to that, that EPS number north of $9. You probably need to see that spread be pretty wide again, given the fact that Naft just talked about costs being up, let's call it 300 to 400 basis points. So saying all that another way is that, I'm guessing your yield expectations for next year must be pretty high at this point. So hopefully that will make sense.
Jason Liberty: Well, good morning, Steve. And thanks for the question. So, obviously, we are feeling very good about the business, the demand for our brands, the demand for our ships and in destinations. And we're seeing that, as I noted in my remarks, not only in terms of the daily interactions with our guests, but also just the high-level of booking activity. And the strength we're seeing in bookings where we have been booking at an accelerated pace, really, since earlier this year. And of course, as we've been booking, not just for 2023, but we've also been booking for 2024. And when we look at our book of business, you'll see a lot of strength and volume. And of course, with strength and volume allows us to continue to improve on the rate side. And you combine all that with incredible hardware coming into place next year, especially Icon of the Seas, as well as more volume onto places like perfect day because of HideAway, we feel very good about our yield projections for next year. Now it's still early. So we're not in a place where we're going to guide, but as our general internal ambition is always to make sure that our yields are meaningfully outpacing our costs. And of course, most of our costs as not pointed out growth next year on a per unit basis is really just driven by additional drydock days. And of course HideAway which delivers incredible margins, as in which will improve our yield profile, but also has cost with no APCDs. So all in all, we feel very good. And I think it's important to just stress that, my comment on the earning side was that we expected to at least start with a nine. And not only that, we also expect to continue to improve on an ROIC basis on the overall organization.
Steven Wieczynski: Great, that's great color. Thanks for that, Jason. And then again, as we as we kind of think about, if we got to think about next year, clearly there's a lot of disruption going on with Israel right now, and I think Naft talked about, it's less than are you talking about that lesson, 1.5% of capacity for next year. But as we think about the rest of the Med, just maybe how you guys are thinking about customer demand for, the rest of Europe next year. And obviously, it's probably a little bit too early to really understand that. But do you expect to see some kind of pullback, whether it's Eastern, med, Western Med, or a combination of both? Or have you pretty much kind of moved your ships and your capacity around enough where you don't think there really will be much pushback from your customer base?
Naftali Holtz:  Well, next year, we'll have a little bit less capacity in Europe, about half of our guests for European sailings come from the U.S and the other half come from around the world. We've commented on the 1.5%, and we'll continue to look at that. I think we need to remember we have a pretty nimble sourcing platform. If we're worried about that risk. I do think it's a little bit too early in all of this to have any kind of outlook on what we're seeing, or our expectations for Europe next year. But our commentary around the strength and the acceleration in demand is not just about one market. It's really about all of our markets. It's not just about one product, it's really about all of our products. And, obviously as we -- if these horrific situation continues to occur, that could potentially weigh on a consumer psyche, but that's not something that we're seeing at this point in time. And historically when we see that we typically just see our guest shift in terms of where they want to go. And of course, the vast majority of our capacity in 2024 is going to be in North America.
Steven Wieczynski: And sorry, Jason, one more. Just to be 100% clear, your cost guidance for the remainder of this year is unchanged from an APCD, I mean, essentially, all that's happening here is just the APCDs are dropping?
Jason Liberty: That's correct. That's right.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Thank you guys very much.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. My two questions are actually on the same two topics. One is just a circling back to changes with, I know you mentioned it's only that 1.5% that touches on. I think there are some other words a tiny bit, it's still obviously just single-digit for all the major companies. But are you seeing any ships were not necessarily your ships, but other ships moving into your markets? I know, if it's just a port of call getting dropped, you wouldn't have to redo an itinerary. But if there are ships moving in, where you have existing supply that you're seeing, any kind of impact, or would you say that you're still continuing to see demand for Europe next year at the same levels kind of regardless of what's going on with other shipments?
Jason Liberty: Yes, I would probably just start off, Robin, with how you started that off, which is at least from what we can tell this is pretty low single-digit percent capacity of not just us but our some of our competitors, some have a little bit more than we do. And I think a shift of that magnitude is pretty material. So if a ship is moving further, maybe into the eastern med in terms of heading west, or is heading into the western Mediterranean, or there's some change in the modified and the deployment, it's a pretty immaterial shift for the broader industry. And I think for us, I mean, just our commentary about first accrues first a brand, the power we're getting out of our ecosystem and our loyalty base, that's not -- we are actually much, much more focused on how do we close the gap to land base vacation than we think that things that make small ships like this would impact our business.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you. And then just on the expense piece for next year, it was very helpful, thank you for sort of breaking out the -- I don't know if there's any further breakout of the dry dock. And what that pieces of the 300 basis points, just because in some ways, the timing of that is sort of a non-recurring kind of increase. So I don't know if there's any more breakdown on a 300 bps. And then if there's any way to sort of help quantify, I know you're not giving full year yield guidance. But to whatever degree, there's some bps there that have expense from HideAway. What you would expect the offsetting, I would think you would clearly be more than offsetting that. So just to sort of help investors think about what's really ongoing here, which is, I guess, probably closer to the 100 bps range so, thanks.
Naftali Holtz: Hey, Robin, its Naftali. So just on the cost, so as I mentioned, roughly 300 basis points related to dry docks and HideAway, the vast majority. So think about like 80% of it is, is to dry docks, and the remainder is really about HideAway. It's a nice way to ask it again, but I'll just say what Jason said, we were very excited about next year, our formula, we always strive to drive and grow yields more than cost. And that's definitely -- that's what we're intending to do next year.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you very much. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Hey, Robin. I’ve to jump in for a second as Michael, just to update you on HideAway because I was there last weekend. And I have to tell you, we are incredibly impressed. It's a spectacular, new destination for Royal Caribbean. And we opened for sale for this one products about three weeks ago. And it's going gangbusters. I mean, we're delighted with the product. It's going to be really a game changer. And the demand has been exceptional. We've already started pushing up the pricing for that experience. So of course all of that comes online with Icon of the seas, which is by far the best selling product we've ever launched in the history of our business and it continues to perform an exceptionally high-level. So the combo of Icon with hideaway is really for us exceptionally exciting. And then of course, we've got Utopia going straight into the shores market to perfect day in the summer. And that, again, is already selling at record rates so and record volume. So we're kind of pre switched on about what's happening in the next year in '24.
Robin Farley: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the strong report. I think I'll take a shot at the second part of the 2024 cost comments from you Naft. I think when we think about very low single digits, that's pretty cut and dry, and we all know your history of what you were doing pre-COVID on the cost line. When we think about what is in there, though, right, there's China, and then there's Icon. I would think Icon is push it down, right? Because of all the APCDs that come along with Icon. But China, I would expect to have a rollout of more sort of cost base over there? How should we sort of think about those two factors when we try and model very low single digits?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. I just think -- there's other things, too, right? First of all, Icon actually is -- there's a lot of venues on it. So yes, there's a lot of APCDs, but we also offer a lot of experiences on board. And you're right, China is a market that we're coming back. And obviously, we're not there today, we're just ramping up. But there's a lot of things that are going into it. And the commentary is we manage our cost across the board and we are very comfortable with the very low single digits as we go into next year.
Jason Liberty: And Brandt, it's Jason. I just want to add in. Obviously, our capacity is growing at 8% next year. And so that's certainly helping making sure we're getting more and more efficient, which is a critical objective of the organization. We are also beginning very much to benefit from new disruptive technology and employing them in different parts of our business that can lower service calls and improve process efficiencies. And that's kind of an overall objective is how do we get better each and every year. And that's why we believe that excluding the dry docks and HideAway, which are structural, we were able to continue to produce low single digit costs -- sorry, very low single digits, yes, Naft just reminded me.
Brandt Montour: Great. That’s helpful. And then just as a follow-up, the $9 starting point for the EPS figure tells us a lot, obviously. Just to get a sense of getting your guys' heads when you are in your budget process and you're thinking about that figure. Do you want to -- do you think you're starting at $9 in any current economic environment? Or do you think you're starting at $9 in the current economic environment?
Jason Liberty: Yes, so I think one of the things I would say, Brandt, is that we are saying it's going to start with -- that it will at least start with the $9. So I wouldn't necessarily peg it to $9, it's just that we're seeing at a 9 handle, which I think is just an important thing. And obviously, it's impossible to predict what the environment will look like 6 months from now or a year from now or 5 years from now. But we have a pretty nimble platform. There is a significant value proposition or value differential to land-based vacation. Pre-COVID, we were, call it, 10% or 15%. Today, we are somewhere around 35%, 40%. So there's a lot of value for the consumer to get if there are changes the operating theaters that we are in. I would also keep in mind that we are pretty well booked, and we will cross this year in a very strong booked position. And so we have -- we will have a lot of that already on our books, the consumer has already made those decisions. But I will say, which I think is an important thing when we look at the consumer, is as we're here on the call, we have thousands of people making bookings for experiences that are at least 6 to 8 months from today. They're making bookings into 2025, they're even making bookings into 2026. So our visibility in terms of how the consumer is looking at things going forward, at least on a vacation experience on our incredible brands, is pretty good based off of where the consumer is standing today.
Brandt Montour: Excellent. Thanks all.
Jason Liberty: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Thanks. Big picture question. Curious your perspective on the supply/demand kind of dynamic in this industry over the next few years, what you're seeing in the order book, and then on the demand side, it seems like you and some peers as well are really seeing strong performance out of the new to cruise. So what that could mean for the trajectory of demand growth in years ahead as well.
Jason Liberty: Hey Vince. Hope all is well. So on the order book side, at least what we can see kind of 5 years out here is the industry is going to grow on a gross basis around 4%, it could potentially be a little bit lighter that if there's going to be some potential more exits over time. That's not a number that can really be changed at this point in time. And we really haven't seen a lot of new orders come on the books as of late. So I think we have a pretty good view on the supply side. I think when we think about on the demand side, I don't think it's just new to cruise. I mean, new to cruise has been very strong us being indexed more into the short, brings in a lot more new to cruise. But I also think the point about new to brand, I think, has really significantly grown coming here out of COVID, which we think is another strength. And then I think our point about how focused we are about getting more reps out of our guests through loyalty, through having a recognition of our kind of family of brands, we think is also really strong. And the last point I'll make is, I know we really focus these conversations on the industry, but I really think we need more and more focus the conversation on land -- or just overall vacation experiences. The cruise industry is a sliver of overall vacation and travel and leisure, 1% shift towards cruise is worth -- I think it's like 10 or 11 Oasis-class ships. So we're focused on how do we continue to be more competitive with land. And we're seeing that with the younger generations who really look at us very much similar to how they look to go to Orlando or Vegas or skiing, et cetera. And if we can close that gap, we can close half of that gap and get back to where we were, that's also worth probably about 10 Oasis-class ships. So we're heavily focused on trying to do that.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Thanks. And then just digging a little bit deeper into this year on the yield side, I think you started around to 2% to 4% or something like that and now you're looking for yield up about 13%. So kind of two parts. What's been the biggest positive surprise that has led to that? And then how would you slice up that 13%-ish growth in terms of new hardware contribution, CocoCay and core price?
Jason Liberty: What you're really seeing -- I mean, kind of across the board, right, onboard spend is meaningfully higher than we expected. Demand for our new ships is certainly there. But of course, that would have been in our original guidance for the year, our expectations on that. And then like-for-like is up significantly. So it's not one thing, I think there's just -- there's been really starting in the wave of this year. Demand for our brands has been at an exceptional level. Demand for ships going to places like Perfect Day have been at exceptional levels and has put us in a position to be able to continue to increase rate bringing us closer to that value gap that's out there versus land-based vacation. Now I think keep in mind, like crews kind of lagged everybody else coming back from COVID. And so I think we're also benefiting from that.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dan Politzer: Hey, good morning, everyone. I was wondering if you could talk maybe a little bit about pricing trends and maybe the difference between contemporary and luxury brands and what you're seeing? And similarly, as we think about Europe and next year, I know it's only 15% of your capacity but you're coming off a pretty strong year. Obviously, that skews a little bit more luxury. And then as we think about consumer willingness to book a European or Mediterranean cruise, any kind of thoughts as we should think about 2024 as it relates to those kind of two sub segments?
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, at least in terms of what we've been experiencing is there's been strong demand on a pricing standpoint whether it's contemporary, whether it's in the premium space, luxury or expedition space. I think there's been a little, I would say, more elevated demand that we have seen, especially for Royal and ships, especially going to Perfect Day has been at an elevated level. But the yield improvement that you've seen through the course of this year, which is significant, has really been across all of our brands. And I'd also add that our load factor expectations also rose to the course of this year. We returned to normal load factors much earlier than we had anticipated for that. You are right that on the European side, it does skew a little bit more on the premium and luxury side of things. But I think we think overall, at least what we have seen demand pattern wise, that continues to be very strong. And we typically as we start to get towards the end of this year and early January is when we start to really see the elevation in European bookings as it gets into that 6 to 8-month booking window, which is what we have historically seen.
Dan Politzer: Got it. And then …
Naftali Holtz: And I'll just add -- just add something that also across the markets, what we've seen this year is pretty strong demand. Caribbean, as we said, has been strong all along, but we were very, very pleased with the summer season in Europe, right, with double-digit yield growth.
Dan Politzer: Got it. And then pivoting to China a bit. I know you don't have full capacity having a return that yet there relative to 2019, but as you think about the Baltic capacity coming off Eastern Med, is there a willingness or maybe incentive at this point to shift more of your capacity to China? And maybe can you just give an update on demand trends there?
Michael Bailey: Hey, Dan, it's Michael. We have a China product spectrum selling out of Shanghai in April of next year. And so far, the bookings, both volume and rate. Very good, much better than our '19 performance, which, of course, was a record for the brand. So we're feeling quite optimistic about the China product. I'm not sure there's any need to shift any capacity at this point from the Baltic or from the Eastern Med. So I think we're in a good position with our China product. We'll be one of the first Western brands operating in China. And the indications are very positive. So we'll see how it goes for next year.
Dan Politzer: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks and congrats on another nice quarter. So, Jason, maybe on the accelerating demand, the book position and the pricing relative to prior years as you cited as we look to '24. I guess, maybe larger picture, how are you balancing pricing power relative to the multiyear market share opportunity relative to land-based alternatives? And then just in the strength in bookings that you cited, have you seen any near-term moderation to note related to the recent overseas conflicts?
Jason Liberty: Yes, sure. So we feel -- of course, they're always getting better that we have the best kind of yield management systems and the best revenue managers in the world. And so they are very much looking at volume versus price. And we have significantly automated that using AI and so forth to be able to make sure that we have an understanding on the elasticity and the behaviors of the consumer minute by minute. And so what we do try to do is obviously continue to increase price and then build volumes. And historically, there's been questions about on the book position. You plan to be at the same level when you turn the year as previous years. You want to be higher, you want to be lower. The answer really is, it all depends on our ability to continue to drive pricing and then optimizing our yields. And so optimizing our yields is key. And of course, we're -- and these yield management tools, we're also very focused on what we're seeing in behavior on the [indiscernible] side. Going on the European side, I think, again, we are just coming out of the Europe season, and we are beginning to book for next year trends continue to be very strong. But it is early in the European season for us to start calling out that there's no impact from Israel. It's not something that we are seeing today, and of course, we don't know how long this war, conflict is going to go on for, which could very much inform where the consumer wants to go next year. I think what's important is what we are getting is a very sticky consumer who wants to be sailing with us, staying within our ecosystem. And so sometimes it's not a question of where they're going to go. It could be a question of where they're going to go, but they're going to go somewhere with us, and that's what we're focused on making sure they're doing.
Matthew Boss: Great. And then maybe just a follow-up. Naftali, on the EBITDA margin profile as we think multiyear, and just looking back to prior peak levels, how would you size up where we stand today relative to the Trifecta plan, which I think calls for low 30s? Just maybe as we think about the puts and takes as you see it today.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So I think I said it in my prepared remarks, but our goal, first of all, is to obviously increase the profitability as we continue to grow the business. But this year, we will be back basically to our margin that we had in 2019, which was a record year. But if you kind of do the math, we are not yet in our Trifecta goal. And by the way, Trifecta for us is just base camp, right? So we -- our ambitions are beyond that. So that just leads you to -- and our ambitions are to continue to grow the margin much more than we had in 2019, and that will go through with our proven formula, right? We continue to grow the business, to capacity growth, moderate yield growth and really strong control cost controls and disciplined capital allocation, we think will deliver more margin.
Matthew Boss: Great color. Best of luck.
Jason Liberty: Thank you.
Operator: With that, I'll turn the conference back over to Naftali Holtz, CFO, for closing remarks.
Naftali Holtz: Thank you. We thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-up. I wish you all a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: …gina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Group Second Quarter 2023 and Business Update Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael McCarthy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McCarthy, the floor is yours.
Michael McCarthy: Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bailey, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International. Before we get started, I’d like to note that we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our website and in our earnings release available at www.rclinvestor.com. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency adjusted basis. Jason will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow with a recap of our second quarter and an update on our latest actions and on the current booking environment. We will then open the call for your questions. With that, I’m pleased to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. I’m thrilled to share with you this morning our strong second quarter results and another step change in the trajectory of our business. You may recall that we doubled our revenue yield guidance and increased our earnings expectations by 40% in May on the heels of a record wave period that drove strong booking momentum for our brands. Well, as we shared in this morning’s press release, it got even better since then. The combination of strong preference for our leading brands, numerous consumer tailwinds and the attractive value proposition of cruise contributed to strong and accelerated demand for our vacation experiences. Our brands continue to excel, and we not only delivered another outstanding quarter that significantly exceeded expectations, but are also increasing our full year earnings guidance by another 33%. I’m thrilled to share that we are now expecting double-digit yield growth for the full year and low teens growth rate for the remaining quarters. I want to thank the entire Royal Caribbean Group team for delivering another outstanding quarter. Their passion, dedication and commitment allow us to deliver the very best vacation experiences responsibly while generating strong financial results. Last year, we laid out Trifecta, which set clear and ambitious targets. We have made tremendous progress towards those goals and now expect to achieve record EBITDA per APCD and record return on invested capital this year. We are well on our way to achieving Trifecta as we continue to execute on our strategies. As highlighted on Slide 3, we delivered another outstanding quarter that exceeded expectations. The robust demand environment we reported back in May continued throughout the second quarter and translated into strong booking volumes and meaningfully higher prices. During the second quarter, we delivered a record 1.9 million memorable vacations and exceptional guest satisfaction scores. We achieved record yields that were 12.9% higher in 2019, strong close-in demand, higher pricing and continued strength of onboard spend drove the revenue outperformance. While the Caribbean remains a standout performer this year, we were particularly pleased with the strength and quality of cruising [Ph] demand for European itineraries. This acceleration of demand for Europe contributed to the better-than-expected yield performance for the quarter. Our continued focus on enhancing margins and our disciplined capital allocation resulted in more than 100% of the revenue outperformance flowing to the bottom line. We had record adjusted EBITDA and cash flow in the quarter and achieved significantly better-than-expected earnings. Booking volume since our last earnings call have continued to accelerate, both for 2023 sailings and even more so for 2024 as the majority of the bookings we are currently taking are for next year’s sailings. The North American consumer remains incredibly strong, and volumes from European consumers looking to book their summer vacations accelerated. The strength of our brands and quality of our vacation experiences combined with the value proposition of cruise is translating into double-digit yield growth expectations versus 2019 for the year and low teens growth rate for the second half of 2023. Our load factors are now back to normal. So the incredible yield growth is driven by strength in pricing and onboard spend for both new and like-for-like hardware. While it’s still too early to provide any specific color for next year’s outlook, clearly, the very healthy demand environment we are seeing is quite encouraging. There has been a lot of talk about the state of the consumer, and I want to share what we are seeing for millions of daily interactions with our customers. Sentiment remains strong and is bolstered by strong labor markets, high wages and excess savings. Our customers remain engaged and eager to vacation and build memories with us as they continue to shift preferences towards experiences over goods. Over the last few months, experience spend was up 25% compared to 2019 and double that of spend on goods. Despite this increase, spend on experiences remains lower than the long-term trend line, implying a multiyear catch-up opportunity. Our vacation platform is appealing to a broad range of vacationers and our addressable market continues to expand as we benefit from favorable demographics and wealth trends. In the second quarter, the percent of guests were either new to brand or new to cruise surpassed 2019 levels by a wide margin, and we have seen post-cruise repeat booking rates nearly double 2019 levels. While we have made positive strides in narrowing the gap to land-based vacations over the last several months, cruising remains an exceptional value proposition, allowing us to outperform broader leisure travel as we seek to further close the gap to land-based vacations, drive better revenue and welcome even more happy customers. Future cruise consideration is near all-time highs and a contributing factor to a doubling in website visits compared to 2019. In addition, our travel partners are now fully back up and running and delivering more bookings than they did in 2019. Our improved commercial capabilities have allowed us to capture this quality demand and expand our share of the guest wallet. In the second quarter, about two thirds of our guests booked some of their onboard activities in advance of their cruise translating into incremental spend once on board. While we have made a significant leap, we are still in the early innings of our journey, and we continue to add new features and capabilities to our app in commercial engines. One thing is clear. Our guests continued to spend more on their vacation experience and our teams continue to deliver strong guest satisfaction and Net Promoter Scores. The robust demand we see for our products is bolstered by our industry-leading brands, innovative hardware, enhanced destination offerings, nimble global sourcing model and strong execution by our teams. New hardware has been a great differentiator for us, allowing us to drive quality demand and attract new customers into our vacation ecosystem. In 2023, we take delivery of 3 new ships that support our strategy and will deliver premium yields in 2024 and beyond. This month, Silversea welcomed Silver Nova, the first of the new Evolution class. Later this year, Celebrity Cruises will welcome Celebrity Ascent and Royal Caribbean International will take delivery of the game-changing Icon on the Seas late in Q4 with its revenue sailings beginning in the end of January. Looking ahead into 2024, Royal Caribbean International has recently revealed the ultimate weekend getaway, Utopia of the Seas, which will join our fleet mid next year. Utopia will be the first Oasis-class ship that will be entirely focused on short cruises in the Caribbean, supporting our strategy of competing with land-based vacation alternatives and driving new-to-cruise customers into our vacation ecosystem as we seek to close the value gap. Demand and pricing for Utopia has far exceeded our expectations. Also, in 2024, Silversea will welcome the second in the evolution class, Silver Ray, delivering the future of ultra-luxury cruising. Demand for Ray is very strong, and it is attracting the highest rates for the brand’s Classic fleet. We continue our efforts to deepen the relationship with the customer. We are further enhancing our commerce capabilities to optimize our distribution channels build even more customer loyalty and lower our acquisition costs. We continue to enhance our e-commerce and pre-cruise capabilities and are seeing increased guest repeat rates and spend as well as further elevation in the overall guest experience. We will continue to excel in the core and drive business excellence in order to increase yields and capture efficiencies across our platform. Our proven formula for success remains unchanged, moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost control will lead to enhanced margins, profitability and superior financial performance. In conclusion, our business and our amazing team on and off the water are firing on all cylinders as we exceeded expectations in the second quarter, and significantly increased our earnings and cash flow guidance for 2023. We are well on our way to achieving our Trifecta goals. Our differentiated platform that includes the best brands, fleet, destination, people and global sourcing platform is winning. And I’m very proud of our teams that go out every day to deliver the best vacations responsibly. And with that, I will turn it over to Naftali. Naf?
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I will begin by discussing our results for the second quarter. We delivered another strong performance with adjusted earnings per share of $1.82, 17% higher than the midpoint of our May guidance. We finished the second quarter with a load factor of 105% and with net yields that were up 12.9% versus 2019, about 260 basis points higher than the midpoint of our guidance. Overall, about half of the yield growth was driven by new hardware and half driven by a significant increase in rates on like-for-like hardware despite being a bit behind on load factors. Rates were up 17% in the second quarter compared to 2019. NCC, excluding fuel per APCD increased 9% compared to the second quarter of 2019. While our costs came in consistent with our May guidance, the increase in our share price and the significant increase in our financial outlook for the year resulted in higher stock-based compensation. This cost, which contributed 220 basis points to the quarter was offset by favorable timing that will shift into the third quarter. Our operational and commercial teams are doing an exceptional job driving strong top line growth and maintaining focus on operating expenses to expand margins. Our EBITDA margin in the second quarter has recovered to its 2019 levels and over 100% of the revenue outperformance during this quarter dropped to the bottom line, leading to significant earnings beat versus our guidance. As Jason mentioned, booking volumes since our last earnings call significantly exceeded 2019 for both North American and European consumers. Caribbean itineraries account for about 55% of our full year capacity and about 37% in the third quarter. Strong demand for Caribbean itineraries contributed to the strong performance in the second quarter and is one of the key drivers of the increase in expectations for the full year. Europe sailings account for 17% of our full year capacity and 35% in the third quarter. The acceleration in demand is resulting in an increase in our revenue expectations for Europe sailings. The better-than-expected performance has mostly been driven by our European customers, which underscores our nimble and global sourcing model. Alaska only accounts for 6% of our full year capacity, but represents 16% in the third quarter. We have added three additional ships to the region with capacity up about 60% versus 2019 for this high-yielding product. Similar to the Caribbean, we have seen very strong volume trends for Alaska sailings and load factors have been above 2019 since early this year and in line with our expectations. Now let’s turn to Slide 6 to talk about increased guidance expectations for the full year 2023. We now expect net yield growth of 11.5% to 12% for the full year about 450 basis point increase from the midpoint of our prior guidance. About 15% of the increase is driven by the strong second quarter results with the remainder due to a significantly better business outlook for the rest of the year. The further increase in yield expectations for the year is the result of higher pricing and further strength in onboard revenue. Both new and like-for-like hardware are driving higher pricing for our core products. Yields for both remaining quarters are expected to be up in the low teens, with third quarter yields up 13.75% at the midpoint of our guidance range and an acceleration throughout the year. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up approximately 7% for the full year as compared to 2019. Our cost outlook reflects the continued benefit from all the actions we have taken over the last several years to support enhanced margins. As I mentioned before, the increase in full year 2023 costs is mainly a result of increase in stock compensation expense. We also recently announced our return to China in spring of 2024. In anticipation of this return, we plan to increase our cost in support of the restart. As I noted on the last earnings call, full year net cruise costs also include 210 basis points of structural cost that we did not have in 2019 and mostly related to operations of CocoCay and our Galveston terminal. Our team’s focus on delivering the best vacation experiences responsibly while enhancing profitability is translating to the bottom line. For the second half of the year, 90% of the increase in revenue expectation flows through to earnings and increases our margin. We also expect record EBITDA per APCD for the year and an EBITDA margin that is an eyelash away from our previous record in 2019. So in summary, based on the current business outlook, along with current fuel pricing, currency exchange rates and interest rates, we expect adjusted earnings per share of $6 to $6.20. Now turning to Slide 7. I will discuss our third quarter guidance. Net yields are expected to be up 13.5% to 14% compared to 2019. Exceptional strength in Caribbean itineraries and accelerating demand for Europe itineraries is driving the increase in yields. NCC, excluding fuel, is expected to be up approximately 11.2%. About half of the cost increase compared to 2019 relates to structural costs timing shift of operating expenses from the second quarter and an increase in stock-based compensation expense. Many factors contribute to variability in cost growth within quarters, and our focus is on full year cost management. With that said, we expect costs in the second half to normalize to the yearly average with fourth quarter benefiting from a more favorable comparable mainly due to increased dry dock days in 2019. So in summary, based on current currency exchange rates, fuel rates and interest rates, we expect adjusted earnings per share of $3.38 to $3.48 for the third quarter. Turning to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in liquidity and generated $1.4 billion in operating cash flow during the second quarter. Our liquidity remains very strong and strengthening the sheet continues to be a top priority, better-than-expected cash flow generation and our disciplined capital allocation has allowed us to accelerate reduction in leverage and debt levels with the goal of achieving investment-grade balance sheet metrics. Utilizing cash flow from operations, we repaid $1.6 billion of debt during the quarter, including $392 million of our 11.5% senior secured notes due June 2025. Also during the quarter, we settled the 4.25% convertible notes that were due in June with $337 million of cash and 370,000 shares. Then in July, we redeemed an additional $300 million of our 11.5% senior secured notes due June 2025. As a result, we only have $700 million of those notes currently outstanding. That paydown actions will reduce interest expense in 2023 and beyond and contribute to further increase in earnings as we chip away at our high-cost debt. As for leverage, this year, we will have $3.2 billion of debt related to new ship deliveries that are contributing minimal to no EBITDA in 2023. When excluding this debt from the calculation, we expect our leverage ratio to be in the mid 4 times by the end of the year, a significant progress toward our goal of achieving investment-grade balance sheet metrics. As our business accelerates and generates more cash flow, we will continue to proactively and methodically pay down debt and pursue opportunistic refinancings in support of our Trifecta goals. In closing, our business continues to accelerate, and we remain committed and focused on executing our strategy and delivering on our mission while achieving our effective goals. With that, I will ask our operator to open the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steven Wieczynski with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steven Wieczynski: Hey guys, good morning. First off, congratulations, another very, very strong quarter. So Jason, as we think about the Trifecta targets, it seems to us based on the trajectory of the business there now is probably somewhat of a high probability that some of these targets could be achieved possibly a full year in advance of our your current 2025 time frame. So based on the strong demand you’re seeing already for 2024, is it fair to assume that achieving some of these targets much earlier than you were expecting was a fair statement. And look, I know that’s kind of a call that [Ph] 24 guidance question, but just based on the current trends, it does just seem like you guys are on that path.
Jason Liberty: Well, thanks, Steve, and good morning, and good morning to everybody. I hope everybody is doing well. So first, I would say Steve, as we pointed with, out Trifecta, Trifecta was, as we described it as base camp. We think there’s a lot value to unlock here in the company as we -- as our people and our brands just continue to execute as we grow our business. And so as you pointed out, the current trends that we have been seeing, especially in the booking environment points to many of these metrics being able to be achieved earlier than we had anticipated them to be. And of course, we believe very much as we have in the past, that setting coordinates and pointing the organization to those core nits is very important to make sure that we execute on them and beyond. As we get closer to those metrics, we will certainly look to talk about what’s the next base camp or base camp two that will be pointing the organization to. But as you said, when we look at these the other trends, the booking environment on how we’re executing the preference for our brands and us, again, being able to further close the gap here to what we see as really the competitive set with land based vacation, the outlook looks really bright. And so I think we would say that it looks -- these trends would point to an earlier arrival at base camp, but we’re not in a position that it’s too early for us to say exactly what that timing is going to be.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And thanks for that. And then second question I guess, just around your booking visibility today, which seems like it’s probably as good as it’s ever been. And I guess my question is, I think historically, you’ve turned the calendar year, let’s say, a 55%, 60% kind of booked range. And I know it’s still early on, but based on your current marketing plans, the current strong demand that’s out there, not only from the North American side of things, but now it seems like your European customers are getting stronger. Do you expect, if we kind of fast forward to the end of December moving into January, you could turn the calendar year at a higher book position versus where you’ve been historically?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think what -- so obviously, in our commentary about how us being booked, how we’re booked ahead on rate volume in our booking environment, especially -- and most of these bookings are relating to 2024. We feel really strong or really good about the demand environment, and that very much points to 2024. What I would say is it is very possible that we’re in a more -- more book position than we have been in the past. But I would just -- we’ve said this in the past, our goal is to optimize revenue. And so you could be plus or minus 5% on a book position standpoint as we kind of cross periods because we’re looking to optimize revenue, not just optimize how much you have on the books at a certain point in time. And I think our teams have demonstrated even as you see as we cross the here, your ability to utilize what we would say are state of the art tools to manage and optimize our revenue, not just on ticket, but also on onboard is what’s helping us lead to optimizing our yield profile.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay got you. Thanks guys, really appreciate it. Congratulations.
Jason Liberty: Yes, thanks Steven.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. Obviously, really strong results. Just looking at your expense guidance outside of just the compensation that’s tied to your performance, it hasn’t really changed. It looks like despite a lot of higher expense out there in general. So I know it’s early to talk about 2024, but if your higher expense hasn’t sort of worsened over the last few quarters, does that give you the visibility that maybe 2024 expense could look kind of like a normal year in terms of the increase year-over-year, if the outlook hasn’t been worsening for you as it maybe has for some others. Thanks.
Naftali Holtz: Hi Robin, good morning. So yes, first of all, all the expected guidance that we’ve shared today is really the result of all the actions that we talked about and really our team’s exceptional job of managing expenses and expanding margin as our yield is growing. And obviously, in 2023, we were comparing to 2019, that was four years ago. So as we look into 2024, there is anything -- nothing that is extraordinary. There are a couple of things that are going to be a little bit structural, for example, we are opening HydoWay Beach. But generally, it should be a normal year.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And Robin, I just wanted to add into it because I do think it’s important to recognize, if you kind of string together the calls through the pandemic and all the actions that we took to position ourselves to really kind of outperform and to grow our margins. A lot of all that work really helped absorb the vast majority of -- a pretty significant inflation that we saw across a lot of the items that impact our product. And so we were able to really absorb that and still produce significant Net Promoter Score. So very, very thoughtful of not impacting the product or the experience, which could be easily done to help something in the short-term. But in the long-term, but it has really paid off for us as there is clear and very strong preference on a vacation standpoint to travel with the group and the great brands that are inside of it.
Robin Farley: That’s great. Thanks. And then just one clarification on -- you mentioned restarting China in April of 2024. Can you give us a sense of what that might obviously some start-up costs to that any way to sort of quantify the magnitude of that? Thanks and that’s it for me.
Michael Bayley: Good morning Robin, it’s Michael. And I happen to be very fortunate today because I’m calling you from beautiful Allure of the Seas sitting in our conference room. Using our StarLink technology to video conference with my colleagues and participate in the call. We’re on the President’s cruise. We have over 3,500 of our loyal guests along with 2,500 other guests on this great voyage. So I’m actually sitting here in my swimwear, but you can’t see that. But I have to tell you that only to say that it’s just an amazing thing to be back with our loyal guests on the product and the brand, and it’s quite amazing when you kind of immerse yourself with the customer, the kind of incredible feedback they give you in the loyalty so many of our guests have Royal Caribbean. It’s really -- it’s a beautiful thing. On China, yes, we’ve open for sale. We had a kind of a thoughtful process as it relates to bringing back our employees over time. So as we move through 2023, we obviously take on more SG&A expense, and we have accommodated that in the forecast obviously, and we also mitigated some of that expense. And then as we look into 2024, it will be a full year of typical operations for a one-ship operation with a lot of shared services provided by our Singapore office. I can tell you that the -- it’s early days yet, but the signals look pretty positive. We feel good about what we’re seeing in terms of bookings. And we feel pretty comfortable with operations and how we scale back our teams to sell and market and operate our China operation.
Steven Wieczynski: Yes. And just Robin, to your question, the increase between our May guidance and in cost and what you have today is entirely as a result of the stock-based compensation which is the majority of that increase and a little bit of that China expense that Michael was talking about.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Hey good morning everybody. An excellent quarter. So first on European consumer demand you mentioned it several times, and it was clearly one of the surprising positive takeaways here. Just maybe if you could give us a sense of how you measure the European consumers recovery versus how you measure the U.S. Consumers recovery in [Indiscernible]? Just trying to get a sense how far back the European consumer is so that we can kind of get a sense if there’s sort of further recovery from that source to go?
Jason Liberty: Brad, I think I would position in less about their recovery in terms of what their willingness is to spend because their willingness to spend was very competitive with the North American consumer. I think the difference is that they were delayed and kind of activating their vacation. And so they were as we talked a little bit about on the May call, we expected Europe to be a little bit lighter versus 2019 on in terms of load factor and it came roaring back. And that’s a story of one of the North American consumer just feeling that they needed to -- for certainly vacation in Europe, but also the European consumer kind of was very much part of that story. So I think it’s less about what they can afford to spend or what they are spending. I think it was more that they were they were delayed by call it, 45 to 60 days than what we typically would see in a normal booking window. And again, these are things that are on the margins because we are -- we were a substantially book, obviously, going into the summer for Europe.
Brandt Montour: Okay. That’s super helpful. And then on 24, you guys have an exciting docket here with the Icon and the CocoCay expansion in China reopening. How would you sort of stack up those 3 things in terms of a tailwind to yield in the year of 2024 if they’re all something meaningful, eventually quantifiable? And then is there anything dilutive to yields in 2024? I mean, China, I guess, could be dilutive because it’s sort of a restart year and then Utopia is a brand new ship, but it’s in a short market. So how do we think about that? Thank you.
Michael Bayley: Hi Brandt, this is Michael. We don’t see China as being dilutive. We feel very positive about China. And we certainly see Utopia as a big, strong game changer. And what we’ve seen so far from our bookings, both volume and rate are incredibly encouraging. And we’ve been very thoughtful. As Jason mentioned earlier about the strategy of putting really outstanding hardware combined with excellent destination into the short product market because it truly is the on-ramp for new to cruise and also first to brand. So or indications as it relates to new product lineup coming online in ‘24 and exceptionally positive. And I’d also like to add that Icon and Utopia and, in fact, wonder when you look at this gap between land-based resorts and land-based experiences versus some of our top products, particularly these products we’re talking about, there really is no gap. The gap has been narrowed quite significantly, and we feel very positive about where we’re going to go on that journey. So as we think about 2024, as we look at these products, as we see what’s occurring in terms of the booking activity both from a volume and rate perspective, the excitement we see for these products, we feel very positive about their impact in 2024.
Jason Liberty: One other just quick comment on the yield side of things and this just goes into the booking commentary. Clearly, there is incredible demand for our new ships and Icon will certainly break and has broken, I think probably every record in the book. But I think it’s important when we look at the data inside of our bookings that it’s not just the new hardware -- the like-for-like is also very strong and growing. And that commentary as I said is some of it is 2023, what we have left to book. So most of that commentary really relates to 2024.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And Brandt, I’ll just add two more things. One is, obviously we have this year, we are not returning to normal load factors, but the first half of the year was a little bit lower. So that should also contribute to yield next year. On the other hand, we are now in the planning process obviously for 2024 and we’re considering all the talks that we need to do next year, and that could be more elevated than this year, which obviously will impact some of the cost a little bit on the yield.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And the elevation on the dry dock is just a reflection of ships that came out of COVID that had missed those windows. And so it will be a little bit more elevated in in 2024, but just a point.
Brandt Montour: That’s it for me. Congrats, again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research Company. Please go ahead.
Vince Ciepiel: Thanks and nice to see on the results. I wanted to dig into the yield upside a little bit more. I know you mentioned it was a mix of onboard and ticket but when you think about, I think, 1Q by 4 points, 2Q beat by almost 3 points. And when you consider the volume of business kind of on the books going into the quarter, it seems to speak to price maybe on a leading-edge basis, really exhibiting a nice trajectory. So curious if you could kind of comment on that and how that informs kind of your approach to 2024 as you’re thinking about kind of finding the balance in the booking curve.
Jason Liberty: Well, hey Vince good morning. I hope you’re doing well. As Naftali commented in his opening remarks, as we look at what kind of drove -- or one of the key drivers of the difference from the May guidance till today is really all price, right? So load factor for the back half of the year, we had expected to be normalized. And so I think what has been a surprise to us has just been our ability to continue to raise price and demand continuing to come in at higher levels, significantly higher levels than we have seen in previous periods. And so I think it just talks to, I think, one, just preference for our brands. I mean how well -- our commercial teams have been executing and also keeping our customers more and more in our ecosystem has been a huge tailwind for us. And I think that kind of just a broader combination of things when you add that to just the value gap to land based vacation is driving our ability to raise prices. And so as we said earlier, our APDs for the full year are up over double digits for the back half of the year, they’re going to be in the low to mid-teens in terms of rate increase relative to 2019. That is significantly better than we had anticipated when we gave guidance earlier this year. And it’s really a reflection of even as we take on the bookings and as we increase pricing, we’re not really seeing that point where price is impacting our demand. And then the other component of this is just onboard spend, which is obviously a combination of -- to a degree of price. But really, the main driver of that has been our ability to be much more effective to curate and take friction out of the process for our customers to book their activities on the ship. And of course, there’s a great commercial reasons of doing that. There’s also an incredible guest experience benefit of doing that as our ultimate goal here is to try to give a day back to our guests to come on our ships and instead of them having to spend a day booking their restaurants and booking their spa appointments and short surgeons [Ph], they’re able to do that ahead of time. And we are really in the early innings of that, especially curating -- there’s still a lot of friction points for us to resolve, but our teams have really just done an exceptional job of moving that forward, which can also see supporting an even more elevated customer deposit balance as we’re able to take on those onboard spend bookings.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. That’s really helpful color. And I wanted to zoom in a little bit more on CocoCay. I think that you guys were on track to take about 2.5 million passengers there this year. kind of with a path towards $3.5 million in 2025. Curious kind of where 24 maybe falls within that window if it’s closer to 25% or 23%. And then -- just what you guys are seeing in terms of customer feedback around desire to repeat visits to CocoCay and maybe how you think about the decision to send Utopia Icon to CocoCay as well?
Michael Bayley: Well, Vince, thank you for the question. I mean 1 of the reasons we call -- Perfect Day. Perfect Day, is it it really is perfect. And it is driving a lot of the demand and people are booking the ships and the itineraries that sell to Perfect Day. It really is delivering an exceptional customer experience and people value that immensely. And we see the repeat rates going back to -- Perfect Day accelerating. As we look at the volume of guest, we’ve got a Perfect Day in 2023, 2024, 2025. Obviously, we’ve planned to open Hideaway Beach at the end of this year in time for Icon and Utopia that’s going to increase our ability to add more gas to Perfect Day by about 3,000 people, and that will come online literally in December of this year. So that allows us then to continue to increase our capacity into Perfect Day. We’ve also got the Royal Beach Club in Nassau, which is moving through its various approval processes, environmental and governmental permits and what have you. That’s looking as if it’s promising and we’re planning on opening the Royal Beach Club in summer of 25%. So when you add that experience, the Royal Beach Club, along with Perfect Day, we feel like we genuinely have the ultimate big weekend. And that’s, of course, why we’ve got Utopia coming online and going straight into the short market. So it’s a great product. It’s combined with incredible assets, the ships that we’re sailing to Perfect Day. I don’t think Perfect Day without these ships would be the complete perfect vacation, but we really do feel like we’ve got it right. And we continue to focus on delivering excellent guest experiences. It’s somewhat of an obsession within the team. And of course, more recently, Celebrity announced that they’re also sailing to Perfect Day, so that’s great for the celebrity brand as well. So we see it as a great success, and we continue to refine it and to develop it, and we continue to plan to bring our guest to Perfect Day.
Vince Ciepiel: That makes sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks and congrats on another nice quarter. So maybe to elaborate on the acceleration in trends that you’re seeing in both passenger ticket and onboard spend relative to 2019. I guess how best to think about sustainability multiyear as you break down trends between new to crews that you’re seeing versus existing cohorts? And are there any lead indicators at all that point to any future softening on any metrics?
Jason Liberty: Well, thanks, Matt. Well, first, I would say that I think the acceleration that we’re seeing is on a few points. One I think we’re getting more share of the wallet because we’re helping better kind of curate and take friction out of the experience. And you can see that in just the volumes of guests that are that are willing to book directly with us online -- because we’re able to curate the actual cruise booking, also all the things that we’re doing pre-cruise to get them to book ahead of time. And so a lot of it -- some of it is price but a lot of it is just the friction that we’ve taken out of it and the commercial tools we put in place to make it easier for them to book those experiences. And so I think that’s a big kind of part of the acceleration. The other part I think of the acceleration is that we have. We really do feel that we have the best brands, the best ships, the best destinations kind of in play here which we think is really excelling -- or accelerating the preference for the vacation experiences that we’re offering to our guests. So I think that’s also a very important thing. But really in everything that we’ve talked about today and what we said in our release in the storyline, there are no indicators of softness there’s really only indicators of acceleration in what we’re seeing as we continue to have the ability to raise pricing. And when we -- of course, when we put out our guidance, it’s really based off of what we’re seeing today in the booking environment. And of course, we’ve seen a continued set of acceleration from period to period. So I think just -- I think a lot of what you’re seeing is execution -- and I think a lot of what you’re seeing is long-term strategies coming into play versus just kind of necessarily riding the market -- and so I think that’s important. But I just want to emphasize at this point, whether it’s in the booking environment, on the ticket side, whether it’s on the onboard side, we don’t see any indicator of weakness.
Naftali Holtz: Matt, I’ll just add yes. Yes, I’ll just add also, obviously, we made great progress on closing the gap to land based vacation, but the value gap is still there, and we see this as a is a great opportunity to continue to grow yields? And then just taking market share from the global leisure market, right? And you can see some of that success with new to cruise, that’s really core to our strategy.
Matthew Boss: Great. And then just on the bottom line as a follow-up. So as we think about EBITDA margins multiyear and just looking back at prior peak levels, is there any reason to consider that Trifecta plan as a ceiling? Or just any unlocks to consider, which would point to this model as accretive relative to pre-pandemic profitability levels?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So as you know, Trifecta for us, as Jason said, was base camp. And if you kind of look at the triple EBITDA per APCD, triple-digit EBITDA per APCD, which obviously is at least 100. It does have a margin expansion beyond 2019 but as we continue to grow that, we see a lot of opportunities on multiple levels right, growing yields, lower acquisition costs, just scaling the business as we grow and our ambitions are above 2019 levels, that’s for sure.
Jason Liberty: Yes. But I would just add, there is nothing structural that I’d say puts that at risk. I think what we need to focus on, and we know this about our business model is moderate yield growth which I would not, again, call this year moderate, but moderate yield growth, good cost control leads to expanded margins as we grow our business. Every 1% change in our yield is $110 million plus and a 1% change in our cost is about $50 million. So to grow your yields faster than you grow your costs and you’re going to continue to expand your margins.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Naftali Holtz, CFO, for closing remarks.
Naftali Holtz: Well thank you everyone for your participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-ups. We wish you all a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lisa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Group First Quarter 2023 Earnings and Business Update Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Michael McCarthy, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael McCarthy: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our first quarter 2023 business update conference call. Joining me here in Miami are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International. Before we get started, I'd like to note that we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our website and in our earnings release available at www.rcl Investor com. Jason will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow with a recap of our first quarter and an update on our latest actions and on the current booking environment. We will then open the call for your questions. With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. I'm thrilled to be here this morning to share our incredible first quarter results and the strong trajectory of our business. When we turn the page from 2022 into 2023 with the full strength of our operating platform deployed and numerous tailwinds related to the consumers' desire to travel and experience the world, we believe this would be a great year. We expect it to finally return to yield growth in the first quarter and accelerate even more through the rest of the year. Well, as you saw in the press release this morning, what transpired over the past four months was much better than we had anticipated. Our brands are stronger than ever and our yield in Q1 blew away previous records. Before getting into the detail, I want to thank the entire Royal Caribbean Group team, 100,000 plus strong for another outstanding quarter. Their dedication and commitment allow us to deliver the very best vacation experiences responsibly while generating strong financial results. As highlighted on Slide 4, it has been a tremendous first quarter that set us well on the path to a year that is significantly better than we expected just a few months back. We knew that demand for our business was strong. what has transpired was a record-breaking extended wave season that translated into robust bookings and meaningfully better prices.  In the first quarter, we delivered a record 1.9 million memorable vacations, achieved 102% load factor at higher pricing than 2019, and earned exceptional guest satisfaction scores. Yields grew 5.8% compared to record 2019 levels, and were significantly above our guidance.  Strong demand for Caribbean itineraries translated into higher load factors had better-than-expected pricing for both ticket and onboard. Our yields are now exceeding record highs, and we expect this trend to continue for the rest of the year and beyond. This is particularly significant because while we thought the first quarter would be a transition period, we always expected the rest of the year to be strong. The fact that demand for the coming nine months is so much stronger than our already robust expectations says a lot about the strength of the consumer and the strength of our brands. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS in the first quarter were both considerably higher than our guidance, and we generated $1.3 billion of operating cash flow. Strong revenues, our continued focus on increasing margins, and favorable timing of operating expenses contributed to the better-than-expected earnings performance.  The acceleration of demand, coupled with our team's incredible execution is also translating into higher revenue and earnings expectations for the full year. As you can see on Page 5, we are more than doubling our full-year yield growth expectations to 6.75% to 7.25% on increased expectations for ticket and onboard revenues. We are also increasing earnings per share expectations by 40% to $4.40, to $4.80 as we continue to focus on expanding margins as revenue accelerates. Now I'll provide some insight into the robust demand environment and our incredible wave season. Bookings outpaced 2019 levels by a very wide margin throughout the entire first quarter and into April. Pricing was also significantly higher as our commercial apparatus across all channels has been driving quality demand into our vacation ecosystem. The strong wave season resulted in an acceleration of our book position in relation to prior years.  The booking window is now completely back to normal, demonstrating consumers' desire to continue to plan their vacation travel with us well in advance. While demand has been strong across all products and markets, we continue to see exceptional strength from the North American consumer. This strength in combination with the incredible, Perfect Day at CocoCay has resulted in record yields for our Caribbean sailings.  In addition, European bookings are nicely outpacing 2019 levels with peak summer sailings trending particularly well in recent weeks. The robust demand we see for our products as a result of our superior brands, hardware, enhanced destination offerings, a nimble and global sourcing model and strong execution by our teams. As you heard me say on prior earnings calls, we continue to see financially healthy and engaged consumers our eager to vacation and build memories with us. Our customer sentiment remains strong and is bolstered by strong labor markets, high wages and excess savings.  Secular tailwinds continue to benefit us as consumers continue to shift preferences and spend from goods to experiences, resulting in strong entertainment and travel spend. This trend continued in the first quarter where spend on experience was 24% higher than 2019 and double the spend on goods. Further, our research shows that consumers plan to continue prioritizing leisure travel over other spend.  Our addressable market is plentiful and continues to be meaningfully larger than it was in 2019. Our product appeals to a broad range of vacationers who are seeking everything from a short getaway to a Perfect Day to a luxury world cruise. Cruising remains an exceptional value proposition. I would actually say it's too attractive of a value proposition, which is allowing us to outperform broader leisure travel as we seek to close the gap to land-based vacations and drive better revenue and happy customers. Cruise search is up 15% versus 2019, significantly outpacing the growth in general vacation search and contributing to the doubling of visitors to our website when compared to 2019.  Our vacations are popular among a broad range of consumers, which allows us to attract more and more new customers into our ecosystem. In the first quarter, the percentage of guests who are either new to brand or new to cruise, surpassed 2019 levels by a wide margin. The improvements we have made in our commercial capabilities have allowed us to capture quality demand and expand our share of guest wallet. In the first quarter, about 2/3 of our guests booked some of their onboard activities in advance of their cruise. The comparable figure in 2019 was 48%, so you can see we have used our time well to upgrade our systems. Every dollar of guest spends pre-cruise translates into approximately $0.70 of incremental spend once on board. While we have made a significant leap in our commercial capabilities, we are still in the early innings of our journey, and we'll continue to add features and capabilities to our app and commercial engines. Looking to the rest of 2023, we expect to deliver amazing vacation experiences to over 8 million guests a record yields as we deploy our best-in-class fleet across the best global itineraries. We expect to return to historical load factors in late spring and continue to benefit from a strong pricing environment.  We expect to deliver record yields that are 6.75% to 7.75% higher than in 2019 with every one of our brands generating positive direct profit this year. Our strong yield growth outlook is driven by the performance of new hardware, a strong pricing environment, especially for Caribbean itineraries, and continued growth from onboard revenue areas.  New hardware has been a great differentiator for us, and we are benefiting from the eight ships that joined our fleet since 2019. This year, each of our wholly owned brands will welcome a new vessel. These ships are sure to continue elevating vacation experiences for our guests and will continue to further drive the competitive advantage and deliver very attractive financial returns. Since all three of these ships will be delivered in the second half of this year, they will be a key yield driver next year. Silversea will welcome Silver Nova this summer, the first of the new evolution class. Celebrity cruises will welcome the fourth in the award-winning Edge series, and Royal Caribbean International will take delivery of the game-changing icon of the seas. Let me spend a minute talking about Icon of the Seas and the excitement she is generating with our customers.  With Icon, we set out to create the ultimate vacation for thrill seekers, the chill enthusiasts and everyone in between without compromise. She is getting exceptional demand with bookings well surpassing previous records. Despite being on sale for only five months, Icon is significantly more booked for her inaugural season at materially higher rates than any other Royal Caribbean ship launch. Icon will join the fleet later this year and will debut in the Caribbean in January 2024, with itineraries that include Perfect Day at CocoCay and its new expansion, Hideaway Beach. Moving to costs. Our team have been working hard for several years to reshape our cost structure with the goal of enhancing margins. Our cost outlook for the year reflects our commitment to enhancing profitability while focusing on delivering the best vacation experiences. We continue to expect the business to deliver a record yield and adjusted EBITDA in 2023.  Our proven formula for success remains unchanged. Moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth, though I wouldn't define this year's growth as moderate and strong cost controls will lead to enhanced margins profitability and superior financial performance.  We just published our 15th Annual Sustainability Report, providing an in-depth update on our strategy and performance of delivering the best vacation experiences responsibly. In this report, we outlined our progress towards reducing our carbon intensity by double digits by 2025 versus 2019. We expect to deliver on significant milestones of our decarbonization pathway this year including the introduction of advanced technologies on our new ships, such as LNG, fuel cells, and a first-of-its-kind onboard waste-to-energy system. To wrap up, the business continues to accelerate, and we are uniquely positioned to grow earnings and cash flow in 2023 on our way to achieving our trifecta goals. The strength of our brands and operating model continues to grow. We are committed to delivering the best vacation experiences responsibly, and I couldn't be more excited about what's ahead for the Royal Caribbean Group. With that, I will turn it to Naftali. Naf?
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin by discussing our results for the first quarter. As you can see on Slide 4, we reported an adjusted net loss of approximately $59 million or $0.23 per share. These results were significantly above our expectations and the high end of our guidance range.  Total revenue was $2.9 billion. Adjusted EBITDA was $642 million, and operating cash flow was $1.3 billion, again, significantly above our expectations. We finished the first quarter with a load factor of over 102% at net yields that were up 5.8% for the quarter or 440-basis points higher than the midpoint of our guidance.  Better-than-anticipated close-in demand for Caribbean sailings and improving pricing environment and continued strength in onboard revenue were the main drivers for these exceptional results. Higher load factors drove 2/3 of the yield outperformance and higher pricing drove the remainder. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel per APCD, increased 5.8% in constant currency compared to the first quarter of 2019. Net cruise costs for the first quarter included $2.87 per APCD or 240-basis points impact of structural costs. Operating costs also benefited from approximately 160-basis points of favorable timing compared to guidance. First quarter results are a testament to the continued robust demand environment attractive value proposition of our cruise vacations and strong commitment by our teams to deliver the best vacation experiences responsibly. Turning to the booking environment. Bookings have consistently been higher than the same time in 2019, with the gap widening as WAVE extended further into the year than ever before. The booking strength has been particularly evident on Caribbean sailings where our superior hardware and Perfect Day at CocoCay continue to be winning combination.  More than half of our Caribbean sailings visit Perfect Day at CocoCay, which is Royal Caribbean International's highest-rated destination in the Caribbean. This is a perfect Day opened midway through the second quarter of 2019. These itineraries are driving outsized yield and pricing growth. While the Caribbean has seen booking strength, performance of our European itineraries is also aligned with our initial expectations.  European itineraries account for 17% of full-year capacity peaking at 35% in the third quarter. Bookings for our European sailings have been nicely outpacing 2019 levels with peak summer trending particularly well in recent weeks. Several of our newest ships, including Celebrity Beyond, Odyssey of the Seas and Silver Dawn, are sailing in Europe this summer and are attracting quality demand and rates. Now let me review our 2023 outlook. If you turn to Slide 8, you will see our updated guidance for the full year 2023. We expect net yield growth of 6.75% to 7.75% for the full year. This represents an approximately 400-basis point increase from the midpoint of our prior guidance. About 1/3 of the increase is due to strong Q1 results with the remainder due to better business outlook for the rest of the year.  The underlying yield improvement is driven by the performance of new hardware, strong demand for our core products, particularly Caribbean itineraries and continued strong growth from onboard revenue areas. While yield growth is expected to ramp up for the rest of the year, there is some variability at the quarter level. Yield growth is likely to be the highest in Q2 where we lapped the opening of Perfect Day at CocoCay and benefit from our Caribbean deployment mix. As you can see from our guidance, yields for the back half of the full year are expected to be up by more than 6%. From a cost perspective, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up 5.5% to 6.5% for the full year as compared to 2019. Our cost outlook reflects our culture of continuous improvement and innovation. And we are benefiting from all the actions we have taken over the last several years to support enhanced margins.  Net cruise costs also include 210-basis points of structural cost that we did not have in 2019. Those include, for example, costs related to the full-year operations of Perfect Day at CocoCay and our new Galveston terminal. We continue to actively manage persistent inflation across categories, including food and beverage, airfare, and shoreside human capital. Our teams continue to find ways to manage through inflation while maintaining exceptional guest experience and increasing profitability. Fuel expense is expected to be approximately $1.1 billion for the year and we are 54% hedged for the remaining of the year. Looking ahead, fuel consumption is 25% hedged for 2024, and 5% hedged for 2025. Based on the current business outlook, along with current fuel pricing, currency exchange rates, and interest rates, we expect record adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share of $4.40 to $4.80. Now turning to Slide 9. I'll provide some color on second quarter capacity and guidance. We plan to operate about 11.7 million APCDs during the second quarter. Net yields are expected to be up 10.1% to 10.6% compared to 2019. Exceptional strength in Caribbean itineraries combined with our amazing private island destination Perfect Day at CocoCay is driving the increase in yields.  Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up approximately 8.9% as we continue to focus on margin expansion while revenue accelerates. Second quarter operating costs carry approximately 430-basis points of incremental expenses to weigh on NCCx when compared to 2019, of which half are structural and half are timing from the first quarter. So, in summary, based on current currency exchange rates, fuel rates and interest rates, we expect adjusted earnings per share of $1.50 to $1.60 for the second quarter. Turning to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $3.9 billion in liquidity. Our liquidity remains very strong, and we are focused on expanding our margins to further enhance EBITDA and free cash flow. During the first quarter, we repaid $286 million of debt maturities as well as $2.4 billion of revolver advances. In February, we issued $700 million of senior guaranteed notes at 7.25% coupon to refinance 2023 and 2024 debt maturities.  Our access to capital remains strong, and our execution and performance resonate with our investors and financial partners. We will proactively and methodically continue to improve the balance sheet through debt pay downs and opportunistic refinancings. Our remaining scheduled maturities for 2023 are $1.8 billion, made up predominantly of ECA debt amortization, which we expect to pay down with cash on hand and operating cash flow.  As the business continues to accelerate and generate strong and growing cash flows, we are committed to a disciplined capital allocation and to return to an investment-grade balance sheet profile in line with our Trifecta goals. In closing, our business continues to accelerate, and we expect to grow yields and margin so we can achieve record adjusted EBITDA in 2023. We remain committed and focused on executing on our strategy and delivering on our mission while achieving Trifecta goals. With that, I will ask our operator to open the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Stephen Wieczynski, Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski: Hi, guys. Good morning. So first off, congratulations on a strong quarter. Jason, in the release, you mentioned that for 2023, you're expecting 2023 EBITDA to significantly exceed 2019 levels which is a change in wording relative to where you were back in February. And look, I understand I'm probably knit taking here a little bit, but I just want to understand maybe how we should think about EBITDA trajectory now for the year and the progression you guys are on now to get north of $5 billion in EBITDA by 2025 according to your Trifecta program?
Naftali Holtz: Steve, good morning, it's Naftali. So, as you can see, we are very pleased with the results. And as we think about EBITDA and how this translates to the progression throughout the year. You can see that we are increasing yields, and we expect the EBITDA growth to be higher than our yield growth. And that's because a lot of the revenue is dropping to the bottom line because we are very much focused on costs and enhancing margins.  So, if we look at what we kind of look at the guidance that we provided, we're going to -- we expect to be an eyelash away from our previous EBITDA per APCD record in 2019. And a lot of the things that we're doing and a lot of the strategies that we're employing should benefit to us as we continue to execute towards our Trifecta goal.
Jason Liberty: And I mean, just to add on to it, Steve, as we think about it on the Trifecta side. Obviously, this year -- the performance of this year is better than we -- it's much better than we had expected. And I think the commentary we talked about Icon. Obviously, we have Nova coming online, which is a high-yielding ship. We have Ascent coming online, which is high-yielding. You have Hideaway coming online. And of course, the commentary that we've been talking about that we've seen acceleration in price in volumes is also what we're seeing for like-for-like for 2024, though it's early.  And for us to get to the marks for Trifecta, we really just need moderate yield growth in good cost control, which you continue to show. And so that's kind of very much on our path. And as Naf mentioned, it's great to see that that really almost every penny of the outperformance on revenue is dropping right down to the bottom line, which would be dropping right down to EBITDA.
Steven Wieczynski: That's great color. Thanks guys. And then second question, as we think about the back half of the year, obviously, we can back into your yield guidance. But if we kind of break down those yields a little bit, are you assuming your customer from an on board has obviously been extremely, extremely healthy? And are you assuming that your customer kind of stays in the same ballpark that they are now? Do you have them slowing a little bit in terms of spend levels?  And then second part of this question, which is a little bit different, but we get a lot of questions from investors about demand and demand into 2024. And can the demand levels that are there right now persist into next year? Or is '23 being -- is '23 benefiting from just still kind of reopening and COVID bookings and stuff like that? So hopefully, all that makes sense.
Jason Liberty: Yes, sure. Well, I think, obviously, we don't have a crystal ball. What we know is what we see happening basically every minute of every day. We're taking tens and tens of thousands of bookings a day. We've got 160,000, 170,000 people spending on our ships. And so, we have a very good idea, the customer in terms of what's happening today. We also obviously do a lot of surveying of our customers in terms of what they're looking to do in the future.  And it's obviously clear to us that they are very focused on gathering experiences and creating memories with their friends and family. So, the other point I'll just add is, and this is more on the pre-cruise side and what they're booking on the ship for the future. That number continues to rise, which also just shows their appetite to spend more and more on non-ticket-related spend.  So, I think for us, when we think about the back half of this year, our expectation is that we're going to continue to see what we're seeing. However, the mix changes a little bit. Q3, we have a little bit more Europe. We have a little bit less Caribbean. And of course, you've heard our commentary on the Caribbean is exceptionally strong, which is really what's driving the overall outperformance. While Europe is now very much coming in as we expected for the year.  So, I think that probably talks a little bit about how we think about the back half of next year. Now again, going to demand level for 2024, what we have, again, is what we're seeing day in and day out. And at this point in the year, the customer now, and of course, we began to position ourselves and orient ourselves to 2024 more and more. Certainly, the majority of the bookings we're now taking are focused on 2024. And we see very similar strength and acceleration from what we've been seeing close in as well as what we've been seeing for the bookings for 2023.
Steven Wieczynski: That's great color. Thanks, guys, appreciated. Congratulations.
Michael Bayley: Steve, I just have to add one comment because it's -- I have to talk about Icon of Seas. I think if you think about '24 and the comments we made earlier about Icon. Icon is literally the best-performing new product launch we've ever had in the history of our business, and we're delighted with volume and rate, and that really is a full '24 product. So, you can see if you wanted to use Icon as a proxy, I know it's a brand-new product, and it's stunning, but it's really driving a huge amount of demand and great rate.
Jason Liberty: That probably won't be the first time you hear about Icon from Michael -- just to ...
Steven Wieczynski: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brandt Montour, Barclays.
Brandt Montour: Hi, good morning, everybody. Obviously, an exceptional quarter, congratulations. A question about load factors. I know you guys are going to hit historical load here in the spring. But curious, looking past that, what the new normal for load looks like given maybe you have some regional mix shift, which could affect it, but more so, you have obviously a lot of new capacity that's different and has more onboard and more space. So, any comments about what the new normal looks like for you guys for lows?
Jason Liberty: So, on an expectation standpoint, I mean, just mathematically, our load factor -- our normalized load factor will begin to rise. And that's really leading with Icon coming on, which will have a higher load factor profile. Now we're also taking on Nova, which has a lower load factor than the Royal Caribbean brand and the Celebrity brand, and we're also taking on Ascent, which has lower load factors than Royal. But with Icon coming on next year, Utopia coming on next year, you would expect our load factors to be up one point or two when we look into 2024 and beyond.
Brandt Montour: That's super helpful. And then my second question is just on China. Back in 2019, if I recall, you guys had something like mid-single digits of your global demand coming from China traveling outside of China. And I know there's outbound international flight constraints limiting China outbound travel, but you're probably engaged with your database over there. I'm just curious what you're seeing from them now that they're starting to travel again? And if it's even showing up sort of on the radar in terms of what's booked for this -- for later this year?
Michael Bayley: Yes. It's Michael. Yes, outbound has always been a relatively small percentage of our China business. I think we're now more encouraged by all of the signals that we've had for our reopening in China in '24. And we still got some work to do, but we've now started to rebuild our sales organization in China, and we expect, hopefully, by late spring, early summer to be back operating out of China.
Jason Liberty: '24.
Michael Bayley: '24.
Brandt Montour: And then sorry, that's in terms of actual capacity in China. The question was more about China outbound to other areas.
Michael Bayley: Right. Yes, that's correct. That's in actual capacity operating out of China in '24. As it relates to outbound started to return, but it's obviously coming now from a smaller base.
Brandt Montour: Great. Thanks, so much.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Robin Farley, UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. With that, yield guidance increase. I don't even have a question on demand because that was kind of a mic drop if that increases. I actually have a question kind of -- just looking at -- related to balance sheet issues, another cruise line has talked about getting ECA funding for a significant amount of money that's not related directly to a ship order, but that's for owners extras.  And I'm just wondering, is there potentially opportunity because obviously, those would be at sort of 1% and 2% interest rate. Is there opportunity for Royal? I know you guys aren't doing any big change orders that we know of at the moment, but is there an opportunity for you to get some ECA funding for things not directly related to a ship delivery?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. Robin, it's Naftali. These sales have been fantastic partners to us. We're obviously very committed to our new build program, and they provide us very attractive financing. There's always puts and takes, but we don't expect any material changes from our financing arrangements at this point.
Jason Liberty: Yes. The only point I would just add, Robin, what you're describing is not a new concept. We've actually probably been doing that for about a decade. So, if we have change orders or we have owners’ extras that the same concept of the 80%-20%, 20% down, 80% financed is how those ships have been financed, whether it is for the contract price or other elements that we're adding on to the ship.
Robin Farley: I guess it was really more, I was thinking that it's the first time we've seen sort of like incremental ECA funding that wasn't tied to ships ordered before the pandemic, which -- and again, I know it's tied to a very big change order. So not your situation. And then just one other quick clarification on the expense side of things. When you look at your expenses for the full year.  Obviously, some of it you mentioned structural because you have a full year of CocoCay and Galveston. But you said some of it's transitional. And I don't know if I heard you say, I'm just wondering what amount because, obviously, some of the structural that will be recurring next year. But some of the transition costs would, as they fall away, create an expense decline next year. So, I just, I don't know if you can quantify how many basis points of your full-year increase is one-time?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So, it's predominantly structural. Some of the two examples that you mentioned are there. And obviously, there will be now in our base as we go forward. As we get to our full -- our historical load factors, those transitional costs are very minimal, and we are expecting them to go away. So, it's predominantly the structural costs.
Robin Farley: And I mean, for the transition costs, is there -- is it 100-basis points or 200-basis points of the full year expense this year that in the gearing will ...
Naftali Holtz: It's roughly -- it's even less than -- yes, it's even less than 100-basis points. And with some of the COVID protocols that we had a little bit in Q1 and some of our crew movements that we need to finish up, but that's generally the ballpark.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And in reality, on the cost side, if you take out the transition that of just talked about and you take out the structural, our costs for the year were basically up around 3%. So just to kind of give you the sense of the level of all the actions we took over through COVID to get our cost structure and operating model align has effectively absorbed a tremendous amount of inflation. So, our costs in the assets are really just up 2% to 3%.
Robin Farley: And would you say that inflation is sort of now moderating if we think about 2024, that like the rate of increase in 2024? Or is that 3% something that you would expect to recur?
Jason Liberty: No. I mean it's definitely moderating. I mean it's -- all -- but it's still a pain and it's still coming at you in different ways. But we have -- I mean, our teams are really exceptional trying their very best to combat it and come up with great solutions -- sometimes it's around how do we get goods from point A to point B. And in some cases, how do we just leverage more of our buy across our brands, but it is painful.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And the way -- the word I would say is just persistent right, which it's not unique to us. You see it everywhere. It's definitely moderating. I think the other thing just to point out that our focus is also what you saw in the first quarter, which is as our revenue accelerates, how do we keep the costs down and really try to get that revenue all the way to the bottom line.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you, very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Vince Ciepiel, Cleveland Research Company.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Thanks. I wanted to dig a little bit more into pricing. Obviously, with the net yield guidance, it looks like net for the end of this year, to be up high singles, maybe even approaching 10% versus 19%? I'm curious kind of how you might break out or talk directionally about how much of that is like-for-like versus new hardware versus CocoCay lift? And then maybe just zeroing in on the like-for-like, your ability to continue to move that up in years ahead when you consider the value gap versus land?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So first, you're right. If you kind of look at the pricing. It is an eyelash away from double digits. We do have some structural costs, especially on the back end of the year. We eliminated some of the lag reporting lag for Silversea. If you take that out, we are double digits. So, we're very pleased with that.  And it comes from different things. Yes, we have eight new ships that we did not have in 2019. That's a great yield driver and price driver. We have a lot of these ships going to CocoCay that continues to track yield premiums, we have the onboard strength that we are -- that we continue to execute on. So, all of these are driving the pricing increase and the pricing strength. And we also see like-for-like pricing increase as well. So, it's a demand environment. It's all these actions that we have taken that we think are going to continue to benefit us beyond 2023.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I just want to add, what's also just very encouraging when you see -- which is effectively a double-digit price increase for us. That also does not include -- I mean -- or the negative side of this is we don't have China, obviously, here in 2023, which had a substantial APCD differential to the average. We also sold Azamara, which was a higher-yielding versus the average. And so, to be at a double-digit price increase and which has been accelerating, I think, really just shows the strength of leisure, the strength of crews and the strength for our brands.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. And then a little bit longer-term question. Your 1Q margin looks like it was basically back in line with pre-COVID levels if you ex. fuel and the guide suggest that, builds further as you move through '23. So, I think that's really reflective of gains in the core operations of the business. And in light of that, curious how you're feeling about the ROIC target long term? I think you said teens, which feels like a pretty broad range. But in light of the progress you're making in '23 on the margin front, just how you're feeling about longer-term ROIC?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, I think first off, we are, based off of this latest guide, we are now in double digits on an ROIC basis. And so, our focus here is to have a business model that during good times and bad times stays within the teens on an ROIC basis. The focus on margin and also the capital discipline that you're seeing us employ each and every day, we think very much gets us there with moderate yield growth and good cost control.  So, we feel very good about our Trifecta goals. We talked about that as that's really us just getting to base camp, which is your kind of pre-COVID levels scaled up for the additional capacity on our business. And really, if you just think about 2023 in itself, if it wasn't for the crisis actions we had to take, we will be well north of our 2019 earnings and well north of our '19 ROIC. So that's how I think we think about the business and the organic growth we have with the ships coming online and react we have on the destination side is really well positioning us.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Benjamin Chaiken, Credit Suisse.
Benjamin Chaiken: Just one for me. On CocoCay, are you still seeing the same pricing premiums to those itineraries as you did to the rest of the portfolio as you did in '19? And I asked that in the context of there just being much more capacity at the island today than a few years ago. And then part two, I think Hideaway Beach is a 4Q opening. Any color on demand or pricing there? Thanks.
Michael Bayley: Benjamin, yes, I mean I think we're truly delighted with Perfect Day, and I think the comments earlier, we spoke about the volume that we're attracting to Perfect Day. This year, we'll take around 2.5 million of our guests to Perfect Day and the pricing premiums continue to be really robust, and the spend on the island continues to be really robust as well.  So, we've seen -- as we've increased the volume, we've seen no decline in the power of the pricing. And in fact, it continues to accelerate. With Hideaway Beach, that will accommodate approximately 2,500 more gas. So today, we're I think in March, we had close to 250,000 guests in Perfect Day. And on average now, we're having around 11,000 guests a day in CocoCay.  With Hideaway, we can add another 2,500, 3,000 guests. And that's really for design to be open in time for Icon of Seas. And of course, Icon will visit at the end of January, and Icon will be going to Perfect Day every single week. We've also got Utopia coming online in June. We haven't announced the deployment, but Utopia will also be going to Perfect Day. And the demand is just very strong. I mean we've seen -- there's a lot of demand for that particular product in any of our ships that have Perfect Day on their itinerary demanded, and there's strong pricing premium that we see there.
Jason Liberty: But just one point on Hideaway for modeling purposes. Just keep in mind that it's coming online at the very end of this year. But its ramp-up of operations and so forth, as Michael said, is kind of in line when Icon comes online, which will be towards the end of January. So just as you're thinking about yielding costs, just keep that in mind.
Benjamin Chaiken: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Michael Bayley: Also, Benjamin, just to add a quick comment, not on Perfect Day, but we did receive the kind of the greenlight approval from the Bahamian government to proceed through the environmental and permitting and planning process now in the Bahamas. So, our intention is to have the Royal Beach Club open in -- towards the end of the spring-summer of '25. And that new addition to the portfolio is also going to really produce an incredible experience for -- certainly for the short product and the short product is doing exceptionally well at the moment. We continue to increase our short product and put really great ships into that market. So, the combination of Perfect Day on one day and the Beach Club on the second day really is a winning combination.
Benjamin Chaiken: And forgive me, is the expectations around the Royal Beach Club, is that a similar size to highway or large -- smaller, larger, just more capacity standpoint?
Michael Bayley: Actually, from a capacity perspective, it's very similar to Hideaway. Remember, Hideaway is part of the Perfect Day experience. So, the Perfect Day experience capacity will be around 13,000 a day. But the Beach Club's capacity will be around 2,500 to 2,750 a day.
Operator: Your next question comes from Conor Cunningham from Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham: Just on the $5.3 billion in customer deposits that you have. I was curious if you could parse out what percentage of the bookings are people that are new to cruise versus historical levels. It just seems like that, you're gaining a lot of momentum there. Just curious on where that sits. Thanks.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So, as we -- I think Jason said this in his prepared remarks, this quarter, and it's been consistent in the last several quarters. The combination of new to our brands and new to our crews significantly exceeded 2019 levels. So, we're very pleased with seeing this quality demands and our brands attracting new people to our ecosystem. And at the same time, we also focused on making sure that they stay there, right, then increase repeat rates. This is all in line with our strategies. So, some of the benefit you see in the first quarter in these customer deposits is just more people looking with us, new to our brands, and new to cruise.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. That's helpful. And then just I was hoping if you could unpack a little bit just on this close-in pricing momentum that you saw in the quarter. What did you assume originally? And then first, how it played out? And just how you're thinking about that trend through the remainder of the year? I realize load factors are stepping up. So, there's probably less to fill. But just curious on how you're thinking about that going forward? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, I think first, what I would say is it was a -- it was an incredible surprise at the differential between our WAVE expectations close in versus the realities of what occurred. There was a substantial difference versus '19 levels, which were already at a record high. And so, we built another three or four load factor points. As you pointed out, Conor, we are -- our expectations for the balance of the year was to be at normal load factors. So, those book positions were higher, so there is less inventory.  But certainly, there is the opportunity. And of course, we've we recognize a lot of that opportunity in terms of the expectation that those volumes will continue and at higher rates. I think the thing that was a great I wouldn't say a surprise, but delight to us was while the volumes were building at those large volumes. We were also able to continue to raise pricing during that period of time, which is not always what you see as you -- times in which you're looking to fill certain volume gaps.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And just as I think I said it in my prepared remarks, 2/3 of our yield outperformance in the quarter were just load factors. We built 200-basis points more, and the remaining was just higher pricing, both on ticket and exceptional strength on onboard revenue.
Operator: Matthew Boss from JPMorgan is up next.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks, and, congrats on a really nice print. Maybe to follow up on demand. As we think about the drivers and the magnitude of the top line upside relative to where we stood three months back, I guess maybe if you could help to maybe rank order the upside? And then could you elaborate on your most recent momentum that you cited in bookings that you've seen? And finally, maybe just relative to the Trifecta plan that you laid out in November '22. What's your confidence today? Or just help us to think about puts and takes to consider relative to when you initially laid this out?
Jason Liberty: Okay. Well, I'll take a stab at it and for my teammates here to add in. I think, first, just starting off on Trifecta. We feel very good about our Trifecta program. Obviously, the results of what we're talking about today in terms of the acceleration, the higher pricing, our continued ability to manage our costs is all very encouraging as we kind of think through what 2025 is going to look at or look like. There's always headwinds that you're dealing with. But we do really believe that biosis continuing to moderately grow our yields and managing our costs and managing our capital allocation, we see kind of clear skies towards those goals.  There's obviously things in which when we think about negative carry, we think about, and how to manage that and get that down to the levels to get our earnings power back from there. That's also kind of top of mind for us. As it relates to on the demand side, just to be -- I think which we kind of laid out in our remarks, there are several things. First is the Caribbean has been exceptionally strong, especially ships that are touching a Perfect Day. We saw a huge strength from onboard, spend has been very, very strong. It's not one area of onboard. It's really across the board.  So that's really -- that's been very encouraging. Our North American products have all been booking well, Alaska, Northeast and so forth. And for Europe, I think we were a little bit concerned going into the year. But because of our global and nimble sourcing model, we really have seen a surge in European bookings, and we feel very good on how Europe is going to play out this year, but not to the level that we saw in the Caribbean. And so that just broader combination is what's driving acceleration and demand acceleration in pricing -- and we -- while we doubled our yield and increased our earnings by 40%.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. Just to add, it's Naftali, I think first on the latest points around the demand, I think if you kind of zoom out a little bit, we did talk about and we've been talking about the valve proposition of cruise being very attractive, and you see that played out. So, our goal is to close the gap and we do that with the ships that we have, the experiences we deliver Perfect Day at CocoCay, some of the itineraries we designed.  But those are things that if you the consumer are, obviously, it's very attractive. On the Trifecta, I just want to make one comment, which is, as we were designing it, we weren't designing it for a perfect environment, right? So as Jason said, there's puts and takes, there's headwinds, tailwinds. And as we were designing those coordinates, we're confident we can get there.
Michael Bayley: And Matthew, you just to add, when just using the Royal Caribbean International as a proxy for the company. When I think about 2024 and 2025, we've got Icon of the Seas coming online. We've got Utopia of Seas. We've got Hideaway Beach and Perfect Day coming online in late this year. We've got expectations that China will be up and operating in '24, and we've got the Beach Club coming online in '25.  So, just from the Royal Brands perspective, we've got an incredible lineup of really new and exciting products. And we've seen that these products really do ignite the market and generate significant demand. So, we feel pretty optimistic about the future.
Matthew Boss: It's great color. Congrats again and best of luck.
Operator: Next up, we'll hear from Daniel Politzer, Wells Fargo.
Daniel Politzer: Hi, good morning, everyone. Congrats on the quarter. Just a quick one for me. The Caribbean itineraries, I mean it sounds like pricing is tracking -- pricing and demand is tracking well above your expectations. And you've talked about this shift to short-term product. Could you see a prolonged shift there? And how do you think about your capacity allocation over the next kind of year or two as it relates to Europe and some of the more premium itineraries relative to kind of the lift you're probably getting now from CocoCay?
Jason Liberty: I think we feel pretty good about the balance of our deployment. We have been -- I think we have shown that having great assets like Perfect Day, putting great assets in the short product, which connects very well to millennials and Gen X and so forth that are looking for more volume vacation experiences and they do that over shorter periods of time.  And so that really kind of zones into that clientele. But I think when we look -- and of course, our deployment will shift a little bit in our expectations as we look forward as we expect China to come online and Asia/Pac to kind of like light back up here in '24 and 2025. But Caribbean is going to continue to be where the majority of our capacity is. And I think our broader portfolio of deployment more or less look like it does this year with a little bit more indexing into short and play a little bit more indexing into China.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks. And just for my follow-up, I wanted a little bit more color on China and maybe that cruise customer, if you can maybe put a little bit more color around what looked like historically in terms of mix of pre-board spend versus onboard, the EBITDA relative to the rest of your portfolio per APCD yields, kind of any additional color as we think about the reopening and take that into account given the strong and robust demand from the travel and leisure customer there?
Michael Bayley: So then, pre-pandemic, we built a significant business for cruise in the China market. I think Royal was the number one cruise brand in China by volume, and we had a few of our ships that were operating there. And in fact, before the pandemic, we had Wonder of the Seas originally planned to deploy into the China market, which, of course, subsequently changed.  Our expectation is that this market will return to how it was pre-pandemic. The value of a Chinese customer is very high. When you look at the net revenue from a Chinese consumer. It's typically around the same level as an American and slightly higher. So, we see that returning. The spend changes somewhat in terms of onboard spending. They skew differently in different areas. But overall, the aggregate of their spend is very high. So, we believe that, that market will return, and we're hoping in '24, we'll see that.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks, so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Fred Wightman, Wolfe Research.
Frederick Wightman: Hi, guys. Good morning. I was hoping you could just talk a bit more about -- if you think about the really strong demand you're seeing for the Caribbean and sort of in-line European demand, what is driving sort of that divergence? Is it just that CocoCay is that attractive? Are you hearing pushback on European airfare? Like where is the biggest difference?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think in the earlier part of the year, we were a little bit concerned about the airlift for Europe but that has kind of normalized at least for our guests. And also, don't forget, we source as well in Europe for our European product. And that just goes back to our business model of having this kind of global, nimble sourcing model.  So, I think that's how we kind of think about that. As it relates to the Caribbean, I think it's a combination of things and as Naf pointed out, there is still a significant value gap between land-based vacation and cruise. I think we have closed some of that gap this year, which is encouraging. And we saw a pre-pandemic that ships that touched Perfect Day as an example had really kind of closed the gap to land-based, especially Orlando and Vegas.  And what we are doing -- what we are seeing is, that is starting to kind of get back to '19 levels so the gap still exists as those businesses got stronger during the period. And so, I don't think it's one thing. But I think the value gap, I think that the demand to spend time with people's friends and family and gather experiences and buy less stuff, all these secular and demographic trends are just huge tailwinds for the demand environment.
Frederick Wightman: Makes sense. And then on the expense side, you guys called out some benefit from expense timing in the quarter. I think that was sized at 180-basis points. Is that all showing up in the 2Q guide to some of that get punted 3Q and 4Q? How should we think about that?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. It's -- I mean, majority of it, almost all of it isn’t should be expected in Q2.
Frederick Wightman: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Paul Golding, Macquarie Capital.
Paul Golding: Thanks so much and congrats on the quarter. Just one for me, longer-term question here. I know you are still building load factor. But as you think about Q1 and the strength and close in bookings, does this change the way you think about WAVE and how you manage the booking curve and inventory as you go into the next WAVE cycle, the next booking cycle? And just in the context of what we had through the pandemic, which was a bit protracted booking curve. Thanks so much.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, we actually -- through the COVID period had kind of shifted how we go to market with our inventory. We used to kind of put everything out there and all the suites would be sold basically right off the bat, and then you would kind of work your way down to the inside cabins. Well, now we hold back inventory and we release it, based off, of the much more sophisticated revenue management models that we have today.  And so, all of that takes into account the demand environment we are seeing and that's why I think sometimes when we get into conversations around what percent booked are you? How does it relate to this period versus that period? What we are really focused on is optimizing yield. And so there might be periods where quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year, we want to be in a stronger book position or less or lesser than what we were booked in a previous period because what we're focused on is maximizing yield, which sometimes comes with us having more inventory to sell.
Paul Golding: Appreciate the context. Thanks.
Michael McCarthy: Okay. Well, we thank everyone.
Operator: Go ahead.
Jason Liberty: Thank you. We thank everyone for their participation and interest in the company. Michael McCarthy will be available for any follow-up. So, we wish you all a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Once again, everyone, that does conclude today's conference. We would like to thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Royal Caribbean Group's Fourth Quarter Full Year 2022 and Business Update Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to introduce Michael McCarthy, Vice President of Investor Relations Mr. McCarthy, the floor is yours.
Michael McCarthy: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter and full year 2022 business update conference call. Joining me here in Miami are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International. Before we get started, I'd like to note that we're making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our website and in our earnings release available at www.rclinvestor.com. Jason will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow with a recap of our fourth quarter and full year results and an update on our latest actions and on the current booking environment. We will then open the call for your questions. With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Liberty : Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. Before getting started, and on behalf of the entire Royal Caribbean Group organization, 100,000 proud, I want to express how happy we are that our business has returned to normal. In fact, as you saw in the release this morning, our business is accelerating. So let me get into the detail and start off by talking about the fourth quarter and the full year 2022. As highlighted on Slide 6, 2022 was a challenging but successful transitional year as we returned our business to full operations and delivered memorable vacations to 6 million guests. As you can see on Slide 7, during the fourth quarter, demand for our brands accelerated. We delivered a record 1.8 million vacations, achieved a 95% load factor and successfully returned to Australia for the first time in three years. Pricing for our vacation experiences was higher than record 2019 levels when we operated with normalized occupancy and guest satisfaction scores were exceptional. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted loss per share were above our expectations and at the high end of our guidance. It is incredible to consider that just one year ago, we were in the midst of Omicron, we were still returning our ships to service, and we were sailing at load factors below 60%. Our fourth quarter results clearly demonstrate that we are back, back to usual occupancy, back to our full addressable market, back to EBITDA and cash flow profitability, back to providing full year guidance and most importantly, back to delivering a record number of incredible vacations on the most innovative fleet in the industry. We finished 2022 on a high note and are entering 2023 with the full strength of our operating and commercial platforms. Our strong book position along with the normalization of the booking window provides the visibility needed for us to resume annual guidance, which is in line with our Trifecta program. I am incredibly thankful and proud of everyone at the Royal Caribbean Group for executing so well on our mission of delivering the best vacation experiences responsibly and building the foundation for our future growth. There has been a lot of talk about the state of the consumer, so I want to share what we are seeing from daily interactions with consumers who are either booking their dream vacations or who are currently sailing on one of our amazing ships. Overall, we continue to see robust demand, financially healthy, highly engaged consumers that are excited to sail on our brands. Secular tailwinds continue to benefit us as consumer preferences shift from goods to experiences. Entertainment and travel spend remains strong and the job market continues to show resilience. Consumer sentiment has improved and banks have recently reported healthy savings and continued resilience in credit card spending. Our addressable market is larger than in 2019 and continues to grow. Our products appeal to a broad range of vacationers with everything from a short getaway to Perfect Day to a luxury world cruise. Cruising remains an exceptionally attractive value proposition. And as I have said in the past, it is too attractive, and we are working very hard every day to close that gap. Growth in cruise search has outpaced general vacation searches, resulting in double the number of visits to our websites compared to 2019. Our brands are attracting new customers into our vacation ecosystem with fourth quarter new-to-cruise and new-to-brand mix above 2019 levels. We are constantly enhancing our commercial capabilities so we can further capture quality demand. Approximately 60% of our guests book some of their onboard activities in advance of their cruise, representing double-digit growth in pre-cruise purchase penetration when compared to 2019 at significantly higher rates. As we have said before, every dollar a guest spends before the cruise translates into about $0.70 when they sail with us and over double the overall spending when compared to other guests. Our guests are now engaging with us to book onboard activities much earlier than in 2019. So far, guests booked on 2023 sailings purchased onboard experiences an average of more than two months earlier than in 2019. This translates into more revenue, stickier bookings and happy guests. Now I'll provide some insight into the demand environment and what can only be described as a record-breaking WAVE season. As you can see on Slide 8, bookings outpaced 2019 levels by a very wide margin throughout the fourth quarter with particularly strong trends during Cyber Weekend. We expected a strong WAVE season, but what we are currently experiencing has exceeded all expectations even when considering our capacity growth. As a result, and as highlighted on Slide 9, the seven biggest booking weeks in our company's history all occurred since our last earnings call. Our commercial apparatus is full speed ahead, and all channels are delivering quality demand above 2019 levels. Our direct-to-consumer channels continue to perform exceptionally well as a combination of consumer preference for digital engagement and our enhanced capabilities is supporting record level bookings. We are also encouraged that our strong base of loyal travel partners continues to recover and supporting our brands with bookings above 2019 levels. As always the case, trends vary by region. We are seeing particularly strong booking trends for North American-based sailings, which account for nearly 70% of our capacity this year. From a cumulative standpoint, these itineraries are now booked at the same load factor as they were in 2019 and at higher prices. Our 2023 European sailings are booked within historical ranges at better rates with recent bookings outpacing 2019 levels. We expect almost 80% of our guests to come from North America as we continue to see particularly healthy demand from that region. Our global brand's appeal and nimble sourcing models allow us to continuously shift sourcing to the highest-yielding guests. I will now comment on our outlook for 2023. In 2023, we expect to deliver amazing vacation experiences to over 8 million guests at record yields as we deploy our best-in-class fleet across the best global itineraries. The ramp-up of our load factors in 2022, coupled with a higher and improving pricing environment, is positioning us to fully recover our yields beyond 2019 levels in the first quarter, which is another important milestone, and then ramp up further to record levels as we return to historical load factors in late spring. Our strong yield growth outlook is driven by the performance of our new hardware, strong demand for our core products and continued growth from onboard revenue areas. This year, we expect to increase capacity by approximately 14% compared to 2019 with eight new ships already introduced since 2019 and three more set to be delivered this year. Each of our wholly owned brands will welcome a new vessel in 2023. Silversea will welcome Silver Nova, the first of the Evolution class. Celebrity Cruises, will welcome the fourth Edge series ship, Celebrity Ascent. And Royal Caribbean International will take delivery of Icon of the Seas, marking the first new ship class for the brand in nine years, which is sure to set a new standard for vacation experiences. In addition to our incredible new vessels, we plan to launch Hideaway Beach in the fourth quarter of 2023, an adult-only neighborhood, making Perfect Day at CocoCay more perfect and increasing capacity in the island to 13,000 visitors daily. Our journey to deepen the relationship with the customer will continue with 2023. We will further enhance our commerce capabilities to optimize our distribution channels, build a deeper connection with guests and lower customer acquisition costs. We will also further enhance our e-commerce and pre-cruise capabilities and focus on increasing our guest repeat rate and spend. We will continue to excel in the core and drive business excellence in order to increase yields and capture efficiencies across our platform. Our teams have been working hard for over two years to reshape our cost structure and abate what would have otherwise been at least a 25% increase in nonfuel cost per APCD when compared to 2019. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, is expected to grow 4.75% to 5.75% versus 2019. That's versus a three-year benchmark that includes a period of significant global inflation. Our cost outlook for the year includes approximately 210 basis points from lingering transitional costs such as crew movement and additional structural costs such as full year operations of Perfect Day at CocoCay and our new Galveston terminal. Our teams have been committed to controlling costs and enhancing profitability while focusing on delivering the best guest experience. We continue to expect the business to accelerate and allow us to deliver record yield and adjusted EBITDA in 2023. Our proven formula for success remains unchanged: Moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost controls leads to enhanced margins, profitability and superior financial performance. Our ESG ambitions help inform our strategic and financial decisions on a daily basis, ensuring that we always act responsibly while achieving our long-term profitability goals. In 2023, we will continue active efforts towards our target of reducing carbon intensity by double digits by 2025. We also expect to deliver on significant milestones in our decarbonization pathway, including the advanced technologies on our new ships, while also investing in retrofitting our existing fleet with a mission of reducing technology and programs. We will utilize tools to expand supplier diversity and improve our ability to build an exclusive network of suppliers. We will further focus on improving diversity, equity and inclusion and ensure our employees are physically and mentally healthy. To wrap up, 2023 sets the foundation for our Trifecta program. Our people are committed to our mission of delivering the best vacations responsibly and doing so while achieving our Trifecta goals. In 2023, we will be hard at work executing on our strategic pillars, focusing on deepening customer relationships, delivering the best hardware and destinations and excelling in the core. The future of the Royal Caribbean Group is bright. I am confident in our growth trajectory and our ability to deliver on our near-term and long-term goals as well as to reach new financial records. And with that, I will turn it over to Naf. Naf?
Naftali Holtz : Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin by discussing our results for the fourth quarter. As you can see on Slide 10, we reported a net loss of $500 million or loss per share of $1.96 and adjusted net loss of approximately $300 million or per share of $1.12. The results were above our expectations at the high end of our guidance range. Total revenue was $2.6 billion, operating cash flow was $600 million and adjusted EBITDA was $409 million, again, above our expectation and guidance. Fourth quarter outperformance was a result of continued strong demand for our brands vacation experiences, strong close-in bookings at higher prices and continued strength of onboard revenue. Better cost management and favorable timing of expenses across several categories, lower fuel rates, lower customer acquisition cost and lower interest expense also contributed to the financial results. We finished the fourth quarter at 95% load factor with peak December holiday sailings at 110%. Load factors varied by itinerary with the Caribbean averaging 100% in both late season Europe and Australia, which opened in Q4 at just under 90%. Total revenue per passenger cruise day was up 4.5% in constant currency compared to the record fourth quarter of 2019. Net yield was down 7.4% in the fourth quarter compared to 2019, a significant improvement for the 14% decline in Q3 and above our expectation. 2022 closed out as a successful transitional year and we generated $8.8 billion of total revenue, $712 million of adjusted EBITDA and almost $500 million of operating cash flow. I'll now provide an update on our 2023 business. Let's start with capacity. Our overall capacity for 2023 will be about 14% higher than 2019. Nearly 70% of our '23 capacity will sail on North America-based itineraries, about 17% will be in Europe and close to 10% will be in the APAC region. The remaining capacity will operate in a number of other regions, including South America and Antarctica. From a cumulative standpoint, our book load factor remains well within historical ranges and we have meaningfully narrowed the gap to 2019 levels. Overall, our North America-based itineraries, many of which visit the amazing Perfect Day at CocoCay, are booked in line with 2019 for the full year and are ahead for Q2 forward at better rates. Sailings in Europe are booked within historical ranges and are catching up. We have seen improved booking trends for these itineraries so far in WAVE, particularly from the U.S. and the UK. We expect the improvement to continue, supported by our global sourcing model. Constant currency net yields are expected to be higher than 2019 in all four quarters with more growth for Q2 through Q4, when load factors returned to normal. The return to yield growth in the first quarter marks a significant point in our recovery and highlights the resilience of our company, the strength of our brands and the consumers' desire to spend on our amazing vacation experiences. As of December 31, our customer deposit balance was $4.2 billion, which is about $400 million higher than our balance at the end of the fourth quarter in 2019. Shifting to costs. Our teams continue to demonstrate the ability to manage cost pressures while staying focused on our mission of delivering incredible vacation experiences to our guests. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel per APCD increased 3.9% as reported and 4.7% in constant currency compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Net cruise costs for the fourth quarter included $1.23 per APCD or a 100 basis point impact of transitory costs related to our health protocols and lagging costs relating to fleet ramp-up and crew movements. We expect these transitory costs to substantially dissipate as the majority of our crew has returned and protocols have eased. Our teams have been working constantly for over two years on reshaping our cost structure through operational and distribution efficiencies, and leveraging group scale. We continue to see the benefits further materialize in 2023 to partially mitigate continued inflationary pressures. Regarding fuel. Fuel rates are coming off the highs of last year. We continue to improve consumption and have partially hedged the rate, which is helping us mitigate the volatility and cost of fuel expense. As of today, fuel consumption is 55% hedged for '23 and 10% for 2024. As highlighted on Slide 11, we are resuming annual guidance for the first time in 3 years as we have more visibility into our book of business and the year ahead. We expect net yield growth of 2.5% to 4.5% for the full year. The underlying yield improvement is driven by the performance of new hardware, strong demand for our core products, continued growth from onboard revenue areas, and it also accounts for lower expected load factors versus 2019 levels. We expect yields to ramp up as we will return to historical load factors in late spring such that we achieved record yields and revenue throughout the year. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up 4.75% to 5.75% for the full year as compared to 2019. Our cost outlook reflects our culture of continuous improvement and innovation. Now let's remember that we are comparing cost figures to a three-year-old benchmark, including a period of high global inflation. We expect that NCCx also includes 210 basis points of lagging transitory and structural costs. Inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions continue to put pressure on costs across many categories, including food and beverage, airfare and shoreside human capital. Our teams continue to find creative ways to manage through inflation and increase profitability. Lastly, costs in the first half of the year are also burdened by more dry dock days during the second half of the year. Fuel expense is expected to be approximately $1.1 billion for the year, and we are 55% hedged at below market rates. Based on current fuel pricing, currency exchange rates and interest rates, we expect record adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share of $3 to $3.60. Now turning to Slide 12, I'll provide some color on first quarter capacity and guidance. We plan to operate about 11.2 million APCDs during the first quarter with load factors at 100%.  Let me break down first quarter capacity expectations a little more. During the quarter, approximately 80% of our capacity will operate from North America, mostly sailing to the Caribbean. This is higher than in the first quarter of 2019, particularly for short Caribbean sailings, and we have added more capacity in the region to capitalize on the incredible Perfect Day at CocoCay which was not yet opened three years ago. 10% of our capacity is in Australia, close to 5% is in Asia and the remainder spread across multiple other itineraries. Based on current currency exchange rates, fuel rates and interest rates, we expect adjusted loss per share of $0.65 to $0.85. Net yields are expected to be up 1% to 2% versus 2019 in constant currency. We are excited to finally recover our yields to record 2019 levels and continue to work hard at further growing our yields and revenues as occupancy level normalizes. On the cost side, overall, we expect our net cruise costs, excluding fuel, to be up approximately 8.5% compared to '19. Similar to the full year guidance, the first quarter carries 320 basis points of transitory costs, structural costs and timing of expenses that are weighing on NCCx when compared to the first quarter of 2019. Shifting to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $2.9 billion in liquidity. Our liquidity remains strong, and we are focused on expanding our margins to further enhance EBITDA and free cash flow. Our ultimate goal is to return the balance sheet to an investment-grade profile. During the fourth quarter, we repaid $600 million of debt maturities and closed on the refinancing of $2 billion of secured and guaranteed debt previously due June 2023. Additionally, in January, we successfully extended $2.3 billion of our existing revolver credit facility commitment to April 2025. Our access to capital remains strong, and our execution and performance resonate with our investors and financial partners. We will proactively and methodically continue to manage near-term maturities and improve the balance sheet. For 2023, our scheduled debt maturities are $2.1 billion, made up of predominantly ECA debt amortization, which we expect to pay down with cash on hand and cash flow generated from operations. Our business continues to accelerate, and we expect to grow yields and control costs, such as we achieved record yields and adjusted EBITDA in 2023 as we regained the tremendous profitability of our business. Our strong book position and enhanced commercial capabilities provide further visibility into 2023 and remain committed and focused on executing our strategy and delivering our mission while achieving the Trifecta goals. With that, I will ask our operator to open the call for a Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski : Good morning, and very solid results here. So look, when -- you're back to getting the way you used to guide before COVID, which should tell us that your visibility is as good as it's probably ever been or I should say, back to normal. So my question is like historically, you've turned the year, let's call it, 55% to 60% booked. And I first want to understand maybe kind of where you stand right now in terms of that book position versus historical levels. And then it does seem based on your current strong visibility that if your customer base stays pretty much status quo. It would seem to us that your EBITDA for this year would not just exceed 2019 levels, but I mean, pretty well exceed 2019 levels. I just want to understand if that's fair. And your guidance maybe incorporates some conservatism around maybe consumer trends.
Jason Liberty: Steve, thank you for your questions. I would first start off and say that on a book position standpoint, we're now an eyelash away from our historical load factors or book position. But we also expect our load factors as we guided to be a little bit lower until we get into the spring, and that's why on the Q1, our load factor. So when you adjust for our expectations on load factors, we're in a very strong book position and at rates that are considerably higher than what we saw in 2019. I think your teams have put together a forecast that we believe is achievable, and it is based off of what we believe is very strong visibility on the revenue side as well as our ability to manage our cost structure. We do expect to exceed handsomely our EBITDA that we generated in 2019. And clearly, we see patterns continuing to accelerate in the way that they are, there's certainly opportunity for us to have a better outcome for the year. But I think we're thoughtful in just how we've always been. We're very thoughtful on how we guide. We're thoughtful on how we're seeing these different products and markets operate. And so, we feel really strongly about 2023. And quite frankly, we feel very strongly when we consider the acceleration towards Trifecta.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then second question would be around the transitory costs. And I would assume that most of these costs are kind of hitting your -- the other operating and SG&A lines. But look, I would assume by the time we get to the third quarter, maybe fourth quarter, the majority of those headwinds should be gone. And by the time we get to '24, all those costs should be gone. I just want to make sure that I'm kind of thinking about that the right way.
Naftali Holtz: Hey, Steve. Yes, that's exactly right. And you can see that we made progress every quarter, and we expect that to dissipate as we progress throughout the year.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And I just want to add because I know it was in our remarks, but we're a little bit of a different organization than we were in 2019. We have a full year of Perfect Day now. We have things like Galveston. We've also shed some businesses like Azamara as an example. And so, I think when you step back and you see that our costs are basically up mid-single digits versus 2019, and 210 basis points of that are the structural and some transitory, you kind of get into like a 3% or so cost of increase versus '19. What it shows is that what we were saying during the pandemic about us getting into our wedding weight has really helped us absorb a very high inflationary environment that we've all experienced during 2019, and that is really the result of incredible effort by our brands and our shared service areas who really put the time and the work in while not impacting the guest experience.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley : Just wanted to get a little bit more of a split in your yield guidance between the occupancy and the revenue per day piece of it because thinking about the occupancy issues sort of going to cure itself, and I guess, we would think about that price increase as something that would carry forward into 2024, unless you think that some of that pricing -- that there's a trade-off to get back to full occupancy. So just trying to think about how much of the yield increase that you're guiding to, really when the occupancy is back, implies a price -- a greater yield increase for going forward?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So Robin, so first, for the full year, obviously, many moving pieces as we are again comparing a three-year benchmark. And as Jason said, just a minute ago, we were obviously different. So we are good at some ships, some brands. We added Galveston. We have direct contribution now from Perfect Day at CocoCay. All of it is slightly negative to yield, but overall, obviously, very, very important to us. The majority of the benefit that you see on the yield side is from new hardware. We also put that hardware on the best itineraries. They have more onboard revenue opportunities. And the rest, the like-for-like, that is up despite the fact that, as you mentioned, the load factors are much lower than what we had in '19. For Q1, if we adjust for the load factor, the difference -- yield would have been around mid-single digits. So it's obviously more impact for Q1.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Thanks. And then maybe just sort of follow-up to that is one of your Trifecta goals is that sort of EBITDA per berth that you've given us a long-term goal. Is there any kind of ballpark EBITDA per berth that you might give sort of a range for '23? Just thinking about, obviously, the -- a lot of the EBITDA versus '19 would clearly be above given the 14% capacity growth. So if we just think about the passenger billing on per berth basis, just kind of wondering how recovered you may be in '23 versus '19?
Jason Liberty: Yes. And so, Robin, just -- we've -- obviously, we’ve moved now to start to guide back to what we were doing in 2019 to make sure we create comparability. We clearly believe that our EBITDA is going to be up and our EBITDA per berth is on its way getting back to those record levels, which is really just being impacted by fuel prices. But that's really where we're very focused because we believe one of our paths to getting to ROIC in the teens is obviously focusing on improving our margins across all of our brands. And so, that's how we've guided for 2023 and the focus is very heavy on -- internally on us improving those margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research Company.
Vince Ciepiel: Helpful commentary there with the onboard bookings in advance and especially strong results during 4Q despite you continuing to close that occupancy gap versus 2019. So curious how you're thinking about that on board for passenger cruise day throughout the course of this year as you fill out the interior shift, I imagine there's maybe a little bit of a mix headwind there. But can these onboard less remain elevated? And secondarily to that, the ticket component, how would you expect that to evolve through the course of this year?
Michael Bayley: This is Michael. If you remember, when we first started coming out of the pandemic, and we saw this really strong robust onboard spend, we wondered how long it would last for. And we had different theories about that. It's just continued to strengthen. And I think all of the investments we made during the pandemic with [Hybris] and our pre-cruise software and our capabilities with the web, really has changed this needle. And we just continue to see incredible strength with the onboard spend and the number continues to improve. So the pre-cruise penetration is now above 60%. We've now got 25% of activity occurring on our app, which is something new over the past couple of months. We've made multiple changes to the software and our capabilities to communicate with the customer pre-cruise and on cruise. And the response has been extremely positive. So we see a great deal of strength. We're very pleased with the performance, and we think it's going to continue all the way through this year and into '24.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I just want to just add on a few things. Obviously, as we add more third and fourths, that can weigh a little bit on the average APD on the onboard side. But I think what's important to point out is that the strength in onboard and the spending, as Michael mentioned, one is obviously the consumer or our addressable consumer is healthy, is sitting on a lot of savings, is searching for experiences and creating memories with their friends and family. But our ability to get the consumer to book earlier is really the main force behind why we're seeing an increase in onboard activity. So a healthy consumer certainly helps. Their desires and interests certainly help. But also allowing them to effectively get at least a day back of their vacation by being -- allowing them to plan what they want to do on the ship as well as shore excursions is certainly creating a great tailwind for us. And on the ticket side, we expect our ticket yields to continue and APDs to increase. There's a little bit of always that how we package and how we do things can lead a little bit more into ticket or a little bit more on to onboard depending on how it is with the brand. And also one of the -- I think the other drivers on the ticket and onboard side is just whether it's through e-commerce and other things. We're taking more and more friction out of the acquisition experience or how the customer shops. And that's also allowing them to get the vacation of choice that they're looking for and on the platform or the channel of choice that they choose to go through.
Vince Ciepiel: That's helpful. And maybe taking a step back, a bigger picture question. If you look at the order book for industry supply growth, looks like kind of this 4% to 5% range in '23 and '24, but then falls off in '25 and '26. So can you remind us the time line around new ship builds? Is that decel in '25 into '26 pretty set? And your take on what decelerating industry supply growth might mean for the broader pricing picture.
Jason Liberty: Well, it's -- I certainly don't know the plans of our competitors on a new building standpoint. As we had kind of noted in our release, how we expect our business to grow next year by about 10%, then about 5% and then about 6%, respectively. And I think the first thing to point out is, that's not just one brand in one market, in one destination. So this really reflects our three wholly owned brands and how they're going to grow in their different segments and also for these ships to be in different parts of the world. If you look at the order book, you do see, as you get into '27 and '28, a lighter order book. We believe that Royal Caribbean that the addressable market is underpenetrated, especially in all the different markets that we operate. We are -- we work very hard to create global brands that attract guests from all over the world, and of course, to build the revenue management systems to effectively harvest that quality demand. And we think that apparatus more than supports our expected supply growth over the coming years.
Michael Bayley: Vince, it's Michael. I just have to add one little comment here talking about new ships coming online. Obviously, we opened up to sail Icon of the Seas a few months ago, and that ship literally has been the best-selling product in the history of our business and has been absolutely outstanding in terms of the demand and the pricing that we're generating for the product. And in fact, it's really driving a great '24. I mean we don't -- we never talk about '24 at the beginning of '23, obviously, but '24 is looking very healthy. And a big driver of that is Icon. We've had some remarkable stats coming out of Icon. Just one little nugget that gets me very excited is it's only one category of room, but the ultimate family townhouse that we sell on Icon, which is a 3-story experience in our new Surfside venue for younger families is already 55% sold for 2024 at an average price of $75,000 a week. So you can just get a feel of the kind of demand that's being generated by these new products. And obviously, we're very excited with what we're seeing with Icon. And that new class, which Jason mentioned is the first time Royal Caribbean International has had a new class of ship in nine years, and we are delighted with the performance so far.
Jason Liberty: We'll save you a cabin, Vince, don't worry.
Vince Ciepiel: Going to start saving for that. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays.
Brandt Montour: First off, congratulations on this really important milestone. So my first question is on WAVE season. By all accounts -- in your account this morning, WAVE season is going really well. Volumes seem to be pretty consistent week-over-week, month-over-month. Jason, or anyone, if you could just expand a little bit more on the behavior you're seeing within the bookings? Any differentiation between brands or any pricing sensitivity sort of forming at either at the lower end, which are lower -- with your older fleet ships or at the higher-end suites and things that were pricing much better last going into this year?
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Brandt. First, I mean -- and it's -- I don't say this lightly, so it's wonderful to say, but we're really seeing these very strong WAVE trends across all of our brands. And you see an elevated amount of demand coming from North America. And we have been very happy to see over the past two or three weeks, that elevated demand now move into Europe as well. We have been very happily surprised by how strong we're seeing the consumer plan their vacation travel and to see that our booking window is now within a couple of weeks of what it has normally been. And that includes a lot of acceleration for short close-in products, especially as we've increased more of our 3, 4 and 5 night products is really encouraging overall. So I wish I could say it's different -- well, actually, I don't wish I could say, I should say that it's different from the family to ultra-luxury or to expedition. But we're really seeing this across all of our brands really strong. And we've seen markets like, for example, like Northern Europe now begin to move into a much stronger place. I also just add is demand, as you probably have seen in other travel products for North Americans to go to Europe has been exceptionally strong. And so, we're now seeing that take over here in the cruise space.
Brandt Montour: And just to add -- go ahead, Michael.
Michael Bayley: Sorry. Sorry, just to add one comment on the demand from North America. We've also seen strong demand coming out of the Latin American markets for the European product, which has surprised us, but obviously, we're taking advantage of that. But it's pretty much across the board that we're seeing the strength in the consumer and it's across so many of our markets, which is really healthy to see.
Brandt Montour: That's great. And just a follow-up on both of those comments. It sounds like U.S. into Europe and the UK that you called out are where you're most excited, even if it's the Europe end market. In terms of the consumer that you sell to and that European consumer that you sell to that might not be as good as a consumer right now for you, are they accelerating to sort of against their own comparables?
Jason Liberty: Yes, they are. And I think the other thing that has been -- that we've seen through the course of this WAVE is our ability to raise prices at the same time. So the demand is that strong and we're able to raise price across these different products and really not seeing a pullback from the consumer as we continue to do so. And that is really a reflection of what we've seen since our last earnings call, or really since the announcement of the protocol being dropped just acceleration and the propensity to cruise across all three categories of new-to-cruise, first-to- brand, first-to-cruise has returned. And in many cases, it's better than what we saw pre-COVID.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Chaiken with Credit Suite.
Benjamin Chaiken : Maybe I missed it, but the guide implies some net yield growth for the year, clearly. Is this simply occupancy improving? Or is the revenue per passenger cruise day also expected to improve? And I guess I asked that in the context of what sounds like better pricing in the last few weeks and months.
Naftali Holtz: Ben, it's Naf. So it's both. And you can see the acceleration in the business. Obviously, with the normalizing of the occupancy levels and the continued strength of pricing.
Benjamin Chaiken: Got you. That's really helpful. And then on CocoCay, are you still seeing the same or similar pricing premiums to the CocoCay itineraries as you did in 2019? And then longer term, should we assume that you make further build-outs in other locations that are similar to CocoCay? And if so, how do you think about that opportunity while also bringing down [Hideaway Beach]?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Ben, it's Michael. I think the answer to those questions is yes and yes. I mean we ironically opened CocoCay in 2019, and it is just a huge success. Now, of course, it's really doing an amazing job. And the demand for that product is exceptionally high. We have a significant increase in our overall capacity that we bring into CocoCay. I think for this year '23, we'll be bringing 2.5 million to 3 million guests to CocoCay. And the demand not only is there from a volume perspective, but the rate is there. And that rate has been going up again in a very healthy way. And it's the same with the spend for the products and experiences on Perfect Day. We've seen a great demand and a lot of resilience as the prices go up. So it's a hit and it's very successful.  We are opening Hideaway Beach on the fourth quarter of this year in preparation for Icon of the Seas. It will be arriving also towards the end of the fourth quarter. And of course, that Hideaway Beach will allow us to bring an additional 3,000 people to Perfect Day. So our capacity will be approximately 13,000 people a day. And yes, we have an appetite for other such ventures. And as soon as we're ready to make any announcements, we will. But clearly, from our perspective, we think this is a really -- it's a wonderful part of the product experience, and our guests clearly demand this type of experience that we can now give them. So our intention is to continue to grow this piece of the experience for our guests.
Naftali Holtz: So let me just add one other thing, which is the financial returns associated with CocoCay and the like are exceptionally high and are significantly above our targeted returns. So this should be accretive to profitability and obviously to EBITDA and those are the type of investments that we obviously want to continue to make.
Benjamin Chaiken: Got you. And just one quick follow-up. Is the -- those numbers are on Hideaway Beach, 3,000 a day. Is that incremental to the 2.5 million to 3 million at CocoCay? Or is 2.5… 
Michael Bayley: Yes.
Benjamin Chaiken: Yes?
Michael Bayley: Yes, yes. That's incremental.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of James Hardiman with Citi.
James Hardiman: And congrats on a great quarter and some really important benchmarks here. I wanted to dig in a little bit on Europe and Asia. Obviously, a year ago, WAVE season, there was -- it was obviously marred by the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Being such a global brand, you guys do what you do, you adjust. And it sounds like both in terms of the destination markets as well as sourcing customers, things are getting better. I guess my question is on Europe, is there still a lingering impact of that conflict in your business that, who knows what's going to happen with that conflict, but that could ultimately be a positive for next year?  And then sort of similar question with China. I'm assuming there's not much of a benefit yet from sort of the zero COVID policy going away there. But is there any way to sort of quantify or even anecdotally speak to what sort of a drag that is on your business that could potentially open up for you next year?
Jason Liberty: So I'll just -- I'll start on the Europe one, and Michael can then take China. First off, I think the consumer -- the impact on the Ukraine, Russia, I think, comes to us in two ways. One of which is a little bit of a deployment impact, and we're not able to go more east into the Baltics because of the very unfortunate conflict that continues on. And then obviously, there's some impact in the European consumer because of energy prices. That, I think, is the impact that hopefully will evaporate over time. But their propensity to cruise, their desire to go on a vacation experience is high. The value proposition for the cruise, as I noted in my remarks, that gap is still very significant. That's too significant as we look to try to close that. But I think that's really where you see the effect. The consumers' desire to go -- or European consumers go to the Nordics, desire to go to the Western Med, Eastern Med, which is really kind of fully open to them to experience is that demand is there. I just think that they continue to probably be a little bit more pinched, certainly more pinched than the North American consumer because of the increase in energy prices and how that's impacted their economy. And with that, I'll let Michael comment on China.
Michael Bayley: Yes, on China, there's -- obviously, the environment's improved significantly from what we've being told by our China team. So things have started to normalize, and they seem to have got over that very difficult period. There's currently two impediments to the China cruise market opening up. One of them is there's still a ban technically on cruising and group travel in China. And also, there's a requirement from the Japanese that Chinese tourists have to test and potentially could be quarantined. We understand that both of these conditions will drop away at some point during this first half. That's what we've been led to believe, and we believe that that's going to happen. As soon as those two conditions change, then obviously, the market will reopen and we're thinking that it will be late '23, and we're kind of thinking that '24 probably, realistically, the China market will be back. But obviously, that's based upon how we understand and see the situation currently.
Jason Liberty: Yes, I was just going to -- and clearly, China was a very high-yielding, highly profitable market for us. And as that market comes back online, we're very optimistic about how that can either further propel the opportunity for us. And I would just comment in the context of Trifecta, we didn't contemplate China in that consideration as it has not turned itself back on.
Naftali Holtz: And it's also not obviously included in our -- this year results as well.
James Hardiman: Got it. All really helpful. And then by way of follow-up here. I mean, you've talked a couple of times, I think, about closing that gap to land-based vacations. I thought the commentary about cruise search outpacing general vacation searching seemed relevant. Maybe speak to that. Do you think that gap has gotten as big as it's going to get and maybe you close that gap this year? Obviously, you have much more insight into your own business than into land-based vacation but maybe sort of updated thoughts there.
Jason Liberty: Yes, I don't know -- I don't think we're going to close that gap in 2023. I'm encouraged by the ability now for us to increase our pricing even more, which I think will give us the opportunity to close that gap. I'm excited about what we're seeing in the onboard side, which also helps us close that gap. But that gap, which used to be 20% is now in the 30% zone relative to pre-COVID, which was around the 20% mark. But we do think that, that's -- there's a lot of runway for us, and that just I think through great execution, just broader awareness of our brands and the cruise complex that we see now as being appreciated more and more by our guests helps us lead to getting the pricing and which helps us lead that to that -- closing that gap. What we're not interested in is the gap closing just because their pricing could potentially go down. Like we want to elevate ourselves up to that level, and we think that's definitely something that's in our capabilities to do so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Politzer with Wells Fargo.
Daniel Politzer: Congrats on a nice quarter. So first, I wanted to just touch on the cost. It sounds like you're going to exit 2023 more in line with your historical levels. As you get to 2024, and I know it's still early days, are there any kind of onetime items that we should be thinking about that could impact your algorithm, that kind of 1% to 2% cost increase and whether it's China relaunching or land-based destinations or any technology initiatives?
Naftali Holtz: Good morning, Dan. So as we said, our formula is moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth, strong cost control and obviously, you have several linked pieces here in the first quarter and throughout the year. But this is kind of where we're marching towards. So our expectation is to get back to that formula.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then I guess for my follow-up on TUI. Can you just talk a little bit more about the ramp there? I know that there's a big European piece, and it sounds like things are moving along. But how should we think about that contribution ramping over the course of 2023 given that it was a big piece of that adjusted EBITDA in 2019?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So they continue -- we're very happy with TUI, and their performance has been a very successful cruise brand. Their recovery is well underway. They have been positive operating cash flow and EBITDA for several quarters now. They're very strong occupancy levels and pricing. So we continue -- we expect this to continue to recover towards 2019 levels and beyond.
Jason Liberty: Yes. The only I would add is for TUI cruises, a -- cruise is just similar to all of us. They still have some negative carry to burn off as well. And I think there are a few years from being at a place where they're contributing at the same level to us as they were in '19. But that's -- I think it's a very short duration as they have been really effectively managing the business. They've really been outpacing, I think, just a broader cruise world and getting their business back up and running and profitable and generating positive cash flow. But like all of us, they have some negative carry they're going to have to burn off.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Patrick Scholes with Truist Securities.
Patrick Scholes: First is actually just a modeling clarification question. On your percentage guidances to grow off of versus '19 for the net yields and the various cruise costs, are those apples-to-apples based numbers? Basically the reported numbers that you had in -- back in 2019, are those the numbers we should be growing off of? Or is there any adjustments in there that might make those percentages different than -- okay, all apples-to-apples?
Naftali Holtz: No adjustments. Those are apples-to-apples and obviously, we gave you the color of all the moving pieces.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. And then a different question here. With the increase in direct business, do you see that disproportionately going to any types of destinations such as Caribbean or perhaps higher-end Alaska or Mediterranean any differentiation between those?
Jason Liberty: Well, clearly, on direct business, the shorter the product, the higher the percentage, and that's just more because the consumer is comfortable and understands the complexity of -- or the lack of complexity on the short product. The further typically, the consumer goes or the higher end that it goes typically requires, they're more comfortable going to our travel partners. We have really tried hard to be just kind of a channel of choice. And of course, the consumer has become a little bit more digitally minded through COVID because they were buying a lot of stuff online as we all know. And as they now shift to experiences, they're comfortable in different channels. And some of those digital platforms are through us and some of those digital platforms where our travel partners. But that's typically how you would see it as the shorter and closer higher.
Patrick Scholes: No, that I understand. But as far as any changes since pre-COVID, have you seen a greater acceleration in sort of direct booking to higher end or perhaps a greater acceleration to...
Jason Liberty: It's really across the board. On the consumer at all different levels have gotten more comfortable using digital commerce to make their purchases. And that's kind of -- that is whether you want to look at Royal or Celebrity or Silversea or TUI or Hapag, that's what we have been consistently seeing. 
Patrick Scholes: Thank you for the color. I am all set.
Jason Liberty: Okay. Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research.
Frederick Wightman : I just want to make sure I understood the equity investment line commentary. Are you guys saying to just take a haircut to what you guys did in '19, but it will be relatively similar from a seasonality perspective? Or were you trying to say something else?
Naftali Holtz: No. I think if you go through the guidance and our expectations of what we provided, our expectation is obviously, it's going to be lower than 2019 because what Jason mentioned is the negative carry. So they continue to recover.
Frederick Wightman: Okay. And then there was a comment that 4Q new to cruise was above pre-COVID levels. Just curious, when you look at what you have on the books for '23, does that percentage continue to improve? And could you give us a sense for order of magnitude?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, and just our general commentary on WAVE. What's driving that strength is new-to-cruise and new-to-brand. And so, that mix is not only similar, but it's better than what we saw take place in the fourth quarter. So we feel that propensity to cruise -- and by the way, I think one thing that's important on the new-to-cruise stat, especially relative to '19 is because we don't have China in the mix of our business. Pretty much every Chinese consumer back in '19 was a new-to-cruise consumer. So that really talks about the strength of the North American and European consumer and their interest to go on a cruise for the first time or to go on to one of our brands for the first time.
Jason Liberty : We thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-ups. I wish you all a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Royal Caribbean Group Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Michael McCarthy, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Michael McCarthy: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter 2022 business update conference call. Joining me here in Miami are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International. Before we get started, I'd like to note that we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our website and on our earnings release available at www.rclinvestor.com. Jason will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow with a recap of our second quarter results and an update on our latest actions and on the current booking environment. We will then open the call for your questions. But first, we will start the call with this video highlighting and introducing our Trifecta program. [Video Presentation]
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. Over the past several months, our teams have been very busy and focused on generating strong quality demand, combating inflation and most of all delivering the best vacations in the world. As we return our business closer to historical load factors, while maintaining price integrity and generating $3 billion in revenue and almost $750 million in adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter. As you have seen in our announcement this morning, we have announced a three-year financial performance program that we have termed project Trifecta. Now, before getting into the details of the program, let's first talk about how the business is performing. As our third quarter results clearly demonstrate the strength of our vacation platform, which includes our leading global brands, the best and most innovative ships in the industry. And a powerful and nimble commercial apparatus, coupled with strong execution by our operating teams have delivered another quarter of strong performance that exceeded our expectations. Our entire fleet is operating globally in our key destinations, demand for our experiences was very strong, and we achieved 96% load factors overall with the Caribbean at close to 105% at record pricing and high satisfaction scores. We delivered adjusted EBITDA of 742 million and positive earnings per share of $0.26, which was above our guidance. Our strong financial performance, coupled with proactive refinancing actions, further strengthened our already strong liquidity position, and improved our debt maturity profile. I'm thankful and proud of everyone at the Royal Caribbean Group for delivering the best vacation experiences to our customers in a responsible way, while executing so well in our recovery and building on our future. The successful return of our business to full operations in the accelerating demand environment positions as well to deliver on our expectations of record yields, and record adjusted EBITDA in 2023. Next, let me elaborate on the Trifecta program we announced this morning. But the operational return of our business well in hand, we are now focusing the team and our stakeholders on returning to record financial performance and beyond. The introduction of the Trifecta program provides us the coordinates we are looking to achieve over the next few years while delivering the best vacations in the world responsibly. Specifically, we are focused on achieving three metrics by 2025, growing EBITDA profitability per APCD to triple digits, delivering double-digit earnings, and achieving a return on invested capital in the teens. We look to achieve these metrics while we return the balance sheet back to investment grade profile and reduce our carbon intensity by double digits compared to 2019, as part of our commitment and focus on advancing the sustainability of our business. Our formula for success is based on moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost discipline. For those who have followed us for some time, this will sound very familiar as we demonstrated in the past, it leads to strong financial performance, and does not assume a perfect operating environment. Our plan is well-grounded in a set of underlying strategies, robust secular and demographic trends, a strong culture and a powerful foundation of leading global brands, the most innovative fleet in the industry and the very best people. The main thrust of our plan is to take further advantage of our strong foundation, and further orient our ecosystem around the customer by enhancing our commercial apparatus and product offerings. By doing this, we will further enhance customer preference, engagement, cruise frequency, guests experience and spend. This combined with expanding our fleet through innovative new ships and land base experiences like Perfect Day at CocoCay will drive our profitability growth and strong cash flow generation. Disciplined capital allocation to high returning investments will allow us to reduce leverage while investing in our future and delivering strong shareholder value. Trifecta creates the pathway back to what we internally describe as Basecamp. However, Basecamp is not our final destination, our ambitions go well beyond it. And while it may not always be a straight line, and there may be some choppy waves from time-to-time, we are confident in our leading platform and ability to execute on our strategies to deliver those goals over the next few years. Before going into the booking commentary, I wanted to share some of the behaviors that we are seeing from our guests. Global demand for travel is ramping up as consumers continue to shift spend to experiences. While this is good news to us as we are squarely in the experience business. The value proposition of cruise remains incredibly attractive, I would say too attractive. Our full addressable market is back and our brands are attracting new customers into our vacation ecosystem. As a result guest mix for the quarter was equally distributed across loyalty, new to cruise, and new to our brand similar to what we saw in 2019. Let me highlight some observations from our daily engagement with our customers. This quarter we delivered 1.7 million amazing vacation experiences. And we have more than 130,000 guests sailing on our ships globally every day. The positioning of our brands attracts guests across broad demographics, psychographics and at a median household income above $100,000. This provides us a unique vantage point on what our guests are looking for and their behaviors. Overall across markets, brands and products, we continue to see a financially healthy, highly engaged consumer with a strong hunger to dream and seek a variety of vacation experiences. Our commercial apparatus is seeing elevated booking activity across channels as we help our customers design their dream vacations. Our guests are willing to spend more than ever with us to create those memories. Consumers are engaging earlier in the planning their vacation, with about 60% purchasing onboard experiences before they even set sail. This has led to an 8-point increase in penetration and much higher revenue APD related to pre-cruise purchases versus 2019 levels. Our guests continue to seek the rich experiences we offer spending significantly more onboard our ships compared to 2019 across nearly all categories. All this is translating into strong booking activity. During the third quarter we saw both strong demand for close in sailings and accelerating demand for sailings in 2023. Next, let me talk a little bit more about the new ships that are planned to join our fleet next year. Our innovative new ships and onboard experiences will allow us to continue to differentiate our offering as well as deliver superior yields and margins. Two weeks ago, we revealed details on our new and amazing Icon of the Seas, which will be delivered in late 2023 ahead of its January 2024 debut. It is a game changing first of its kind vacation experience where everyone can experience their version of the ultimate vacation. Icon will have eight distinct neighborhoods, each a destination in and of itself, packed with an array of amazing experiences. The ship's stateroom configuration will allow for load factors to be accretive to the overall portfolio, and the ship will be significantly accretive to our key financial metrics. The ship opened for sale about a week ago, and the market response was nothing short of remarkable. On the first day of bookings, we far surpassed our previous single-day booking record for the brand and the company overall, and it wasn't even close. With each new ship, we raise the bar in the travel industry while enhancing what our guests know and love. In addition to Icon, [indiscernible] will join the Celebrity fleet in the fourth quarter of 2023 and Silver Nova will join the Silversea fleet in late summer. In the coming days, we will open a brand new flagship terminal in Galveston, Texas. The new terminal significantly expands our capacity in the region, with the ability to accommodate the larger Oasis Class ships and give us further access into the attractive drive to markets of Texas, Oklahoma, and the entire southeast region. The facility will also be the first cruise terminal to generate 100% of its needed energy from onsite solar panels and will be the first zero energy cruise terminal facility in the world. While we are still early in our planning cycle, 2023 is shaping up to be a strong year for the company and a return to normal typical business. Our overall capacity will grow 14% compared to 2019, on account of 10 new ships which have joined or will join the fleet across our brands during this period net of dispositions. Our deployment across markets is relatively unchanged compared to 2019 with Caribbean representing just over half of our overall deployment, Europe at almost 20% and Asia in the low single digits with no planned deployment in the high yielding China market. About 80% of the population is within driving distance to a U.S. home port and we have upsides the short Caribbean product by 35% compared to 2019. Almost 65% of guests sailing on Royal Caribbean Internationals, Caribbean itineraries will experience Perfect Day at CocoCay in 2023, up from 30% in 2019. We expect almost 80% of 2023 guest sourcing to come from North America as we continue to see particularly strong demand from that customer. Our global brands appeal and nimble sourcing model allow us to attract the highest yielding guests and partially mitigate the impact from the strong dollar. While 2022 bookings remain strong and on pace to achieve occupancy targets, the most notable change over the past few months has been a substantial acceleration in demand for 2023 sails. We received twice as many bookings for 2023 sailings in Q3, as we did in Q2, resulting in considerably higher booking volumes than during the same period for 2019 sailings. As a result, all four quarters of 2023 are booked well within historical ranges at record prices, with bookings accelerating every week. While the last three years were certainly challenging. The resiliency of our business allowed us to recover quickly and be fully back up and running. Our operating platform is larger and stronger than it has ever been with the best brands, best ships and best people. Our commercial capabilities allow us to reach more quality demand, and our itineraries are strategically planned to appeal to both new to cruise and loyal customers. The value proposition of cruising remains incredibly attractive and we have an opportunity to close the gap to other land vacation alternatives as we grow our addressable market. We continue to expect the business to accelerate as we close out 2022 and set a strong foundation for us to deliver record yield and adjusted EBITDA in 2023. Our formula for success remains unchanged. As we have demonstrated in the past, moderate capacity growth, moderate yield growth and strong cost controls lead to enhanced profitability and superior financial performance as we seek to improve the balance sheet. The future of the Royal Caribbean Group is bright. With our strong platform and proven strategies, I'm confident in our recovery trajectory and our ability to deliver on the Trifecta program as well as reach new financial records. With that, I will turn it over to Naftali. Naf?
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone. Let me begin by discussing our results for the third quarter. This morning we reported a net profit of approximately $60 million or $0.26 per share above the high-end of our guidance range. Total revenue was just shy of $3 billion and adjusted EBITDA was $742 million. Third quarter outperformance was a result of continued strong demand for our brands vacation experiences, especially after the easing of health protocols, continued strength of onboard revenue and better cost management. The successful ramp up of our operations completed earlier this summer has positioned us well to return to generating consistent financial performance and recovering towards our record 2019 levels and beyond. We finished the third quarter at a 96% load factor with peak August sailings as close to 100%. Both factors varied by itinerary with Caribbean averaging close to 105, Alaska at about 96 and Europe as expected at just under 90%. Also, as expected, total revenue per passenger cruise day was up 1% in constant currency compared to the record third quarter of 2019. Strong demand for our brands and outperformance in onboard revenue mitigated the negative impact from FCC redemption, and the lower than average load factors on higher priced Europe and Alaska sailings. Our goal has always been to maximize our revenue yields as we optimize occupancy and pricing. With our ramp up almost complete, we are nearing the point of full recovery to our record 2019 yields. Our cost and currency yield improved by 8% in the third quarter, and we expect a similar improvement in the fourth quarter. We expect yields to continue ramping up in the first half of 2023 as we return to historical load factors in late spring. Next, I will comment on capacity and load factor expectations over the upcoming period. We plan to operate about 11.7 million APCDs during the fourth quarter, with load factors close to the third quarter. Historically, our third quarter load factors have always been higher than the fourth quarter due to peak summer family travel. This year as we are continuing to ramp up, we do not expect a decline in overall occupancy quarter-over-quarter. Let me break down fourth quarter load factors and capacity expectations a little more. During the quarter, our ships transitioned to their winter itineraries and as a result, two-thirds of our capacity is in North America. Our remaining capacity is mostly split between late season Europe, Australia and repositioning voyages. We expect Caribbean sailings to continue to sell a triple-digit load factors with slightly lower occupancies on late season Europe sailings, which are just about 10% of capacity for the quarter. We are returning to Australia for the first time in three years, and as a result expect to build to load factors in the low to mid 90s. We expect to return to overall historical occupancy level by late spring of 2023. Our customer deposit balance as of September 30, was $3.8 billion, which is about 400 million higher than our balance at the end of the third quarter in 2019. As we previously shared, now that the full fleet is in service and occupancy is ramping up, we are returning to a more typical seasonality in customer deposits levels. In 2019, our customer deposit balance declined by about 500 million between the end of Q2 and the end of Q3. The seasonal decrease was smaller this year as we continue to see stronger booking volumes. In the third quarter, over 95% of total bookings were new versus Future Cruise credit redemptions. Guests sailing with FCCs impact our APDs by about 1% this year, and we expect the impact to be smaller next year. Less than 20% of our customer deposit balance is related to FCCs. Shifting to costs, net cruise costs excluding fuel per APCD improved 11% as reported and 10% in constant currency compared to the second quarter of '22. Net cruise costs for the quarter also included $3.37 per APCD of transitory costs related to help protocols, and one-time legging costs related to fleet ramp up. We still expect to have transitory costs in the fourth quarter but as we are nearing full occupancies and full crew staffing levels and are adapting our protocols we expect them to significantly ease. Similar to other businesses around the world, we continue to actively manage inflationary pressures that for us mainly relate to fuel and food costs. Our teams continue to demonstrate the ability to manage cost pressures, while staying focused on our mission of delivering the incredible vacation experiences that are expected by our guests. In fact, year-to-date, we have consistently been able to abate about a third of the market increases as we observed through benchmarks across various categories, all while achieving consistently high NPS scores. We will continue to both monitor the inflationary cycle, as well as focus on mitigation strategies as we enter 2023. Regarding fuel, we have seen fuel rates coming off the highs of earlier in the year, but they are still volatile. We continue to improve consumption and have partially hedged the rate, which is helping us mitigate the volatility and cost of fuel expense. As of today, fuel consumption is 64% hedge for the fourth quarter and 50% hedge for 2023. NCC excluding fuel per APCD in the fourth quarter is expected to be higher by low to mid-single digits on constant currency basis, compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. This includes a few percentage points of transitory costs related to protocols and ramp up of operations. Lower expenses related to returning ships and crew to operations and easing health protocols are supporting the improvement in costs. In addition, the benefits from actions taken during the pandemic to improve margins continue to materialize, and we expect them to ramp up into fourth quarter and into 2023. We expect these actions to partially mitigate the inflationary pressures, we expect to continue to weigh on our cost through the first half of 23. Shifting to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $3.1 billion in liquidity. Our liquidity position remains strong and we are focused on expanding our margins to further enhance EBITDA and free cash flow. Our ultimate goal is to return the balance sheet to an investment grade profile. During the third quarter, we took multiple proactive actions to address $5.6 billion of 2022 and 2023 maturities. Since early August we issued $1.25 billion of unsecured notes to refinance remaining 22 maturities and refinance $2.8 billion of 23 maturities that were previously backstopped by a Morgan Stanley commitment. We also extend it for one year the commitment to a 700 million term loan and extended a 500 million term loan that was scheduled to mature in 2023. All these transactions have been well received by investors and we were able to upsize and improve pricing. Our access to capital remains strong, and our execution and performance resonate with our investors. While rates are higher than what we were able to issue earlier in the year, we have included early redemption features to allow for refinancings or pay down prior to maturity. For 2023, our scheduled debt maturities are $2.1 billion made up of predominantly ECA debt amortization, which we expect to pay down with cash on hand and cash flow generated from operations. Now turning to guidance. For the fourth quarter of 22, and based on current currency exchange rates, fuel rates and interest rates, we expect to generate approximately $2.6 billion in total revenue, adjusted EBITDA of 350 million to 400 million and adjusted loss per share of $1.30 to $1.50. The combination of our strong brands, amazing experiences and focused on building quality demand position as well for '23. We expect yields to continue ramping up in the first half of '23 based on our return to historical load factors by late spring. I want to take a moment to highlight certain changes in our yield profile and cost base. Over the last several years, we divested the Pullmantur and Azamara brands, as well as several other small ships across the fleet. In addition, we did not have any China deployment planned for '23 and we have increased our short Caribbean product. The net effect is a slight reduction in yield, but an increase in overall profitability. New ship additions for Celebrity and Silversea result in those brands being a larger percentage of our overall mix in '23 as compared to 2019. These additions are expected to add to our yield and return profile, but also have higher cost per berth. Our shift to more North American itineraries reduces our exposure to foreign exchange rates, with about 20% of our revenue expected to be sourced in non-USD currencies versus just over a quarter in prior years. With that said, exchange rates for a basket of currencies are down on average 9% versus 2019. We are very excited about the introduction of the Trifecta program. As we demonstrated before, our proven formula should once again result in strong financial performance. By 2025, our capacity is expected to grow by 6% on an annual basis compared to 2019 with the introduction of 17 new ships across our brands and markets. We expect new ships as well as our relentless focus on the customer to drive additional yield benefits, cost efficiencies and profitability of at least triple-digit EBITDA per APCD by '25. Every 1% improvement in yield in 2025 will result in $130 million more in revenue, and every 1% of change in NCC excluding fuel will result in $60 million benefit in operating costs. Increasing EBITDA per APCD to triple digits will allow us to generate strong and growing cash flow and together with disciplined capital allocation and pay down of debt return to an investment grade balance sheet profile. We will stay focused on executing on our strategy to achieve strong financial results by growing yields, expanding margins, and improving the balance sheet. We have done it before. We have the best brands, the best assets and the best people as we build a brighter future of the Royal Caribbean Group. With that, I will ask our operator to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Steven, your line is open.
Steve Wieczynski: Yes. Hey, guys, good morning. So, Jason, I know when you like it when I say nice quarter. So I'll go ahead and get that out of the way and say nice quarter.
Jason Liberty: You didn't say it last time, Steve.
Steve Wieczynski: I forgot. But you know, as we think about this Trifecta program, I guess, what I'm most interested in is the return to investment grade. And if I do the math here, I guess you guys are kind of embedding around, let's say 5 billion of EBITDA by '25, if not higher, so what does that mean from a leverage perspective and if you had conversations at this point yet with the rating agencies about what’s your leverage profile would have to look like to get back into that investment grade status. Saying that in another way, I mean, is it a number like 4x or is it going to be more about what your interest coverage is going to look like at that point?
Naftali Holtz: Hey, Steve. Its Naf. good morning. So first of all, yes, we're very excited by Trifecta and as you've done, your math with some of the coordinates we gave you that's how we think about it. And that will help us as we grow continue to grow EBITDA, both help deleverage the balance sheet, but also generate cash flow. And with our capital allocation, we're very much focused on paying down debt. And if you're going to remember be in 2019, and before, our goal was around, and where we were, is around 3x leverage. And those are the topic coordinates that we're looking for. And which means for us, an investment grade balance sheet, in addition to being an unsecured balance sheet as well. We’ve been having conversations with the rating agencies, there hasn't been any indication of difference in their kind of ratings, versus what was pre-pandemic.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks for that Naf. And then, when you guys think about, moderate yield growth, and what that looks like, going forward, I guess what I'm wondering is, how do you think about breaking yields down moving forward between ticket and onboard? And I guess what I'm trying to get at here is, are you embedding the consumer at this point? Are you thinking the consumer kind of stay strong in terms of that onboard spend patterns moving forward? Or can you still get what you call moderate yield growth even if that onboard side does start to slow down?
Jason Liberty: Yes, great question, Steve. When we look at things over time, we've been able to grow our like-for-like yields. We've been able to grow our onboard. And obviously, as we take on new ships, the inventory mix has also been helpful as those ships have a better inventory mix in terms of speeds and outsides versus insides, as well as on the onboard side, there's more venues for us to have different services and experiences for our guests, which they'll spend money on. So I think when we think about moderate yield growth, we think about as we said it in the past, it's on average, 2% to 4% a year. And on the cost side, it's typically flat to low single digits. So we should be able to grab scale, as our business grows. And that's how I think we -- you'll see us continuing to do that. We're not looking at this as if, and I've said this in my remarks as the operating environment is going to be perfect, and that the consumer is going to be perfect. What we've done is we know that we have been able to manage our business in that way, in times in which the market might be accelerating. And sometimes when market is a little bit choppy. And that's why we looked at this over this kind of 2.5, 3-year period of time on us getting back, well not just getting back accelerating past our highs in 2019.
Steve Wieczynski: And can I ask one real quick housekeeping question. And I guess there might be some confusion out there about, when you talk about records, EBITDA in '23, is that going off an EBITDA base in 2019 of 3.6 billion or 3.4 billion? I think there's different thought processes out there.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. It's the former 3.6.
Steve Wieczynski: 3.6, okay. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Jason Liberty: I thought you're going to ask me about vacuuming, Steve, on the housekeeping question, I guess.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Yes. Thanks. You mentioned that price is at record levels for '23. I wonder if you could sort of give a ballpark of how that price compares on a percentage basis to 2019 knowing that it could go up or down from there. But just in terms of how it's tracking?
Jason Liberty: Well, it's still early, Robin, you know, this from the past, it would be early for us to provide guidance. But I think how we've kind of talked about the Trifecta program is kind of how we think about yields and costs and so forth for next year. So that's what I would kind of use more principally as a guiding tool. But it's early, there's -- we still have -- we're still building the book of business, while it is accelerating and we're very happy with it. We're comfortable providing exactly what those coordinates will be come January or early February call.
Robin Farley: Okay. Then you're probably going to love my next question.
Jason Liberty: I love that question, Robin.
Robin Farley: Is sort of a similar about expenses that just looking at what we're sort of one-time expenses, meaning like the ramp up and some of the protocols that you don't have to follow anymore, was maybe about 3% to 5% of the expense increase in '23. And so, in Q4, when you're talking about being uploaded mid-single versus '19, if we think of that maybe some ramp down and some of those one-time costs, could you get to the point in '23, where your expense is actually lower, just given your greater scale and more efficient ships? And this is all excluding fuel cost, which it's not forecast that but just your fuel expense, perpetual cruise sails, like potentially being better being lower and better than it was in '19?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So I'll follow what Jason was saying, which is, we're still early in our planning cycle. And, obviously, we're not providing guidance here. But I think, as we think about it, as we said, all those one-time costs that we incur this year, we expect them to be lagging into the fourth quarter. And, again, going back to Trifecta in our formula, this is how we think about things in terms of, how do we increase profitability. We continue to see inflation. We're working really hard to mitigate the impact of it. And, and making sure that we are continuing to increase the margins of the business.
Jason Liberty: And I mean just to add, Robin, we certainly much appreciate when we look at a 14% capacity increase, that we should be able to get more efficient over time. And, of course, some of that capacity increase that's coming in as a mix leans heavier now towards Silversea, and Celebrity in terms of the capacity growth. And of course, those are higher net cruise cost products. But in the same vein, we have been taking a lot, we have taken a lot of action during the course of this, we've done a lot of, as I've described in the past, getting into our wedding weight here, which is helping us combat a lot of the inflation. So that we can kind of think about that formula for success as we go into 2023.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research Company. Please go ahead.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Thanks for taking my question. First, a little bit more near term focus. Looking at your occupancy progress in 3Q as well as what's implied for 4Q, looks like you're outperforming peers by almost a low teens percentage in the second half of this year. And curious, your thoughts on what's driving that? Is that geography, is it mix of shifts, strength of your brands, more marketing? What do you think is kind of the biggest contributor to the occupancy recovery outperformance?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, I can't really speak for our competitors, in terms of what's happening inside their business. But I think for us, we obviously, we returned our ships very quickly. I do think that some of the things that you laid out there strong brands, I think leading brands, leading ships, having assets, like Perfect Day at CocoCay has resulted in an acceleration of our business. While has also been very mindful about price integrity, as you know, certainly could be higher load factors if we wanted to take action on price, which we're not looking and we have no intent to do. And of course, in the Q4, we're moving into the shoulder season, which is why load factors are more or less what we talked about in Q3 and rates are typically lower in Q4, because that's the shoulder season period of time. But what we see is a lot of demand for our brands, we see the return, I mean, everything has normalized in terms of new to cruise, loyal guests first to ran. And so now it's just building up a quality book business over time, as we would do in a regular way as we enter a normal 2023 year.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Thanks. And then thinking longer term, pricing opportunity ahead of you and the value gap versus land base. Some of that gap has been exacerbated through COVID, which makes sense given the industry was on pause for so long, but some of that gap even existed pre-COVID. So I'm curious how you guys have improved the product in the last few years to kind of better meet the consumers need? Or is it just marketing the product more to raise awareness to help close that gap?
Michael Bayley: Vince, what can I say, you just gave me the great question. I've been sitting quietly here waiting for somebody to ask such a question. Obviously, we are extremely pleased and delighted and honestly excited with the direction of the business. I think, as Jason commented earlier, the results from Icon of the Seas that the first weeks bookings for Icon were absolutely phenomenal. I mean, we had high expectations, and the actual results just even surprised us. I'm not going to give you the stats for that first week because I may get into trouble. But they were really phenomenal. And Icon is the first in a new class of ships for Royal Caribbean, which is squarely in the family market, which is a scale. Obviously, it's a scale brand with huge presence in the American market and a strong global footprint. That product and the journey that we've been on now for many years in terms of where we're taking the brands, the introduction of Perfect Day and our plans for future private destinations, combined with new hardware, and certainly with Icon now leading the way late in '23, and into '24, where we're really focusing on this target market, which is family and of course, has many new neighborhoods, including a neighborhood called Surfside, which is absolutely focused on young families. And those young families with children six and under travel all year round, because obviously, parents can pull their kids out of pre-k and what have you. The Icon product along with Perfect Day, with the kind of experiences that we're offering with the kind of new accommodations that we have on Icon, and the experiences that we have for young families, older families, and of course, couples and singles, and what have you, is really squarely standing shoulder-to-shoulder with Orlando, and those kinds of destinations. And what we're beginning to see is the -- for us is moving certainly the Royal brand into that space far more aggressively. And we're seeing the kind of booking activity and demand and enthusiasm for those products is increasing and accelerating. So I would say that's the direction we're on. And, again, what we've seen with Icon in the first week, and it's continued now into the second week. There's a huge amount of demand for that product. And I think, if I'm correct, Vince, Michael told me that you actually been sitting on a plane and you overheard a conversation maybe you could share with everybody else. What you overheard on that plane.
Vince Ciepiel: It's something we hear often from our conversations with agents just stealing a little bit of market share from land based and it was a random traveler behind me saying they were thinking about going to Disney but going to book their family on the Icon. So yes, speaks to maybe some market share gains there. One off conversation, but part of a broader theme.
Jason Liberty: Yes. But just assume that everybody says that. And I just wanted to add to Michael's comments, obviously, we've seen this 40% gap to land based vacation, it used to be about 20%. The Royal brand actually closed the gap very significantly, with the introduction of Perfect Day, the modernization of our fleet. And so we see there's a lot of opportunity to close that gap here over time. And I think what you're also hearing from us, and in, we'll probably talk more about this in our Investor Day in the coming weeks here is just how we need to increase frequency with our guests. We need to improve our loyalty programs. We need to be more one-to-one, so that we're putting offers in front of our guests that are very relevant to them individually, and just bring more awareness. And that should all yield us closing the gap further to land based vacation. So we're not happy about that gap. But it serves as great motivation for us to go after.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Best of luck.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Vince.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question is from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. And congratulations on getting this trifecta out there. My first question is on broader bookings volume trends throughout the quarter, Jason, if you could just speak broadly in terms of how that sort of trended post the protocol relaxation, if there was sort of a huge spike from a pent up people waiting for that to happen, and then it eased a bit or is it even or did it accelerate through anything you could help, you could add would be helpful. Thank you.
Michael Bayley: Hey, Brandt, let me just jump in before maybe Jason has some comments. But we were all waiting for that change in the protocols. Our calculation on the addressable market was quite significant in terms of the number of people who were excluded from the brands and the product because of these protocols and requirements, et cetera. And we were already doing very well, pre that announcement. But when those protocols fell off, we immediately saw a significant increase in the volume of bookings. And that volume continued to -- just continued and has accelerated. And I think what we've seen is that literally, I think our calculation in the American market was that the addressable market expanded by about 35 million people, almost overnight, and we saw that coming through in our booking. So it was a very positive step. And if you look globally, now, there's -- it's pretty much the same story all around the world, in the Australian market, where we're obviously operating. There is still some protocols still in place, but we're pretty confident they're going to fall away in the coming weeks and months. So we've really entered into a very normalized environment and we've seen the customers respond, honestly, with a huge amount of enthusiasm has been extremely positive.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I just want to add, because I know, coming out of all this, there's always a lot of what's happened with protocols and so forth. I think it is important to note that the business is back and operating, the booking activity is very, like, similar to what we were experiencing in '19. And of course, it's accelerating, which is what we want to see the consumer is very healthy. We're spending a lot of money on our ships. But psychologically, and we experience wise, it's almost as if we just stepped into the next quarter after '19. And we're just -- it's business as usual.
Brandt Montour: Got it. Great. That's excellent to hear. And then my second question is on net yields for 2023, you guys went through a loss of puts and takes, versus 2019 I feel like I'm going to need a PhD in physics, just to sort of distill it down to a common denominator here. But if I add up everything Pullmantur, Azamara, the change in mix for CocoCay, the change in mix for North America, in general, the exit higher yielding China. But I know you guys don't have guidance out there, and you're not going to give it. But just when you add it all up, does it equal a net positive or negative mix shift to where we would have been otherwise versus '19.
Jason Liberty: Our expectation, as I said is our yields will be up in 2023. And our EBITDA will be better in 2023. And we expect we're going to manage our costs, as we always have. And we know that there are headwinds, there are some structural headwinds and not pointed out on the top-line. But our expectations are that our yields are going to accelerate. And we expect that we're going to be managing our cost effectively and our capital allocation effectively.
Brandt Montour: Okay. Thanks, guys. Just to clarify, I wasn't suggesting that -- I just wanted to focus just on the mix not if it was up versus '19 or down versus '19, but if you were to take a benchmark versus '19 what the mix shift alone would do to that benchmark? That's what I was asking about. But I appreciate your comment.
Jason Liberty: Yes. For sure the combination of new ships and the exit of Azamara and so forth that nets out to a positive for us.
Brandt Montour: Perfect. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ben Chaiken with the Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Chaiken: Hey, how is it going? Just a quick clarification, you guys mentioned some inflationary cost in the first half of next year. Is that incremental about what you are seeing today? Or are you just kind of suggesting a continuation of the trend into the first half of next year?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. We actually are seeing some mitigation, but it's a little bit hard right. The environment is pretty complex. So what we're seeing is continuation of what we're seeing today.
Jason Liberty: Yes, but I think just to add on to it, what we're not really seeing now is our commodities, the things that are inflationary impacted going up now, so it has stabilized and is not mentioned there. We're starting to see especially kind of in the protein space where those commodity costs are starting to come down.
Benjamin Chaiken: Great. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Politzer with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Daniel Politzer: Hey, good morning, everyone and thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering if we could just unpack the bookings commentary a little bit more. As you look across 2023, what are some of the highlights you'd call out? Is it Europe? Is it Caribbean? And also, as you exit this year, what's the typical percent of both things that you have on the books for the following year? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Yes, sure. So I think what we're seeing kind of across the Board is a lot of -- there is a lot of strength in the Caribbean. We see strength in Alaska. We see strength in the Europe, We’re more focused on the Mediterranean area. That's where we see the strength in the bookings. But yes, we see a lot of like these puts and takes and we see these trends change a little bit over time and but for the most part, we're seeing most of our products a lot of strength in demand with the focus a little bit more on the Caribbean in terms of where we're seeing the consumer want to get ahead of the curve in their booking activities. Historically, we've entered the year somewhere between 55% and 60%, I would just be mindful as we go into next year and some of the comments that I made and Naftali made, we don't have any China business assumed for 2023. Typically this point of the year we would have most of that business booked because it was charter related contracts. So that will weigh a little bit on in terms of the percent that were booked. And we have more short product going into 2023, which is a little bit more of a closer in product. But we feel very comfortable with not only how we're booking but we feel very comfortable on how we're going to turn the year to put us in a position for positive yield growth.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Frederick Wightman: Hey, guys, good morning. There was a comment and sort of the breakdown on the occupancy in the quarter that Europe lagged, Alaskan, Caribbean and I know that that was the plan. But can you just sort of help us think about that European occupancy figure as we move into 4Q and then into next year? Is that going to be a laggard for a while or do you think that that ultimately just catches up with the other markets?
Naftali Holtz: Yes, Hi Fred. No, we think -- I think we mentioned it also in the prior call. We think that and we -- this is really a phenomena of this year, just given what happened earlier in the year. So as we look forward, we don't expect that we expect this to be normal. We do have, as I mentioned we did finish 90% in Europe is actually a little bit better than what we expected and for the fourth quarter it's really late season in Europe, which typically is a lower occupancy.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And just to add Fred, I think the real trigger in Europe was when the U.S. finally dropped the testing requirement for U.S. citizens to come back in. And unfortunately that didn't happen until very late spring and that impacted just the bookings over time. But the ramp up from when that announcement was made and has not commented that acceleration resulted in us doing better than we had anticipated in the third quarter but it is a high yielding product and so that mix shift impacts your overall yields.
Frederick Wightman: Make sense.
Michael Bayley: Just to add to that we also had the whole Ukrainian situation which when you think about it -- that came I think pretty much at the beginning of the season so that that was a really pretty significant curveball for bookings for a while.
Frederick Wightman: Make sense. And then just quickly on China no assumption that China comes back online in ‘23. But what if you guys assumed for the ‘25 targets for China?
Jason Liberty: It's very minimal -- actually there's no real -- we expect that we will be in China before the end of 2025. In our assumptions around our Trifecta plan, we have not considered that at this point in time.
Frederick Wightman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jaime Katz with Royal Caribbean. Please go ahead.
Jaime Katz: Hey, it's Jamie from Morningstar.
Jason Liberty: Hey Jaime. I was getting excited Jamie I was --
Jaime Katz: First and curiously as I would be able to delineate maybe what the best cost opportunity is you have out there to control are outside of these transitory things that are pruning back over the next few years?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think some of that comes into on the inflationary side and our ability to just continue to evolve our very nimble supply chain platform to reduce our costs and some of that is by being able to do things more locally versus going out and globally source everything, which sometimes can result in us lowering the freight costs and so forth which can improve our cost structure. And then there's also a lot of opportunity on just automation and doing things more efficiently that we also think is an opportunity for us to lower our costs.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And I guess that kind of if you take a step back or higher a little bit it's also as we continue to grow capacity and grow the business really leveraging the scale and creating the operating leverage. So we can expand the margin.
Jason Liberty: Yes, good point.
Jaime Katz: Of course. And then, as you look at the brands, I know you probably won't bifurcate them. But I'm curious if there are any different demand patterns you guys are seeing between maybe Royal Caribbean and Silversea, is there any sort of booking pattern differences or pricing power differences just as we think about different income demographic status? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, I mean all three brands are actually doing very well. The Silversea guest is obviously higher yielding guest and they tend to book further out, which helps us when we think about our booking curve and more mix of Silversea in there. Well, I think the only thing that I would probably just add is you certainly see the currently the drivable market is certainly something that's benefiting our brands or you can see that in the bookings the guests who are willing to drive six, seven, eight hours to their home port is definitely a trend that we have been seeing. But this is not a surprise coming out of COVID and now we're starting to see guests plan their vacations for fly cruise for example into Europe much earlier than we saw pre-COVID.
Jaime Katz: Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Sure. Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Today's final question will come from a line of Paul Golding with Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.
Paul Golding: Thanks so much and congrats on the quarter. I wanted to dive quickly into the marketing, selling and admin line. It looks relatively flat sequentially, so I'm just trying to figure out here if outside of wave we should think about this returning to normalize structural proportional levels, is it in addition to TAM unlocking? Is it getting cheaper easier to acquire customers from a marketing cost perspective per unit? And then I have a follow-up? Thanks.
Michael Bayley: Yes. No, that's right and we don't -- we expect this as I think we said even in the last quarter earnings we expect to be normalized in terms of our investment in sales and marketing. We're always thinking about where's the best money to spend which channel, which market, but generally we expect it to be at normal levels.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And I think the point is -- we're getting much more efficient in our ability to go one-to-one to our customers, but the cost which I know you guys all follow. The costs for SEO and other related marketing activities has gone up there's been an inflation or demand elements that have caused that to go up in our teams have done I think a very great job in finding efficient ways to do that. And we're not having to spend additional marketing dollars to generate demand which really just shows the strength of our brands and the positioning of our deployment which has paid us quite well.
Paul Golding: Thanks for that color. And then, thinking about Trifecta and some of the initiatives, I was wondering if there was any sort of order priority among those different initiatives? I'm mostly thinking about your ROIC and earnings relative to de-leveraging in light of the carbon reduction efforts which presumably would carry some amount of costs expense and capital. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Yes, I wouldn't put them in -- they have different priorities. Of course the ROIC, the EBITDA margin and leverage and earnings they're all very interrelated. At the same time, we've quadrupled down on what we can do to reduce our consumption the technologies that we can be employing to reduce our carbon footprint. So that is not -- when we look at the lens of making, decision-making it's about what's best for the customer, what's best for our investors and what's best for the environment and how we make those decisions to make sure that we're optimizing all of them.
Paul Golding: Thanks, Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Great. So thank you everyone for your participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-up. I wish you all a great day. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you all for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Joanne, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would welcome you to the Royal Caribbean Group Business Update and Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Michael McCarthy, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. McCarthy, the floor is yours.
Michael McCarthy: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter 2022 business update conference call. Joining me here in Miami are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International. Before we get started, I'd like to note that we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our website and on our earnings release available at www.rclinvestor.com. Jason will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow with a recap of our second quarter results and an update on our latest actions and on the current booking environment. We will then open the call for your questions. With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Michael. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Over the past several months, our teams have reached several very important milestones in our pursuit to quickly return our business back to 2019 financial metrics and beyond. In June, we successfully completed the return of our entire fleet into operation. This was a herculean task by our team, and I'm so thankful and proud of our shipboard and shoreside teams who have worked so incredibly hard under unthinkable and ever-changing circumstances to execute on such a successful return to delivering the best vacations in the world. Our complete operating platform is now up and running. That platform, which includes our leading brand, the most innovative fleet in the industry, our global sourcing and technology apparatus and the best people in the world. It is now positioned to deliver the best vacations in the world responsibly and accelerate our business back to superior financial performance. Another major milestone for the group this past quarter was that our business turned operating cash flow and EBITDA positive. During the second quarter, we achieved earlier than we had expected, positive EBITDA and operating cash flow. This achievement further strengthened our liquidity position and positions us well to continue methodically and proactively improving the balance sheet and refinancing near-term maturities as we seek to return to 2019 metrics and beyond swiftly. This outperformance in Q2 versus our expectations was driven by continued strength in our onboard revenue and accelerating load factors, which hit nearly 90% in June and delivered 82% for the quarter. This combination led us to achieving higher total revenue per guest versus 2019 levels. Our North American itineraries are now sailing at over 100% load factors, and we are building on this momentum as we expect to reach load factors in the mid-90s in Q3 and then return to triple-digit load factors globally by year-end. This will set us up very well for 2023. The combination of consumers' strong propensity to experience in travel, accelerating demographic trends, which are pulling in more bucket list and multigenerational travel, a very compelling value proposition and a strong preference for our brand is translating into strengthening demand. Lastly, the other major milestone for the group and the industry is related to the CDC ending its program for cruise ships as we are now transitioning to the point where everyone will be able to vacation with us. As we've always said, the health and safety of our guests, crew and communities we visit are our top priority, and cruising has proven to be one of the safest environments anywhere. After two years of successfully working with us, the CDC has transitioned from enforcing protocols and policies for the cruise industry to suggestions and recommendations to be in line with the travel and tourism sector. That speaks to the great work we've done together as an industry. While we plan to continue to operate our healthy return-to-service shipboard protocols, one immediate change that I'm happy to report is that starting August 8, pre-embarkation testing for vaccinated guests on voyages of 5 days or less will no longer be required. This will be subject to local destination requirements, and we will continue to test all unvaccinated guests. We also anticipate in the not-too-distant future that pre-embarkation testing for longer duration voyages will be reduced. Before going into the booking commentary, I wanted to share some of the behaviors that we are actually seeing from our guests. Now keep in mind that every day, we have well over 100,000 guests experiencing and spending on our ships. Every day, we take tens of thousands of bookings from our guests looking to travel to a wide range of destinations, anywhere from a quick weekend getaway to bucket list trip to the Galápagos Islands or Antarctica. Every day, we witness and engage in millions of interactions on our websites and through our call centers as guests learn about and book their dream vacations. We see a lot. Overall, we continue to see a financially healthy, highly engaged consumer with a strong hunger to dream and seek experiences, and they are willing to spend more than ever with us to create those memories. Let me give you some more concrete data points. The 100,000-plus guests that we have on our ship every day, including the 125,000 guests that are currently on our ships today, have been spending at least 30% more on board our ships across all categories when compared to 2019. These spending trends have been consistent across our customer base even as we are approaching full load factors. Approximately 60% of our guests book their onboard activities before they ever step foot on our ships. As we said in the past, every dollar a guest spends before the voyage translates into about $0.70 more on the dollar when they sail with us and double the overall spending compared to other guests. As we look into the second half of 2022, precruise revenue APDs are up over 40% versus 2019 levels. The strong consumer demand in our commercial and technical capabilities are contributing to the strong performance. Our distribution channels are now fully up and running. Our websites are receiving close to double the visits compared to 2019, and we are generating record level of direct bookings. In addition, our trade partners are fully up and running and are generating bookings in excess of 2019 levels. We are also seeing in our consumer data that cruise interest is now basically back to 2019 levels as the continued easing of travel protocols and the attractive value proposition is making cruising more and more appealing. The attractive new-to-cruise segment is now returning faster with non-loyalty guests doubling in Q2 compared to Q1, and the mix is essentially on par with 2019 levels. Our attractive brands as well strategically adjusted deployment towards shorter itineraries are driving more new-to-cruise. We also continued to benefit from secular tailwinds anchored in the shift of consumer preferences from goods to experiences. And we are squarely in the experience business. Recreational services are now growing 4x the rate of goods and are expected to continue to outpace 2019 levels. Favorable demographic trends support our growth as well. More than 3 million adults retired during COVID, doubled than what was expected. Meanwhile, millennials are financially healthy, as they reach their peak earning years, forming households and looking for vacations with their families. These trends, combined with the emergence of more paid time off and more flexible work environments, allow guests to spend more vacation time on our cruise ships. The value proposition for cruising remains incredibly attractive and the strength of our brands and platform allows us to continue and capture this quality demand as we ramp up the business this year and build for a successful 2023 and beyond. All this quality demand is translating into strong booking activity. During the second quarter, we saw a strong demand for close in sailings, which contributed to better-than-expected load factors. Bookings for 2022 sailings averaged about 30% above 2019 levels throughout the second quarter and more recently have been up to 35%. The second half of 2022 is booked below historical ranges, but at higher prices than 2019 with and without future cruise ship credits. Cancellations are at pre-COVID levels. In addition, we are now seeing the booking window starting to extend back out, providing further confidence in forward-looking business as our guests thoughtfully planned for the future. As a result, all four quarters of 2023 are booked within historical ranges at record prices with bookings accelerating every week. Our customer deposits are at record levels and over 90% of bookings made in the second quarter were new, while study FCC redemptions continued. Inflation continues to impact businesses across the globe, and we are no exception. As we discussed before, food and fuel are the main categories for us that are susceptible to inflation. We continue to navigate those cost pressures as we seek to enhance our margin profile while delivering the incredible vacation experiences that are expected by our guests. There are some initial positive signs with respect to inflation trends in our food basket. Our more recent month-over-month F&B inflation indicator has increased at the slowest pace thus far in 2022. This, combined with direct conversations with our key suppliers, indicate inflation levels are peaking and that we would start seeing some relief in the coming months. On the fuel side, we continue to optimize consumption and have partially hedged the rate below market prices, which is mitigating the impact on our fuel costs. As we mentioned in the last few quarters, we have taken and continue to take numerous actions to reshape the cost structure of the business to support growing margins as we execute on our recovery. We are now starting to see benefits of these efforts as we ramp up the fleet to full operations. We also expect the growth in margins to accelerate in the second half and into 2023. Earlier this month, we acquired the ultra-luxury cruise ship Endeavour. Originally delivered in 2021 the ship joined Silversea Cruise’s expedition fleet. The ship is scheduled to begin service this November in Antarctica with bookings already commencing. This opportunistic acquisition allows us to add capacity and capture growth opportunities in a very attractive expedition segment. Financially, it was a unique opportunity to acquire a brand-new, high-quality expedition vessel significantly below the building costs and that is fully financed through an attractive, long-term unsecured financing arrangement. We expect this transaction to be immediately accretive to earnings, cash flow and ROIC. While the last 2.5 years were certainly challenging, we have proven that our business and company are resilient. Our business is now fully back up and running, and our operating platform is larger and stronger than it has ever been. We have the best brands in their respective segments, industry-leading ships and one-of-a-kind private destinations like Perfect Day. Our diverse distribution channels and commercial capabilities allow us to reach more quality demand. Our itineraries are strategically planned to be closer to home with an emphasis on shorter itineraries that appeal to both new-to-cruise and loyal customers. Our data shows that consumers seek vacations in all economic conditions. Cruising has always been an attractive value proposition when compared to land-based vacation alternatives. And that is truer today than ever before. Our strategy remains consistent, continue to ramp up occupancy to generate yield growth while managing costs, enhancing profitability and repairing our balance sheet. Our business has a proven track record of generating robust cash flows through various economic cycles and our platform is bigger and better than ever before. Our liquidity is strong, and we have access to capital as we look to refinance debt and improve our balance sheet. We continue to expect 2022 to be a strong transitional year as we approach historical occupancy levels. This will set a strong foundation for success into 2023 and beyond. We are also providing guidance for the third quarter for the first time since Q1 of 2020. With our stronger platform and proven strategies, I am confident about our recovery trajectory and the future of the Royal Caribbean Group. With that, I will turn it over to Naftali. Naf?
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin by discussing our results for the second quarter. This morning, we reported a net loss of approximately $500 million or $2.05 per share for the quarter. Revenue was $2.2 billion, double the first quarter. And we generated almost $0.5 billion of operating cash flow. EBITDA was $124 million and turned positive in May, a month before our expectations. Second quarter results were meaningfully ahead of our expectations driven by accelerating demand, further improvement in onboard revenue and better cost performance. We expect these trends to continue. Our business is now back to generating cash beyond our operating and capital costs, which is further strengthening our strong liquidity position. It also positions us to continue to methodically and proactively improve the balance sheet and refinance near-term maturities. As Jason mentioned, we finished the second quarter at 82% load factors with June at just about 90% and North American product at about 100% overall. And in fact, our Caribbean itineraries finished the quarter at a load factor of 103% overall, with some ships receiving particularly strong close-in demand and sailing with occupancies as high as 107%. Our Northeast and West Coast products, including Alaska, sailed at around 90% in June. Load factors on our European itineraries, which were impacted by the Ukraine war averaged 75% in June. During the second quarter, total revenue per passenger cruise day increased 5% in constant currency compared to the second quarter of 2019. Both ticket and onboard revenue continue to perform well for us even as we approach full occupancy. As we discussed before, the inclusive pricing and packages offered by our brands blur the line between ticket and onboard revenue. Our goal is to maximize overall revenue, and the best way to evaluate performance is by focusing on our total cruise revenue metrics. Next, I will comment on capacity and load factor expectations over the coming period. We plan to operate about 11.6 million APCDs during the third quarter. From a deployment standpoint, just over 1/3 of our capacity is in the Caribbean, 1/3 is in Europe, and the remainder is mostly sailing North American itineraries, such as Alaska and Bermuda. As Jason mentioned, we have consistently seen strong demand across all open deployment. Overall, we expect load factors of approximately 95% for the third quarter and triple digits by the end of the year. Let me break down third quarter load factors by itinerary. We have been sailing at above 100% in the Caribbean since mid-June, and most of our other North American base itineraries are now averaging about 100%. The ramp-up has been a bit slower for European sailings, which were impacted by Omicron, the war in Ukraine and the COVID testing requirement for travelers returning to the United States. The lifting of the testing requirement occurred well into the typical booking window for Europe. And while we saw improved booking trends, it occurred too late to have a meaningful impact on this summer sailings. Despite that, European sailings are now achieving average load factors of around 85%, but still well below other key itineraries in the third quarter. This has two main impacts on our metrics. First, it pushed our recovery of 100% fleet-wide occupancy to the fourth quarter of 2022. And second, overall pricing appears less favorable in the third quarter when compared to 2019 levels because European sailings generate higher-than-average prices. The impact to pricing is isolated to the third quarter because of the heavier weighting of European deployment. Adjusting for this impact, price trends are more similar to the mid-single digits in recent quarters. As expected, book load factors for sailings in the second half of 2022 remained below historical levels at slightly higher rates than 2019, both including and excluding FCCs. As Jason mentioned, accelerating demand levels and the recent booking pace are aligned with our load factor expectations for the third quarter. Our customer deposit balance as of June 30 was $4.2 billion, a record high for the company. Now that the full fleet is in service and occupancy is ramping up, we expect to return to a more typical seasonality in customer deposit levels. In the second quarter, approximately 90% of total bookings were new versus FCC redemptions. We continue to see the redemption of FCCs by our customers as ships returned back into service, deployment firmed up and protocols have been easing. To date, approximately 60% of the FCC balance has been redeemed and half of those have already sailed. Approximately 20% of customer deposit balance is related to FCCs, which is a 7% improvement from the last quarter. For new bookings, we have returned to typical booking and cancellation policies that were relaxed during the pandemic. Shifting to costs. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel per APCD improved 60% in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. The second quarter costs included $7.75 per APCD related to enhanced health protocols and onetime costs to return ships and crew back to operations. We expect to see a significant improvement in net cruise costs, excluding fuel per APCD in the second half of 2022 compared to the first half. Lower expenses related to returning ships and crew to operations and easing health protocols as well as the fact that the full fleet is now back in operations are driving this improvement. In addition, the benefit from actions taken during the last two years to improve margins are now beginning to materialize as the full fleet is operating and occupancies are returning to historical levels. We expect this benefit to continue its ramp-up through 2022 and into 2023. As Jason mentioned, we are actively managing inflationary pressures, mainly related to fuel and food. Our teams continue to demonstrate the ability to manage cost pressures while delivering the incredible vacations expected by our guests. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel per APCD, are expected to be higher by mid-single digits for the second half of 2022 when compared to 2019. Third quarter is expected to be higher. On the fuel side, we continue to improve consumption and have partially hedged the rate below market prices, which is mitigating the impact on our fuel costs. As of today, fuel consumption is 56% hedged for the remainder of 2022 and 36% for 2023. In the third quarter of 2022, our hedge position is 49%, which is slightly lower than the average for the second half of the year. On the other hand, consumption continues to improve across the fleet, driven by benefits from our prior investments to reduce our energy consumption and adding eight new vessels to our fleet in the last 18 months. Shifting to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $3.3 billion in liquidity. During the second quarter, we generated almost $0.5 billion of operating cash flow and repaid $700 million of debt maturities. Our liquidity remains strong, and we are now generating cash beyond our operating and capital costs. We are also expanding our margins to further en`hance EBITDA and free cash flow. We are very focused on returning to the balance sheet we had pre-COVID. Our plan is to methodically and proactively refinance near-term maturities and debt issued during the pandemic. We have demonstrated access to capital through the last 2 years, even in very challenging conditions as well as thoughtful management of the balance sheet. Now turning to guidance. We are providing guidance for the third quarter for the first time since Q1 2020. For the third quarter, and based on current currency exchange rates, fuel rates and interest rates, we expect to generate $2.9 billion to $3 billion in total revenues, adjusted EBITDA of $700 million to $750 million and adjusted earnings per share of $0.05 to $0.25. Due to increases in fuel rates, interest rates and foreign exchange, we expect a slight net loss for the second half of 2022. We stay focused on executing on our recovery by ramping up our load factors, expanding margins and managing the balance sheet. When our business is fully operational, it generates significant cash flow. We are confident in our ability to continue on our recovery as we build the future of the Royal Caribbean Group. With that, I will ask our operator to open the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: So Jason and Naftali, I mean, there's clearly concern out there in the marketplace today about your current liquidity position and the options that you guys have in terms of attacking, I think it's, let's call it, $5 billion plus of '23 debt maturities. At this point, we've seen one of your competitors go out and issue equity and raised debt north of 10%. So I guess the question everybody is trying to figure out is how can you get these maturities refinanced in the current high rate environment without the use of equity? And hopefully, that all makes sense.
Jason Liberty: Okay. Well, thanks, Steve. I thought you were going to first start off and say, wow, you're back positive EBITDA, positive cash flow. I was hoping for like a little bit of a hug. But I think to just kind of going into -- I know that there is focus around the balance sheet and especially in the current state of the capital markets. First, I think our business is clearly ramping up. We're generating cash flow after OpEx, after CapEx. We're not seeing slowing down in activity and demand. We're actually seeing acceleration with our bookings and onboard activity. I think we have clearly shown through this that we have been very thoughtful and very methodical about capital raising, balancing liquidity and minimizing dilution, especially relative to others. And so I think when we have raised equity, it has been to manage liquidity and as we are right now, we are generating cash flow. We do think we have access to the capital markets, and we are confident that we're going to be able to continue to manage our balance sheet and repair it here over time. I would note that issuing equity, one is obviously, it's a Board decision. The bars are exceptionally high for us to be issuing equity. We don't have any plans to issue equity. What the Board is really focused on is how do we get back to pre-COVID levels as soon as possible and by that, meaning earnings, meaning ROIC and getting our balance sheet back and leverage back to what it was pre-COVID. So I think we feel that we have a plan and a path. And I think that the -- what we're seeing in the business and the improvement in the cash flow in the business is also giving us opportunity to be able to address some of these maturities with cash.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Understood. That's very clear. Second question is a -- it's going to be a two-part question. I guess, Jason, in your prepared remarks, you made a comment about how the business is getting back to pre-COVID levels. And I just want to understand maybe the timing a little bit more about the timing behind that comment. And then the second question is the opportunity right now on the cost side with -- and what I mean by that is what the CDC essentially leaving you guys alone, so to speak. I'd assume there are probably hundreds of millions of COVID costs out there right now across the industry. I'm wondering potentially about the timing of getting, I guess, the majority of those costs removed?
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, I'll leave the question on cost for Naf. The one thing I would say is, I don't know how it categorized as a CDC leaving us alone. I think it's us proving through empirical data that cruising is an extremely safe environment and that our protocols are working effectively. And like them, we follow the science and are managing it. But I think to your point, there is a significant amount of cost that we were spending on healthy return to service and testing and so forth, and I'll let Naf address here in a second. So I think just to address a little bit on the pre-COVID, and I do appreciate the question because there are a number of factors that provide that I've talked about in my remarks, just incredible tailwinds to earnings and margin and returns as we accelerate to 2023 and beyond. As I mentioned, there are really strong secular trends, demographic trends that are providing tailwinds for our business. And the consumers are clearly looking to spend on experiences and of course, cruising has a really great value proposition relative to land-based vacations. I would argue it's way too good of a value proposition, and we're all working very hard on dealing that relative to land-based vacations. Also during the past few years, we worked pretty hard on reshaping our cost structure, improving our margin profile, like reducing non-guest-facing costs. We divested out of low-margin businesses to position ourselves for significant margin growth. Also like our brands, they are leading positions with each -- in each of their respective sectors, and we continue to go out and build the most innovative fleet in the industry. And that growth will lead to higher margins, as we've talked about in the past, better inventory mix, better onboard revenue venue, better fuel consumption and more scale brings more margin onto our G&A. And then with my comments today about the CDC and our change in our policies around that, and when we look at our booking environment that is accelerating, we expect 2023 to be a normal operating year. And by normal, I mean, we'll be at normal load factors, we'll be at better rates, and that will all lead to strong EBITDA and earnings performance. And with that comes positive cash flow and that cash flow will be prioritized and scrutinized to make sure -- and going towards high-returning investments and deleveraging. And we do anticipate swiftly reducing our negative carry, which will then return us to pre-COVID earnings over the next couple of years. I do want to be clear that getting back to pre-COVID financial metrics, it's part of the journey. I think we call it internally just getting back to base camp. So we're not going to be doing laps around the building when we get to pre-COVID levels because our ambitions around our financial performance based off of our brands, our ships, our growth is much greater than just getting to pre-COVID levels. And I do anticipate as we get towards the latter part of this year, giving a lot more color and definition to a longer-term program, which will include getting to base camp and beyond, and our plan is to get more clarity as we have done in the past with programs like Double-Double that help us galvanize our internal teams to focus on delivering on those results.
Naftali Holtz: Hi, Steve. It's Naf. So let me just touch on your costs. So you're right. In the earnings release, we also disclosed that in this quarter, in the second quarter, we had $7.75 per APCD cost that is related to the health protocols as well as onetime cost to return to ships and crew back to operation. And just as a reminder, we actually returned eight ships in the second quarter. So that's obviously part of the cost. And as we look forward into the rest of 2022, we expect the improvement in our cruise costs. Part of it is because of those easing protocols. And then as we look beyond that, we think that those costs will be materially eliminated and be absorbed whatever is left into the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: I wanted to ask about how quickly you think you might be able to remove the test requirement for the six-plus, seven-plus day cruises just since that's the majority of your itineraries, how quickly you may be able to do that, which obviously would be a demand driver?
Jason Liberty: Yes. So we're starting off here by doing the five days or less and we're going to look at that. But I think our expectation here, call it, in the next 45 days or so and of course, following local requirements, which will somewhat dictate in some of our destinations what those testing requirements will be that the majority of the testing requirements will be lifted, especially around the majority of our deployment. We might, depending on where the ships are going, take some additional protocols. And of course, we're going to continue to follow where COVID is in society and take the necessary actions.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. And then just as a follow-up on the maturities that are related to the expert credit agencies, is there an opportunity to push back some of those maturities given that they don't have the same lending characteristics as a lot of your capital markets maturities? And is that something that could happen sooner rather than later?
Naftali Holtz: Robin, it's Naftali. So as you noted, our relationships with the ECAs are very, very strong. They have supported us as well as our commercial banks or other lending partners throughout the pandemic through multiple actions. And we have not -- we don't have anything to talk about today. We are very confident with our ability to generate free cash flow to cover operating and capital costs. Our liquidity is strong. So we're very confident that we can manage the maturities in the next 18 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research.
Frederick Wightman: It sounds like, and this is totally fair, that the European occupancy numbers were impacted by Ukraine and then also some of the reentry testing requirements. But have you seen a pickup in bookings for those? It sounds like '22 is not going to benefit. But as you look into '23, have you seen those European bookings numbers accelerate as some of those reentry testing requirements were lifted?
Jason Liberty: Well, I'll just -- I think a few comments. One, on 2022, as soon as that -- the U.S. testing requirement was lifted, I think we immediately saw a 9% or 10% lift in our booking activity for the mean the 2022 sailings. So we've actually made up quite a bit of ground since that was lifted. And of course, you're getting flights close in. It can also be a challenge, especially in the current state of the airline world in Europe. But we have seen very strong demand for Europe for 2023. The volume really starts to pick up here as we exit the summer. But from what we can see relative to 2019 levels or historical levels, we do expect Europe to act and behave very similar to what it did in 2019 in terms of load factors and rates.
Frederick Wightman: Perfect. And then I guess just all the metrics that you guys gave, Jason, was super helpful just from a consumer health perspective. But if you look at all the strong spending, both predeparture and onboard, and it seems a little bit of a disconnect versus some of the comments you've heard from Walmart and some of these other retailers, like can you sort of explain that away from where you sit just a customer base difference? Is there something structurally different? I mean how do you sort of see the consumer spending holding up here going forward?
Jason Liberty: No, I think it's two things, and certainly, Michael and Naf can hop in on others. But I think first and foremost, we're not -- like we're not selling stuff. We're selling experiences. Yes, we might have a couple of things you're buying in a retail store on our ships. But in reality, right, the vast majority of that spend orbits around experiences, creating memories, multigenerational travel, et cetera, that people are -- when they have a lot of pent-up demand for it, and I think they also value experience and relationships differently than they did historically. So I think that's one tailwind. The second tailwind, which we had been -- or talking about a pre-COVID and we continue to invest in it during COVID was that we replaced our commerce engine for pre-cruise or for our onboard sales. And so shifting more and more of that purchase pre-cruise that effectively becomes one, they're able to plan and experience as they want. So they're getting what they want in terms of the customer, but also that becomes a sum cost to them. They've already paid that credit card bill, et cetera and so it's new spend for them to consider. So I think those two things, and of course, our teams have become much, much more sophisticated in yield managing and enhancing the experience that people are willing to buy, I think, is what's driving that uplift more than anything else. Michael?
Michael Bayley: So Fred, it's Michael. Just to add one nugget of information to Jason's comments. We've seen -- really it's been an amazing response to our software and our communication and how we've been talking to the customers about experience, and just one nugget is that yesterday, we sold one -- just one of our overwater cabanas for 1 day for $4,000. And we just see there's just a lot of demand for these experiences, as Jason said. And we've also seen this in Alaska, for example, with the product that we have in Alaska that people just seem to be more willing to open their wallets and purchase these experiences. So it's been a very positive response to a lot of the products and services and experiences that we have.
Jason Liberty: Yes. The only thing I would just add just anecdotally, we all bought -- we bought a lot of stuff during the pandemic. I'm sure like all of you, I had 10 Amazon boxes show up in my house every single day. And I think people have absorbed and consumed all that they're looking -- I mean, I'm using hyperbole here, but things that they want to buy. And I think they're really again, very, very focused on experience.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Chaiken with Credit Suisse.
Benjamin Chaiken: On the bookings side, you guys mentioned plus 30% in 2Q versus the same period in 2019. It sounded like that got -- my interpretation was that got better through the quarter and then a lot -- even better than that. Presumably, the CDC change would drive incremental demand above and beyond that. Have you guys thought about how you're going to message that to the consumer? Like is there just going to be -- are you expecting there's just going to be kind of like -- like the news is going to pick that up? Or are you guys going to reach out like proactively? Would love to hear how you're thinking about it.
Michael Bayley : Ben, it's Michael. Yes, I mean, I think what we're going to see today, we're already expecting it and our call centers are prepared and we've already worked on, obviously, our talking points and what have you. It's already going out into social media. We've started communicating to our distribution, and we're starting to communicate through e-mails to our customer base. So this kind of change, I think, we'll be seeing very positively. And we've got some distributors who have been anxiously awaiting changes as long as -- along with many of our customers. One of the calculations that we have is about 40% of all of the FCCs that are sitting on the buy lines of people who've been waiting for the protocols to change. So I think this easement and this change is going to be viewed very positively. So we're expecting to see an increase in bookings literally starting today.
Benjamin Chaiken : That's helpful. And then you mentioned $500 million in operating cash flow in the quarter. And then based on the net income guide, I think Naf -- and math would suggest that, I think if not mistaken, over $1 billion in operating cash flow in 3Q. Is there anything on the working capital side, I need to consider that would throw that off?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So I think the way I would characterize it is that we are generating now positive EBITDA and cash flow. We are covering more than our operating costs and capital costs. And there's nothing unique in the third quarter in terms of anything to point out. And all that cash flow will be to prioritize to pay down debt.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think the only one comment I want to make about I think, just broader working capital just to keep in mind is we're now in the high season, right? And we've added capacity with -- during this time. So our customer deposit balance has been rising. But there will -- we're moving into now a zone as we're getting to normal load factors that we'll now start to see the historical seasonality of customer deposits. So I would just kind of keep that in mind as you're looking at comparables to previous quarters that I would look more in how it is -- in previous period on a seasonality basis than I would quarter-over-quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandt Montour with Barclays.
Brandt Montour: I was wondering if you could just address, Jason or Michael or anyone, the perception from the market that there's an elevated level of discounting for the industry overall. I mean, obviously, that doesn't really foot with the really good accelerating booking volume commentary that you guys are saying. But obviously, I'm wondering how much of that is related to the still sort of COVID-19 protocols and we're just waiting for the experience to normalize?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think I'll just make a few comments and sorry, Michael, please jump in on it. So first, I think that there is a reality of we're packaging much more than we have had in the past. And some of that comes and that accelerates some of the pre-cruise activity that I was talking about in terms of the onboard experience. So depending on how you're looking at the discounting, sometimes it's more about geography of what's going into ticket and what's going in to onboard. And so there's a little bit of that reality that has been evolving now for many, many years, not just with us but also inside the industry. And then there's also -- we brought up eight ships in the second quarter. And so as we're bringing those ships up and there's more shore product, et cetera, some of those comparables look like there's -- it's a highly promotional environment, which is more promotional than it typically is. But it's something that is yielding higher rates because that combination of the ticket and the onboard are yielding a higher APD.
Brandt Montour: Okay. That's really helpful. And then a follow-up on Naftali's comments in his prepared remarks about the adjusted mid-single-digit sort of net revenue per PCD in the 3Q. That will be two quarters where you guys have net revenue per PCD mid-single digits versus '19. I'm just curious, considering both those quarters had heavily disrupted booking cycles as well as notable COVID-19 constraints, again, which you talked about, is there any reason why we shouldn't think of that mid-single digit as a base case going forward?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think that what we're seeing, and even in our commentary into 2023, right, being within historical ranges at higher rates, I think that's what we're continuing to see. And I think it also leads a little bit into my comments about the value proposition, right? There is a very healthy gap and a larger gap today than there has been with land-based vacations. And I think when -- now that these protocols are falling off and we're operating and our guests who are incredible advocates of ours are sharing their experiences and telling them that cruise is just like what it was pre-COVID, that all of that is kind of manifesting into this opportunity where people look at cruising and saying, wow, this is a really good value proposition. And even if I pay a little bit more money, it's still a huge gap to if I did a land-based vacation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research Company.
Vince Ciepiel: You talked about using cash flow to focus on deleveraging as well as high-returning investments. I think part of that's your investments in your existing ships. Can you talk about how you approached maintaining those through COVID? And what type of kind of cash CapEx for the existing fleet you kind of envision in '22 or '23?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. Thanks for the question. So first, throughout the last two years, we were very focused. One of our guiding principle was to maintain the quality and the health of our assets. And we continue to do dry docks. We delayed the way -- we laid out the ships was very unique such that when we knew that when we come back, we would minimize the need for more investment on maintenance. And I think we're very, very pleasantly surprised and as expected, as we are now back to operations, we don't see any elevated needs for capital for any deferred maintenance. So of course, we're doing kind of regular maintenance dry docks. And those are very -- those are obviously within our numbers that we've shared with you, but there's nothing elevated outside of that. And we, at this point, generating cash flow beyond our operating capital needs. And again, as you mentioned, we are prioritizing that cash flow to pay down debt.
Jason Liberty: The other point I just wanted to add, which -- just a bit on Naf's point that we had invested a significant amount of money pre-COVID in the modernization of our fleet. As our ships got more and more innovative and larger and more incredible activities to do, that gap was widening. And we -- pre-COVID, we closed that gap considerably by adding a lot of those features onto our our legacy fleet. And so that's why I think we -- as Naf said, we will continue to invest in high-returning programs. But we've actually invested a lot to keep our core business relevance within our brands.
Vince Ciepiel: And another kind of housekeeping item on the modeling front. Talk a little bit about fuel. I think that the guide for 3Q came in a little bit higher than I would have thought, especially with the recent decline in fuel prices. How are you thinking about kind of pricing into next year? And can you talk about any changes going on in mix versus pre-COVID, MGO versus IFO and any efficiencies to keep in mind on the consumption per ALBD?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So thanks for the question. So first, on the consumption side, we continue to make progress on improvement on consumption. We did it the last several years, and that continues to happen. Obviously, we have newer ships that are much more efficient. So I think on the consumption side, obviously, we're continuing to make that progress. Specifically about the quarter, two things in mind. One, in my prepared remarks, I mentioned that we are lower than the average in terms of our hedging and that obviously impacts some of that fuel cost in the third quarter, but we are obviously going to be higher hedged in the fourth quarter. The other thing is that the consumption is a little bit more skewed in this quarter towards MGO and less IFO is also contributing to a little bit of a higher field expense. But it's very isolated to the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Golding with Macquarie Capital.
Paul Golding: Congrats on returning to positive EBITDA and cash flow. I wanted to circle back on Naf's comments in terms of the shorter itineraries to attract new-to-cruise. Is this sort of a post-COVID only move? Or is this something maybe a bit more structural that we should expect to see just in terms of jump starting the new-to-cruise return? And are there any costs associated with what may or may not be based on your response, a higher mix of shorter itineraries and certainly, that lines up with the testing requirement commentary as well? And then I have a follow-up about the booking curve.
Michael Bayley: Paul, it's Michael. No, I mean we've been very focused on new-to-cruise pre-COVID. We had a great degree of success of generating new-to-cruise, and it's always been part of our strategic intent. And we planned and had tactics around that. And we feel like we were making exceptional progress pre-COVID. Post COVID, and I think we commented in the past that the real return was supported by our loyal now kind of normalized, and we see the new-to-cruise returning to kind of pre-COVID levels. So -- but certainly, the shore product is the on-ramp for new-to-cruise. And with Perfect Day, which now we're close to taking 10,000 people a day to Perfect Day, which is proving to be a real continued success and it really does draw the new-to-cruise. So it was, it is and it will continue to be very much part of our overall strategy.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And I think just one point to add, we're also staying very kind of tuned in with the customer. And during COVID or the early days, they were very locally minded. Now, they're becoming much more regionally minded as we're seeing them being comfortable booking in different products in North America, booking products in Europe as they kind of now move more and more towards back being globally minded, which is where they were pre-COVID. And I think we're very tuned in. Our brands are very tuned into that. And in many cases, the product or the itineraries are a reflection of where we think the consumer is today relative to their travel preferences.
Paul Golding: And then on the booking curve, the commentary in the press release continues to suggest a closer in trend, I guess. Are you seeing the closer-end trend abate at all? And to what extent do you see that maybe as being a bit more structural? Does that inform sort of how we should think about your commentary in future periods on the booking curve? And just any commentary around the consumer trend in terms of how far out the booking configuration tends to be right now?
Jason Liberty : Well, the booking curve is no longer really contracting. It's now expanding again. So I do think we expect it to return here over the coming, call it, 6 months or so to a normal level of a booking window relative to historical activity. But as our ships are coming up and as I think people are -- as protocols begin to fall away here now, we would expect there to be a further acceleration in close-in demand for whatever inventory is left, which can lean a little bit on that macro statistic around the booking window. But what we have seen over the coming -- over the past several weeks and months, is that window beginning to extend.
Michael Bayley: Just to add to Jason's point, I mean if you think about our deployment during this period, we had a lot more regional drive-to products. So we skewed a little bit more heavily towards that drive-to product, which is easier in many ways to book and has less logistics to deal with. So I think it did kind of favor a later booking pattern because of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Politzer with Wells Fargo.
Daniel Politzer: So I had a question on the net cruise costs. I think you mentioned that they should be higher for the second half of 2022, but I think you said mid-single digits with a sequential improvement. I mean, as we think about kind of the pacing of that and going into 2023, should it continue to improve? Or is inflation going to be offsetting some of that improvement?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So thanks for the question. So yes, we do expect to see an improvement in mid-single digits for the second half, and this should be also a sequential improvement from a quarter-to-quarter as the protocols are easing. Obviously, we're building the load factors as well. And as we look into 2023, our goal is to get to our pre-COVID margins as soon as possible. On one hand, as you mentioned, there is inflation, and we mentioned -- commented on the baskets that are impacting us the most. On the other hand, we also, as Jason mentioned, we've done a lot in the last two years to reshape our cost structure. And we expect that to ramp up this in the second half and well into 2023.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then as the COVID protocols have been taken away and you would think that there's going to be accelerated demand, how do you think about maybe ramping up marketing expenses in the coming quarters just given it's probably a little bit different than your typical seasonality?
Jason Liberty: I mean we -- I'll let Michael kind of comment on it. But I mean, we have been investing in marketing, and we continue -- we have our marketing plans. I don't think the CDC changes is something that really impacts our marketing activities, but I'll yield and see whatever else Michael wants to add to it.
Michael Bayley: No, I was just going to -- I mean, I agree with Jason's comments. I mean, there's obviously a natural cadence that flows through the year, and we're kind of moving out of the summer into September in the fourth quarter. And all of our attention now switches really to '23. And just historically and normally, once we get past June and July, a lot of the consumer activity does tend to focus on their '23 vacation and what have you. So our marketing tends to really begin to ramp up as we move into Q4 and, of course, all in preparation for wave. And we're quite optimistic with what we're seeing in bookings and the acceleration of the pace of those bookings week by week. So we're thinking that '23 is going to look pretty good.
Jason Liberty: Okay. We have time for one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Stathoulopoulos with Susquehanna.
Christopher Stathoulopoulos: So the onboard spend, the strength on the onboard spend in your prepared remarks, you spoke about the dollar prebook and I think $0.70 on the dollar with translating to onboard. So is that -- do you feel that that's sort of part of some revenue initiatives that you had going into the prepandemic now starting to reengage? Or do you feel that, that sort of something has changed dynamically and this is in response to the pre -- to the pandemic? Just want to better understand how you're thinking about the sort of stickiness in the sort of the go-forward dynamic on onboard spend.
Michael Bayley: It's Michael. I think everything is the same and everything has changed. I do think that the consumer has changed in terms of how they engage with commerce. And we know from what we see with our distribution in the different channels that there's a higher propensity now to go to the web and to book on the web, et cetera. And I think, certainly, the investments that we made in our technology as it relates to getting to customers about their cruise experience and the opportunities and experiences that are available to them has proven to be successful. And I think that penetration rate has grown dramatically. And I think that's connected and reflects the kind of the acceptance that the consumer has now at a much greater level to buy online. And I think that, that change is structural, and it's going to stay with us. And I believe that everything that we've done with our pre-cruise marketing is really proving to be very effective.
Jason Liberty : Just I think just one thing I just want to add on to it, that we saw this pre-pandemic and very much kind of lead it into the investments that Michael was just talking about is that we have for decades thinking that the customer -- because the customer was focused on buying a cruise. And they have -- and we saw this when we saw the shift from goods to experiences pre-COVID is that they're really focused on buying an experience. And we had to make the investments on a technology basis to make sure that when a consumer is -- whether it's -- when they're booking their vacation or they're leading up to their vacation that we were able to put in front of them, the overall experience that they were going to have and they want to put it all together so that they can create the memories that they want to create just leveraging kind of the canvas that we provide them. And I think that's really what a lot of these investments and how we've been marketing to them, which is leading to more and more of the onboard pre-booking activities. But I would say that when we think about the technology that we've installed, we're still very early innings. It has opportunity to be very sophisticated, even easier to interact with. And I think that we're very bullish on what can come out of that. And yes, of course, there's money to be made in it, but it's really by focusing and enhancing on the experience, that's going to lead to a happier customer, a customer that's willing to pay more and that leads to better returns.
Christopher Stathoulopoulos : Okay. And a follow-up question. So obviously, there's a lot of concern around the potential cyclical slowdown here. And the sort of the view is that when you ask the cruise lines or the airlines for that matter that people will continue to take vacations during a recession. And for you specifically, cruising being the better value versus land-based alternatives. So just curious if you could kind of frame -- I realize the Great Recession might not be the best comp here, but what you've seen in a slowdown with respect to repeat cruisers, new to cruisers cruising? And then what are the levers in a slowdown that you could kind of pull? Or what's your sort of your RMS team has in its playbook into a slowing and then similar sort of idea on your unit costs?
Jason Liberty: Yes. So I mean, this is obviously a very difficult question to answer because depending on which recession you're talking about, I mean, the U.S. over the past 30 years has really had episodic type of economic downturns, whether it was the unfortunate circumstances with 9/11, the Great Recession, et cetera. What we see in other markets that just have kind of modest economic downturns, we actually don't see a lot of impact on our pricing. And I think it's more focused on the value proposition gap between land-based vacation that cruising tends to do quite well because of that gap that's out there. Now in saying that, what we do see is they will tend to look for the overall cost of their vacation. And I think leading into what we were talking about with shore product and 7-night and so forth and traveling more regionally, which is how we position our deployment. That typically leads to us coming out of that in very good shape. But I think it's important to stress in my comments is we do not see any of this in the day-to-day trading of our business, the day-to-day spend that's happening on our business. And we're a nimble organization. And of course, you can't save your way to greatness, but we do think our revenue managers do think that we can continue to improve yield even in an impact on an economic standpoint -- broader economic standpoint.
Jason Liberty: Thank you for assisting, Joanne, with the call today, and thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-ups you may have. I wish you all a very good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Abby Gail, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Royal Caribbean Group's Business Update and First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael McCarthy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McCarthy, the floor is yours.
Michael McCarthy: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our business update and first quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International. Before we get started, I'd like to note that we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change. Also, we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our website and in our earnings release available at www.rclinvestor.com. Jason will begin strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow with a recap of our first quarter results and an update on our latest actions and on the current booking environment. We will then open the call for your questions. With that I’m pleased to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Michael. Good morning everyone. And thank you for joining us today. Before jumping in and talking about the exciting things happening in our business, I would like to express our deep thoughts and prayers to our 2000 plus Ukrainian Royal Caribbean Group, family members, and to the citizens of Ukraine who continue to be affected by this tragic war. We, as always, remain focused on the safety and wellbeing of our employees and continued to provide them with support services and financial assistance during this time of incredible hardship. We are all praying and hoping for a peaceful resolution soonest. Now moving on to the business, our teams have done an exceptional job, getting our fleet back into service so that we can continue our mission on delivering the best vacation experiences in a responsible way. As of today, 95% of our fleet capacity has returned to service. It's incredible to think that our journey to full fleet operations will be complete in less than eight weeks on our 63rd ship Celebrity Infinity welcomes guests for the first time since March of 2020. Since we resumed operations, we have delivered memorable vacation experiences to over two million guests worldwide while earning record high guest satisfaction scores. Additionally, outside of China, the vast majority of our destinations and markets are back online. I want to thank our teams, both ship and shore, for delivering on our mission. So successfully. During the first quarter, we managed through the challenges brought on by Omicron variant that resulted in the cancellation of 57 sailings in Q1, moderated our load factors in January and February and softened demand for future voyages. We have now sailed through these operational and short term demand challenges caused by the variant. Over the past 60 days, demand has materially surpassed both pre-Omicron and 2019 levels. Load factors improved throughout the first quarter and we finished the month of March at a load factor of 68%. We expect our load factors to continue to build averaging between 75% and 80% in the second quarter and reaching triple digits by the end of the year. We continue to be thoughtful about the build of our business, being mindful of maintaining price integrity, taking advantage of high onboard spenders, and as always focusing on the health and safety of our guest and crew. Now moving to the demand and operating environment, we continue to see strong demand for leisure travel and cruising. The robust, secular trend of experiences over things that propelled our business in the past years is now recovering towards pre-COVID levels. Consumers are now re-engaging with the world and as a result, spending on travel in 2022 is set to outpace pre-pandemic levels with consumers, planning to travel more frequently. Cruise consideration is the highest it has been in two years and nearing pre-pandemic levels with the most significant recovery among those new to cruising. Consumers are in a healthy financial position, strong labor markets, wage growth, and record cash savings, $4 trillion in the U.S. support spend on vacation experiences. We are watching the high inflationary environment, but so far we have not seen an impact on consumer behaviors or willingness to spend on travel and cruise vacations. Strong demand for cruise experiences continue to translate into robust, onboard revenue performance for us across all categories from casino, beverage, and shore excursions to internet, retail and spa. As we mentioned in recent quarters, our investment in a new pre cruise planning system allows guests to better plan and book their onboard experiences. As a result, we continue to see increased penetration of pre-cruise purchases, which is leading to significantly higher total spend per guest. We remain focused on continuing to innovate the vacation experience we offer. We are strategically investing in our future to maintain our strong, competitive advantage setting the foundation for a strong recovery and long term profitable growth. On our last earnings call, we discussed our expectations for a delayed wave period. And while it started a few weeks later than we originally expected, it is what we are seeing now. Bookings improved each week during the first quarter, as the impact from Omicron faded. For the past eight weeks, bookings have been meaningfully higher than 2019 with particular strength and North American itineraries.  Our largest brand, Royal Caribbean International, set two new records in March with the largest single booking day and the highest booking week in the brand's 53-year history. We have also experienced some headwinds related to the impact from the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. Itineraries initially planned to visit Russia represent only 2% of our overall capacity and close to 10% of our European capacity. In early March we decided to cancel calls to Russian ports, including St. Petersburg and substituted those itineraries with other highly desirable destinations. Naturally, we saw a short-term increase in cancellations and booking hesitancy for Baltic Sea itineraries, combined with some softness in overall European demand. After several weeks of softer trends, booking volumes improved and are now above 2019 levels. However, the impact from the slow down during a key booking period is definitely weighing on our load factors for our European sail. While there are some headwinds in Europe, our North American based itineraries, which account for over 70% of our capacity this year have been trending much better with recent bookings more than 40% ahead of 2019 levels. We are also seeing an increased volume of close in bookings as consumers seem to be making their vacation decisions closer to their sailing date. This contributed to better than expected load factors in March, despite the impact of the Omicron variant earlier this year. We continue to build on the demand environment for the rest of this year and into 2023. Inflation is impacting businesses across the globe, and we are no exception. As we mentioned in the last few quarters fuel and food are categories that are most susceptible to inflation for us. The war in the Ukraine and continued supply chain constraints have further heightened those pressures. Our teams have become increasingly adept and navigating these challenges and we have implemented several strategies to manage cost pressures while delivering the incredible product expected by our guests. On the fuel side, we continue to optimize consumption and have partially hedged rate below market prices, which is mitigating the impact on our fuel costs. We have taken and continue to take numerous actions to reshape our cost structure with a focus on further improving our leading pre-pandemic margins. While these actions are intended to enhance our cost structure and margin profile, we do anticipate that inflationary pressures mainly attributable to fuel and food as well as transitory cost related to our health and safety protocols will weigh on our costs this year. I will now touch upon environmental stewardship, creating a more sustainable cruise industry as a journey and every day is an opportunity to innovate and improve. Back in 2016, we announced our partnership with the World Wildlife Fund to advance our sustainability performance. This partnership pushed us to set ambitious sustainability goals in three areas, greenhouse gas emissions, sustainable food supply, and destination stewardship. I am proud of the fantastic work to cheat by our teams since we first signed the agreement with the WWF. And I am pleased to announce that the Royal Caribbean Group has recently signed a new five-year agreement to take our advancements to the next level. I'm also pleased that in the first quarter we were named one of the world's most ethical companies by Ethisphere. This is the seventh consecutive year our company has been recognized, the only one in the leisure and recreational category. Furthermore, we also earned a 100% rating on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's Corporate Equality Index, which rates corporate policies and practices that relate to LGBTQ+ workplace equality. We are immensely proud of these recognitions and we reflect our deep commitment to our employees and our purpose and values. As we continue to focus on completing our return-to-service, we are charting our course for future growth. Combination of strong secular demand tailwinds, our leading brands, the best cruise ships in the world, our global platform and the very best people position us exceptionally well for long-term success. It is no secret that our innovative and industry leading ships are the foundation for creating a great vacation experience. Year-to-date we welcome two new ships to our fleet, Wonder of the Seas which is the new largest and most innovative Oasis class vessel joined Royal Caribbean International, and Celebrity Beyond the newest, the revolutionary edge class joined Celebrity Cruises just a few weeks ago. We have a long track record on delivering new and exciting experiences through new ships while achieving premium yield and profits. These ships along with others that are set to join the fleet in the next few years will drive differentiated vacation experiences and financial performance. We have more exciting new ships currently on order; construction is now underway on Royal Caribbean International's 6th Oasis class ship, which will be named Utopia of the Seas. This ship is expected to debut in the spring of 2024. We are excited that Utopia will be the first Oasis class ship powered by L&G when she launches. Finally, the building of Royal Caribbean International is highly anticipated Icon of the Seas has reached a pivotal milestone, a physical construction ahead of its fall 2023 debut. Icon will set sale next year with the latest innovations and with signature features that were re-imagined by our teams in bold new ways. Stay tuned for more on that. On the destination front, we continue to make progress on the expansion of Perfect Day at CocoCay​with the addition of Hideaway Beach. Hideaway Beach will make Perfect Day at CocoCay even more perfect with an entirely new experience expanding capacity to the island. On the technology front, the team has made tremendous strides modernizing our digital infrastructure and capabilities to enhance our commercial engines and the guest experience. Our business model is incredibly strong and we have a long track record of growing revenue, earnings and cash flow. The pandemic has taught us new ways to operate with agility, but our formula for success remains unchanged. We have the best brands each of their segments, the most innovative fleet in the industry, exclusive destination experiences like Perfect Day at CocoCay, a nimble and effective global sourcing footprint, a leading technology platform, and most of all the very best team both at sea and on land. Despite these challenges at the start of the year and the complex operating environment, we still expect 2022 will be a strong transitional year as we bring the rest of our fleet back up into operations, and approach historical occupancy levels and return to our profit in the back half of the year. This will set a strong foundation for our success in 2023 and beyond. With these tools at hand, I'm confident about the recovery trajectory and the future of the Royal Caribbean Group. Our people will always be our most important competitive advantage, and I'd like to thank all of them for everything they do each and every day to deliver on our mission. With that I will turn to call over to Naftali. Naf?
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin by discussing our results for the first quarter. This morning, we've reported an adjusted net loss of $1.2 billion or $4.57 per share for the quarter. During the first quarter, we started operations with two additional ships and as Jason mentioned we welcome Wonder of the Seas to the Royal Caribbean fleet. We operated 7.7 million APCDs and carried 800,000 guests. Both factors on our core itineraries in the first quarter was 59%. Earlier in the quarter our load factor was impacted by about 2% due to temporarily elevated cancellations associated with omicron. Trends however improved throughout the quarter and March sailings exceeded our initial expectations achieving an average load factor of 68%. We also had multiple sailings in March that operated at 100% load factors in the Caribbean. As Jason mentioned, we are seeing consumers take vacation decisions closer to the sailing date, which contributed to the outperformance in March. In Q1 we saw a 4% increase in total revenue per passenger cruise day compared to the first quarter of 2019. Onboard revenue continues to perform well for us. A combination of strong consumer spending and higher pre-cruise purchase penetration is contributing to this favorable trend. Cash flow from operating ships was positive in the first quarter. Operating cash flow significantly improved throughout the quarter and approached a positive inflection point in the month of March. Operating cash flow turned positive in April. We are pleased to have reached this important financial milestone, and we expect that EBITDA will also turn positive from June forward. Next I'd like to comment on capacity and load factor expectations over the upcoming period. We plan to restart operations on all remaining ships by the end of June. We plan to operate about 10.3 million APCDs during the second quarter and we expect load factors of approximately 75% to 80%. Our load factor expectations reflect the higher occupancy we see in the Caribbean and lower expectations for repositioning voyages and early season Europe sailings. We now offer cruises in the vast majority of our key destinations once again. Australia announced the resumption of cruising in April and our cruises are open for sale. While China remains close to cruising, we're maintaining dialogue with the local authorities regarding our return to service when China opens its borders. We have redeployed ships planned for China to other core markets. We remain optimistic about our ability to capture long-term growth opportunities in that market. Next I'll provide an update on the demand environment in our 2022 sailings. As Jason noted, we saw consistent improvement in bookings throughout the first quarter. In the past eight weeks, booking volumes have been meaningfully higher than 2019. In addition, the elevated near-term cancellations experienced early in Q1 that impacted bookings have now normalized to pre-omicron levels. While we are very pleased by the ramp-up in demand, it took a few weeks longer than expected leading to promotional activity on some itineraries. That being said, we remain focused on maintaining price integrity, while maximizing both load factor and overall revenue. Our shipboard revenue APDs are at record levels and are contributing to more overall revenue per guest than ever before. North American based itinerary have been trended particularly well with load factors building nicely. Regarding our European sailings we are now seeing improving trends with bookings outpacing 2019 levels. We did however lose some ground when the tragic situation in the Ukraine escalated, which is weighing on load factors for a higher yielding summer season in Europe. From a cumulative standpoint, our load factors on sailings in the second half of the year are booked slightly below historical levels with a greater mix of high yielding suite inventory booked versus inside and outside statements. Our booked APDs remain higher than 2019, both including and excluding FCCs, while still early 2023 is booked within historical ranges at record pricing. We expect sequential occupancy improvement each quarter with fleet wide load factors reaching triple digits by the end of the year. Our customer deposit balance as of March 31 was $3.6 billion, an improvement of about $400 million during the quarter. Approximately 27% of our customer deposit balance is related to future cruise credits which is an improvement from last quarter, to date 56% of FCCs have been redeemed. As Jason shared the main impact of the current inflationary environment is on our fuel and food costs. Regarding fuel we are 55% hedge for 2022 and 25% hedge for 2023 at below market rates. Our proactive hedging efforts help us mitigate the rate impact. We continue to actively manage our fuel consumption and our investments in technology and systems help us reduce our mission profile infuse costs. In addition, the eight new vessels to join our fleet in the last 18 months are 30% to 35% more fuel efficient than older capacity. Fuel is typically just over 10% of our cost basket. So while elevated prices certainly weigh on our cost we continue to manage consumption and proactively hedge the rate. Like other businesses we are seeing inflation across the food basket. Our operational and supply chain teams have been navigating these pressures through long-term partnerships and contracts within our diversified supplier base than allow us to opportunistically adjust sourcing strategies as needed. Do anticipate inflationary pressures and transitory costs related to our healthy return to service and continued safety protocols will weigh on this year's earnings. Shifting to our balance sheet. We under the quarter with $3.8 billion in liquidity. We have ample liquidity to allow us to continue our recovery trajectory. We're extremely focused on managing and improving the balance sheet. Our plan throughout 2022 is to continue with refinancing debt maturities and high coupon debt issued during the pandemic. In January, investors again demonstrated their support when we access the capital markets by issuing $1 billion of senior unsecured notes. Proceeds from the offering have been used to repay principle payments on debt maturing in 2022. February, we arranged for a $3.15 billion backstop facility to provide us flexibility in refinancing debt maturities in June, 2023. Lastly, turning to the outlook for 2022, we expect a net loss for the first half of the year and a profit for the second half. We also expect positive EBITDA starting in June. We continue to focus on bringing the fleet back to service, building our load factors and restoring profitability. When our business is fully operational, it generates attractive financial results and significant cash. We are pleased with the progress we're making towards the inflection points of profitability as we complete our return and build the future for the Royal Caribbean Group. With that I will ask our operator to open the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Your line is not open.
Steve Wieczynski: Yes. Hey, now guys. Good morning. So Jason, I want to ask about the cash flow inflection point that you reached in April, and I'm wondering if you think that positive operating cash level should be sustainable now moving forward? Or do you think April was an anomaly and you might go back into a negative position until the full fleet is deployed and basically to simplify this question, do you think outside of some crazy event or event operating cash flow from here should remain positive?
Jason Liberty: Well first good morning, Steve, I hope all is well. I think we should just really pause and take in that statement. I mean, it has been a effectively over two years since we can make a statement about being cash flow positive, and so it's great now to be in that position where we start to generate positive cash flow and positive EBITDA and then positive earnings as we get to the back half of the year. We very much think it is sustainable. Our load factors, our building in accordance with our expectations and there's been – there's been a lot of noise, you know, kind of generally in the system. There's always things that come up, but from what we can see in the day-to-day booking environment. We feel very good about the load factor build, the rate build that we're seeing. But I do think that this inflection point is a very important moment, not just for us but for the industry as we kind of get onto the other side of this.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And maybe to add Steve, good morning. So yes, so we share here that that this is obviously a great inflection point. And as you – as we go forward obviously there are things every quarter interest expense timing – other timings of expenses, but this is the inflection point that we've reached here and we expect it to continue.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. That is – that's a very solid positive there guys. Second question, bigger picture question obviously there's – there's a fear out there building around a possible slowdown in the economy in a possible recession. Given what you guys have gone through with COVID and the stress it's put on your balance sheet, I guess my question is, if we do encounter some type of economic slowdown, how do you guys envision being able to navigate in an environment like that given your current liquidity position, and maybe also remind us how you navigated through 2008, 2009?
Jason Liberty: So Steve, I think – I think first and as Naftali said in his comment, we are in a strong financial position. We're in a strong liquidity position. I first want to point out that the level of booking activity that we're seeing, the spend levels that we're seeing on the ship, we don't see anything to date that would show that there's some type of recession or recession fear weighing on the consumer. And I think a piece of that, as I said in my comments are the trillions of dollars of cash sitting in the savings accounts and the low leverage of the customers just in North America alone. But as we've seen in the past when there are recessionary periods, I think one of the things that's really important and it does pain me sometimes to say this, but we trade still at a significant value relative to land-based vacation. So when a consumer, let's just say they – they are feeling a level of pressure and they still need and want to go on vacations and build experiences and memories. And I think that that value differential, which we are every day doing all we can to close that gap is one in which the consumer recognizes, and that has tend to kind of farewell relative to other travel or consumer discretionary products during times like that.
Naftali Holtz: And just to add quickly, we are in a very strong liquidity position. We're obviously in this inflection point of free cash flow – of the operating cash flow and our focus is, as I said in my remarks is to continue to refinance the balance sheet. And that means both refinancing our maturities, obviously that that creates the runway as well as reducing the interest costs and the, and the leverage overall. So we have plan here to, in the next – in the next future to manage the balance sheet.
Steve Wieczynski: That's great color. Thanks guys. Really appreciate it.
Jason Liberty: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Your line is not open.
Robin Farley: Great, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about you mentioned that you lost a little bit of ground for some weeks there, even though European demand is above 2019 levels. Can you tell us how you're thinking about load factor? I mean, in normal times you're going to be 100% full, no matter what because of maximizing the variable revenue. Is this a period in Q3 with Europe where you might say given the ramp-up let's stay below 100%. In other words, I guess if you could help us think about that trade-off between giving up the onboard revenue and, but maybe potentially impacting the price of other things already booked for Europe?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think there's a few things – I think just a comment on the Europe side. So first I would say, it is our expectation in Europe for our load factors to be lower. Some of it is very much related to price integrity, but some of it's also that relates to the testing requirement to come back into the U.S. for Americans and that – those the combination of those things weighs on the consumer in terms of their travel expectations. And so as we said on our remarks, our expectation is we're going to be building up through the back half of this year to that that triple digit mark. And so our expectations is we will have lower load factors in Q3 relative to 100%.
Michael Bayley: But Robin its Michael. I just have to jump in and say that we have ships now sailing at 100% and we've had ship sail at 100% now for several weeks out of the Caribbean into the Caribbean market and [indiscernible] product. And as we head towards Memorial Day weekends, we are going to see significant percentage of our ship sailing at 100% and greater. So the Europe's one thing but what we've seen in terms of demand in the American market for the drive to products, which I think we have around 70% of our products drive to this year has been really strong. And certainly over the past several weeks we've been delighted with the volume of bookings that we've been seeing coming in for these products it's been really good.
Naftali Holtz: And when we make the comments around the load factor obviously that total low factors are with a whole fleet, right? So that reflects the combination of the transit that Jason and Michael just shared.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Now that's very helpful color. Thank you. And maybe just a last follow up given that you're back to profitability and sort of reasonable – reasonable visibility with that. Is there a point when you might restart giving guidance in the next quarter or two or is that something that we shouldn't necessarily expect this year?
Jason Liberty: Well Robin I'll tell – we had a meeting a few days ago with our senior leadership team and I think my comment to them was we have now moved from scenarios to now a forecast and because we can see that visibility not predictability, and that's a big statement for us, and I'm sure others as I think Michael always remind us, but I think we're like on our 300th scenario since the start of the pandemic. So I think we're getting closer to that and our visibility within the quarter is much greater. And we do appreciate that – having that visibility and predictability is important to the investment community. So I would say that we're getting close to it, and so I would wait to see what happens on the next quarter call.
Robin Farley: Okay. That sounds great. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Next question is from Ben Chaiken with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Ben Chaiken: Hey, how's it going? Onboard spend continues to be particularly strong. Is this driven by a smaller number of core guests? Or is it a more kind of like widespread structural uptick in spend that you see even as load factors build on ships that are getting back to normal occupancy or close to it?
Michael Bayley: Yes. Hi Ben, this is Michael. I think this is a – what looks like, it could be a structural change. I mean, we've now got as I said earlier and many ships sailing at 100% and our big Oasis class ships have been sailing in the 80s and our onboard spend continues to perform at the same levels, so it's been really – it's been wonderful. I think a couple of things; one is the [indiscernible] and the investment that we made in the software for pre-cruise revenue, which continued through the pandemic. And we've really leveraged that now and we've seen a significant increase in penetration and uptick with the pre-cruise sales. And of course we've always said that a one-pre-cruise dollar gives us another $0.50 on-board spend. So we really believe we're seeing that coming through now. So it continues and I think one of the things that we've been focused on in terms of the volume is that relationship between ticket and on-board spend. And if you even look at our first quarter net revenue APD, it was higher than back in 2019, and we see that continuing quarter-by-quarter through this year.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And just to add to Michael's point, we also see the strength in on-board across all categories. So it's not just one category that you can draw the conclusion. It's everything like Jason said from spot to retail, shore excursions, casino, food and beverage. So it seems like the consumer is really willing to spend a great experiences and we've made all these investment that Michael mention to make sure that we capture that spend as much as we can as they're enjoying our cruises.
Ben Chaiken: And is the pre-cruise; is that like at the time of ticket purchase you're kind of offering incremental onboard? Or is it like following up with the consumer or the customer from time of ticket purchase up until crew? Like, can you just give a little color on how that works exactly?
Michael Bayley: Yes. I mean, it follows ticket purchase. As soon as we have a commitment from a customer that they're going to sell with us, then we have a whole cadence of communication to the customer, and we use all of this software development and the improvement we've had over the years with our analytics to provide them with options and offers and promotions, et cetera for onboard products. And we literally have that communication cadence in place until they sail with us. And by the way when they're sailing with us, we continue that communication cadence as well, giving them offers and what have you. So it's really – it's kind of the evolution of the sophistication of our communications and in terms of the pre-cruise software.
Jason Liberty: Yes. But I think just to jump in, I mean, we are in the early innings of this pre-cruise system. Having the commerce engine in place, having the capabilities that Michael just talked about to be able to curate the experiences or services that we can be offering to that guest through their journey from when they book a cruise all the way through the time when they're sailing with us. And being proactive about opportunities that might arise even during the voyage and being able to put that or position that in front of the customer based off of things that they may have already had planned or things that they may have done in the past, et cetera. That is kind of getting to that one-to-one spot of engagement is really kind of what we see as the North Star here. And that's kind of what these systems and the AI and analytics and the use of data effectively is all about.
Ben Chaiken: Got it. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Pulitzer with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Dan Pulitzer: Hey guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So the first, I wanted to hit on, it's been obviously we've seen a lot of commentary in terms of robust travel and leisure spend and demand. You guys have certainly seen that as well. How would you break that out between the new to cruise customers? And are you seeing that kind of come in through longer term bookings or short end bookings?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Hi Dan. Yes we're seeing it come through all of our customer segments. So we know, I think we commented maybe on the last call that the new to cruise was a little slower to return. And when we first started back in service, we did rely heavily on our loyalty customers, but that's really shifted now. And we've kind of moving back into a far more normal environment where we see our new to cruise returning. I mean, it helps with the fact that we've got great products that really do attract new to cruise. We've got perfect day. I think even in this year in 2022 we'll take over 2 million guests to perfect day this year alone. So the right products, the right mix of experiences that we're seeing on new to cruise customers come back to us. So, and then how they're spending is very similar. I mean, things shift and change around based upon age demographics, and what have you, but the kind of the product offerings that we have, that we provided to our customers and using the software and analytics seems to be really resonating.
Dan Pulitzer: And then I think you guys called out particular strength in North America and that customer base and maybe Europe a little bit softer. To what extent, if any, could you maybe bifurcate that that softness is it a reflection of kind of what's going on, on the geopolitical front in Europe or is that more relate to a slowing of the consumer, any color there?
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think in terms of what we see, because we've seen this return in demand from Europe for our different deployments, especially within Europe. It's definitely the Ukraine that I think it really kind of weighs especially within Central and Northern Europe. Sailings are inside the Baltic’s in the [indiscernible] is certainly I think of great interest. I mean, they are booking – they are now booking at levels that are above 2019 levels, but it is softer than what we had originally expected it would be. I think fortunately you see the North American consumer accelerating and very much focusing on North American products, but also very much willing to go to Europe. My comment was, I think on the psyche side, testing to get back into the U.S. which I know the cruise industry, the airline industries and other industries are trying to influence for that change is I think that that kind of last psychological point that weighs on the consumer to kind of travel freely globally.
Michael Bayley: And Dan, just to add to Jason's comment on the testing to return to United States, I mean, as we know many European countries now is stopping that requirement. So they kind of freeing up the ability for the Europeans to travel around and I think we're all hopeful that that's going to change very soon in returning to the United States.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And just to add a quick – we, as I think we mentioned we do see an improvement in the European bookings, but also both from volumes from the – from North American, but also from some of the closer within the European sourcing markets. So we're definitely seeing the improvement there.
Dan Pulitzer: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Sundby with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Ryan Sundby: Yes. Hey guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Somewhat similar to Ben's question around guest spending, I just wanted to follow up on the record to guest satisfaction scores. So have start to ramp up itinerate and load factors. Do you think you'll be able to maintain that or is there something structural there? And then as my follow up, if you do see [indiscernible] hold up, in the past when you've seen a jump in satisfaction for one reason or another, have you seen that translate into a material impact in terms of repeat selling or [indiscernible] referral?
Michael Bayley: Well Ryan its Michael. I think happy customers is a beautiful thing to have and I think that's – that formula's never changed when people really have an amazing time. They go back word-of-mouth, they tell their friends and families, they want to come back and repeat. And we know we've done obviously work on net promoter score and repeat cruises. And the correlation is relatively high. There is a relationship between net promoter score and loyalty guests. So it's a winning formula. And I think that's always been one of the great things about cruise is the value proposition connected to satisfaction has always been remarkably high. So we think it's a great thing and we're always striving to deliver the highest level vacation that we possibly can. I think it's fair to say that in the beginning, the euphoria of excitement from primarily our loyalty guests was so incredibly high and the crew were so incredibly happy to be back that that for many months there was just this euphoria on our ships. And I think that comes through on the net promoter score. Certainly we see those net promoter scores staying at a really high level. They've started to come down a little bit as we see the volume increasing if the load factors get to a 100% and beyond, then you start seeing a more normalization of those net promoter scores. But I think there's just a, I would say, there is a happiness, not only with our customers, but with our crew members. And that happiness, coming out of the pandemic, going on vacation, going on vacation with Royal Caribbean, reconnecting to all of those experiences that people have missed for two years, I think, that has somewhat translated into people just saying I'm having a fantastic time. So, I think I would be naive to believe that these extremely high MPS scores will stay with us in the long run. But I think there has been a fundamental transformation in terms of how guests and customers are interacting with the experience. And it's a very positive thing for our business. And just add to it when you look at it by segment, right. So you look at you even the ultra-luxury side with Silversea and you see the luxury side on the Celebrity side, it's really across all segments. You're seeing this euphoria that Michael referred to. So, it's as Michael said, I don't think we're naive to think it's going to stay at this levels, but I think we're also surprised as the mix has changed from the very loyal to now more first to cruise coming in, those levels have continued to be exceptionally high.
Ryan Sundby: Got it. Maybe I could just squeeze one more in there. Naftali It sounds like you point a bunch of different levels there to navigate the current fuel and food inflationary environment. Can you guys talk about if you started to consider price there as a lever to help off those, these pressures? And how accommodating do you think the guests would be given that we still someone in a restart mode here?
Naftali Holtz: Sure. So, as you can imagine inflation or not, we're trying to maximize price every day. That's revenue management team's job, and that's what we do here. So we do it every day. And as you can see, the volumes are obviously picking up you see the pricing that we command for our product. So, we try to do that couple from the pressures maybe that we're seeing on the expenses side.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think the other thing just to add, what we do see over time, whether it's with inflation or other related activities in the macro environment is as the consumer recalibrates its willingness to pay more for things and they see comparables and they're paying more, but there' this gravitational pull to those locations. So we do, as Naftali said, we try to ma maximize revenue each and every day whether it’s ticket or onboard. At the same time, what we do see is as the consumer begins to gravitate towards higher pricing, as they get calibrated to what they're paying for a hotel room, or they are paying for other services and restaurants and so forth.
Ryan Sundby: Makes sense. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Vince Ciepiel: Thanks. You alluded to kind of that value of cruising versus other land-based and the goal to close the gap over time. You look here recently, Marriott said March bookings, ADR were running 12 ahead. Booking sought ADR run 20% ahead in April, Airbnbs 2Q outlook calls for ADR to run like 30% ahead. So I'm curious, kind of what you're seeing in your leading edge bookings on pricing for all future period. Has that been accelerating through the course of the last three to four months? And as that continues to layer in, is your book position for the second half and for 2023, the embedded pricing there moving higher over the last call it 60 days?
Jason Liberty: Yes, I think that's well – so guys, I mean that's exactly what we're seeing. I do think that in the backdrop of this the entire industry is coming back online at the same time. And so there's a lot of ships coming online, which I think, causes a little bit of noise in the system overall. But I think we look at two things. One, we're looking real time at what people are paying. And as you noted, we're seeing those similar trends. So still at a discount to what the hotels and other operators are getting. And by operators, I mean, non-crews. And then we also look at what's happening on board. And I think you have to look at those two things in combination, because that's how the consumer looks at their travel experience in combination, it's not just a hotel room, it's not just an airplane seat, this is a kind of total vacation package, that's kind their consideration. And what we've talked about as it relates to onboard spend combined with the ticket, certainly kind of all connects to that storyline.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And then as we mentioned, obviously, as we look ahead in our book position, both for the second half and 2023, we are higher without even the impact of the FCCs compared to 2019.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. And then another on costs. I'm not sure if you've mentioned this or not, but obviously, through COVID you become more efficient newer ships, some cost changes made even on the land side. How are you thinking about longer term kind of non-fuel unit costs? Do you think they can get back to those 2019 levels just with everything going on right now with inflation, and wages, and labor food? How are you thinking about the longer term in cost opportunity?
Naftali Holtz: Yes, so you noted well that we had great margins before the pandemic, we had these leading margins. And our goal is to get back and beyond of those margins as soon as possible. You mentioned some of the factors we've done a lot throughout the pandemic and this is what we're working towards as soon as possible. So yes, there are some kind of inflationary pressures, we call it around food and fuel that we pointed out. We're seeing some stabilization. But all the things that that we've done, this is definitely our goal.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thanks. I just want to follow-up on your answer there to Vince's comments on price and onboard. I guess I would note that the hotel and others are also seeing very strong food and beverage, which I would think is kind of compliable to the onboard. And those are often running also double digits up versus 2019. So make sure I heard you correctly. I think you said that there is a magnitude of both of these combined you feel like it’s effectively comparable to those peers, or is the higher capacity growth across the industry driving that perhaps a little bit lower, but the overall dollars are kind of ending up in the same place.
Jason Liberty: Yes, my point was that directionally, it's exactly what we're seeing. My comment was in the short run you have a lot of ships coming online and there is different category mixes that are in play that can cause some noise, as you guys are doing price checks and so forth. But what we're seeing in recent bookings, what we're seeing, obviously what our guests spend directionally is very much in line with what we're hearing from other travel providers.
Stephen Grambling: Got it. That's helpful. And then this may be a difficult thing to assess, but given this the first time the entire fleet has really been shut down and restarted, is there any risk or any thoughts that we need to consider around kind of deferred maintenance CapEx, or other onboard maintenance type costs that that may need to be incurred as the full ship fleet gets up and running over the next couple of years here? Thank you.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. Thanks Steven. So we hope that that this will be the only time that we will see that we have shut down the fleet that's for sure. And what we've done throughout and I think we spoke about it in past quarters is even through the pandemic and even through the shutdown, the way we laid up the ships, the way we continue to maintain them was one of our key goals. So we still maintain them, the layup was such that it will help us to get the ships back quicker and without many issues. And I think we're very pleased as we bringing the full fleet. We're not seeing something that is out of the ordinary. And that's kind of how we think about it. And we do not expect it to weigh on maintenance costs in the next couple years.
Stephen Grambling: Helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Fred Wightman with Wolfe Research. Your line is not open.
Fred Wightman: Hey guys, good morning. Just another one on that gap versus what you're seeing versus land-based peers. I mean, Jason, you made a comment as far as just looking to reset that. Do you feel like the current environment is a situation to where you could look to close that gap, pretty materially versus land-based peers? Do you think that you want to maintain a bigger gap just to try to get back some of that market share that you guys might have seeded over the past year or two? How are you sort of thinking about that at a high level?
Jason Liberty: Yes, well, I think we had said earlier, like we're always trying to maximize our revenue. And price integrity is very much kind of important part of that. So, I don't think that we're doing anything to try to make – to kind of certainly maintain a gap. Pre-COVID the combination of things like Perfect Day, you could add things like the edge class ships and so forth, we saw a pretty significant reduction in that gap to land-based vacations, especially in key products, like in Orlando and other products that are out there. And I think that we very much are focused on that. We have really managed to enhance the experience both on the ship and on land, based off of really tuning into the customer for us to be able to go ahead and do that. So, I think that's why, we are seeing similar trends. But when you look at the overall fleet as a whole, and you compare those to a land-based vacation in Europe, where you look at that a land-based vacation in Alaska or Vegas, et cetera, there's still that gap and there's still that opportunity that we're very honed in on. I mean, that's really where if you saw us pre-COVID or during COVID where we have focused, our energy is less about our cruise peers, but more about how do we close those gaps to land-based vacations.
Fred Wightman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Golding with Macquarie Capital. Your line is now open.
Paul Golding: Great. Thanks so much. Just wanted to ask about China. I know in the prepared remarks you commented that you're poised to reenter that market. But just wanted to ask if there was anything longer term or structural that may be shifting in terms of future plans for itinerary deployment based on the volatility we've seen in Asia in terms of reopening. And what expectations you have in terms of a normalized period once you can redeploy ships there? And then I have a follow-up on labor. Thanks
Michael Bayley: Hi Paul, this is Michael. I think we've stated previously our strategic intent is to return to the China market. We've been in the market for over a decade. We've had some phenomenal years in the China market, and we've had a very successful operation there. The volatilities existed in all markets for the past two years, including China. I think it's regretful that the China market is still not accessible to us. And I think our current thinking was that 2023, we would be back in the China market. I'm not sure whether that'll come true or not it could be 2024, but we're ready to go. And we're looking forward to returning to the market. I think when you look at the region of Asia-Pacific, it's always been a meaningful market for Royal Caribbean Group. And our intention is to return to that market and to leverage the opportunities that we have. We've spent time building our brand in China. In our space, we're a very well-known brand, we're very liked, and we have very good consumer following with the Royal Caribbean International brand. And we think that when the market opens back up, we'll be able to re access the market and get back to business. And that's exactly what we're thinking
Paul Golding: Well then on the labor side, some of your land-based entertainment peers have cited waning wage increases this year as they tap international labor. I was wondering for sure, side operations, if you are seeing a similar picture what your thoughts are around rate increases on shore side labor for this year. Thanks so much.
Jason Liberty: Well, on a shore side standpoint, I think, we're experiencing – I mean, most of our shore side employees are sales and marketing, your accounting and supply chain, et cetera. So, what we're experiencing there is similar to what, I think, most organizations are experiencing though. I think because we wake up every day delivering the best vacations in the world, we tend to be more attractive than others in terms of attracting talent. So we're very fortunate for that. I think what people are experiencing in hotels and others in terms of that labor force we're certainly getting 75,000 employees back up and running on our ships with a tremendous and Herculean effort by our teams. For the most part that's been able to be managed well and you can see that really through the NIM promoter scores that we're seeing on our ships.
Paul Golding: Great. Thanks, Jason.
Jason Liberty: We have time for one more question, Abby Gail.
Operator: Sure. Our last question is from Ivan Feinseth with Tigress Financial, your line is not open.
Ivan Feinseth: All right. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the ongoing progress.
Jason Liberty: Thanks.
Ivan Feinseth: Can you go into a little more detail about your pre cruising planning app? And what kind of things it connect to? And what are some of the things that you can do with it? And how you're seeing that add incremental revenue specifically outside of just onboard spending?
Michael Bayley: Well, Ivan this is Michael. I mean the pre-cruise revenue is fundamentally about onboard spend. I mean, everything that we're marketing is about the products and services that customers, consumers are purchasing, historically when they boarded our ships, they would purchase different packages and products. Now we've over time developed the sophistication and the ability to not only use the analytics and the information that we know about the customer to offer them products, and experiences and services that we think they're going to like. And we've also been able to over time through testing, bundle these promotional products together to not only maximize revenue, but also ensure that we're delivering a great vacation experience to the guests. So, in some cases we've got customers who prefer gaming and dining, in other cases, we've got families who prefer shore excursions, and we now have the ability to tailor our communications and our promotions to those customers based upon what we think their key preferences are. And the fact that we can start that cadence of communication after the ticket purchase gives us the time to really engage with the customers. So we can start a dialogue about the kind of products and services that they want. And I think over time as we've built this knowledge and expertise we've become – and to Jason's point, it really is the beginning of this journey. But I think what we've learned in this journey is how we can offer products, bundle, manage the right pricing to different customer groups and segments and be successful with it. So we continue to see the penetration rate increasing, and obviously the purchase is quite significant. So, that's kind of the journey that we're on with this.
Jason Liberty: And Ivan just diving to put this into context, as everyone here, who has heard us for years talk about project X caliber, which was our journey to take friction out of the guest experience. And that has come through engagement and providing tools, and technologies and app that allows you to whether it's booking your cruise, whether it is being able to just walk on and off of our ships in very short periods of time on-demand services. So it's really kind of just continuing to bake out this journey of taking friction out. And what we know is that we can take friction out of the experience and friction is also booking short excursions and spa appointments, et cetera, that, the guests is very much willing to spend when they're aware of what the offering is to them. The tools and technologies also allow us to be able to yield manage in real time as well, which allows us to take advantage when there are those opportunities.
Michael Bayley: And just to add Ivan, I think, one of the other beautiful things of this is to Jason's point with the development of the app the integration between the pre crews and the app is very harmonious. So when we're communicating with you before you sell and you purchase various packages and products, then when you board the ship and you sign into the app, all of those products and services are made available to you on a calendar there's reminders, there's communication to you. So it's a very seamless process.
Ivan Feinseth: Very good. And now also can, you let's say proactively market both before and/or use it to proactively market both before and onboard, let's say if there was downtime in the spa, you could connect…
Jason Liberty: Yes. Yes, exactly right on. Yes.
Ivan Feinseth: Right. Sounds great. Appreciated. Thanks. Thanks again,
Jason Liberty: Thanks Ivan. 
Naftali Holtz: Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Well, thank you for assisting Abby Gail with the call today. And we thank all of you for participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-up you might have. I wish you all a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Royal Caribbean Group's Business Update and Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael McCarthy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McCarthy, the floor is yours.
Michael McCarthy: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our business update and fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Jason Liberty, our Chief Executive Officer; Naftali Holtz, our Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International. Before we get started, I'd like to note that we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our earnings release issued this morning as well as our filings with the SEC for a description of these factors. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as circumstances change. Also, we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP items can be found on our website and in our earnings release available at www.rclinvestor.com. Jason will begin strategic overview and update on the business. Naftali will follow up with a recap of our fourth quarter and full year results, an update on our latest actions and on the current booking environment. We will then open the call for your questions.  With that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be with all of you today in my new role here at Royal Caribbean Group. I'm very fortunate and humbled to take the helm of this incredible organization, which includes our industry-leading brands and the most innovative fleet in the world that is enabled by our incredible people and culture. I'm very much looking forward to building on the company's remarkable legacy and track record in the years ahead. I also want to congratulate and welcome Naftali as our new CFO. Many of you already know Naf, but for those who don't, I'm confident you'll enjoy working with him. Our mission at Royal Caribbean has been and continues to be focused simply and completely on delivering, every day, the very best vacation experience and doing so in a responsible way. It is awe-inspiring to see our team deliver on our mission each and every day. While 2021 was another challenging year for our company and the industry, it also marked our healthy return to sailing. In just a few short months and thanks to the incredible preparedness of our operating team and crew throughout the last 1.5 years, we have brought back more than 85% of our capacity into service and delivered extraordinary vacations and memories to approximately 1.3 million guests. I want to thank the hard-working people of the Royal Caribbean Group, both our crew and our shoreside employees, for their incredible efforts to bring back our fleet in such a short window and such a successful way. I am so proud and grateful for their efforts. I also want to thank our guests, travel partners, destination partners, suppliers, investors and financial partners for their steadfast support. As we navigate through this black swan event, we have focused intently on a successful healthy return to service, as you would expect. At the same time, we have been charting our course to get back to pre-COVID performance levels and beyond soonest. The combination of very strong secular and demographic trends, our leading brands, the most innovative and a growing fleet, our global sourcing footprint, a leading technology platform and the reshaping of our cost structure positions us exceptionally well to accelerate. Let me focus a moment on our healthy return to service. Since we resumed operations, our goal has been to making cruising one of the safest vacations anywhere in the world while providing an exceptional guest experience. We continue to demonstrate that in a very tangible way. As you heard me say, we have carried approximately 1.3 million guests since the restart, with about 2,500 guests testing positive for COVID-19, a positivity rate of 0.19%. This positivity rate is still a small fraction of what it is in society at large, and nearly all cases onboard were asymptomatic or had mild symptoms. Our rigorous health and safety protocols with 100% vaccination rate among our crew and close to 100% vaccination rate among our guests provide a safe environment where we can fulfill our mission of delivering amazing vacations. And our guests are responding by providing record Net Promoter Scores for us, exceeding their expectations.  A few weeks ago, the prescriptive CDC conditional sale order expired, demonstrating the agency's confidence in the overall effectiveness of the health and safety protocols of the cruise industry. Our own protocols continue to go above and beyond anything the framework provided and what consumers will find in any hospitality setting. We continue to engage with the CDC and other public health agencies as we look to adjust our COVID-19 risk mitigation measures in response to the changing nature of the virus. Our healthy return to service plans anticipated twists and turns on our recovery path. We remain nimble in our approach adjusting to changes in the operating environment with a constant focus on our long-term strategy and success. As everyone is aware, the Omicron variant has impacted most parts of society as well as our operations.  Since mid-December, we experienced an increase in the number of people testing positive for COVID onboard our ships. The good news is, is that in the last several weeks, cases on board our ships have been declining rapidly, and we now have returned to exceptionally low pre-Omicron levels. In fact, over the last 7 days, we have averaged only a handful of positive guest cases per cruise. With the declining cases, operational challenges are also abating, so while the variant is not done, it appears that the worst is behind us. The timing of Omicron was particularly painful as a typical wave booking period begins in early January. So we do expect it will weigh on our performance in Q1 and, to a lesser extent, in early Q2.  With the peak in Omicron now seemingly behind us, we have seen meaningful and sequential improvement in the booking activity week-over-week since the beginning of the year. In fact, in the last week of January, bookings returned to pre-Omicron levels, and we expect demand recovery to accelerate as the variant subsides. With that in mind, we have extended our sales and marketing activities for a delayed and extended wave. While Omicron created some short-term challenges and will likely delay our return to profitability by a few months, our recovery trajectory remains intact. We remain confident that we will have a strong spring and summer season with great demand for cruising, both domestically and internationally. The robust secular trends of experiences over things that has propelled our business in the past few years is now recovering towards pre-COVID levels.  We have also seen a change in the mindset of consumers coming out of the pandemic with the desire to travel and reengage with the world being stronger than ever. In fact, the U.S. traveler organization research confirms that leisure travel will continue to increase at higher levels than business travel. All of this, coupled with consumer resilience and easing travel restrictions, provides tailwinds for our recovery. After a storied 2020 and 2021, we are eager to move forward in this new year. As people are keen on taking a vacation, we are ready to make their vacation dreams come true in a healthy and safe environment. We expect 2022 will be a strong transitional year as we bring the rest of our fleet into operations and approach historical occupancy levels. We expect a net loss for the first half of 2022 due to the impact of Omicron and a return to profitability in the second half of the year. During 2022, we look forward to welcoming 2 additional new ships, Wonder of the Seas for Royal Caribbean International and Celebrity Beyond for Celebrity Cruises. These exciting new ships will deliver amazing vacations to our guests and join 6 other new vessels that have entered our fleet since 2020. This is a key pillar to support our recovery. New hardware is an important driver of quality demand, extraordinary customer experience and exceptional financial performance. And just as important, it improves our sustainability as these are innovative ships that are much more energy efficient. We remain focused on continuing to innovate our product and maintain our strong competitive advantage, setting the foundation for a strong recovery and long-term profitable growth. During the pandemic, we have had a relentless focus on reshaping our cost structure and rigorous capital allocation framework. We expect that the combination of new ships, growing yields and higher profitability will propel our financial performance and support our focus to return to pre-COVID financial metrics and beyond soonest. Corporate stewardship remains another key priority as we continue to progress across environmental, social and governance-focused areas. Climate change and reducing our emissions have been central to our environmental stewardship activities for decades. Last quarter, we announced our comprehensive decarbonization strategy and goals. We realized that the transition to net zero will not be easy, and to achieve our ambitions, we will rely on our culture of innovation as well as strong partnerships with governments, suppliers and shipyards to develop alternative and accessible fuels and technologies. Additionally, in the past few months, we were named an employer of choice by Forbes and Glassdoor. And last week, we earned a 100% score on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation Corporate Equality Index, which rates corporate policies and practices that relate to LGBTQ+ workplace equality. These are recognitions we're proud of and they reflect our commitment to our employees. All of this tells you that our business model is incredibly strong, and we have a track record of growing revenue, earnings and cash flow. Our formula for success is unchanged: recover and grow yields, enhance our margins, profitability and ROIC.  To that, we added returning our balance sheet to pre-COVID levels. We have the best brands in each of our segments, the most innovative fleet in the industry, exclusive destination experiences like Perfect Day at CocoCay, a nimble and effective global sourcing footprint, a leading technology platform and most of all, the very best team, both at sea and on land. With that winning formula, I am confident about the recovery, and I'm very excited about the future of Royal Caribbean Group.  And with that, I will turn it over to Naftali. Naf?
Naftali Holtz: Thank you, Jason. Before I begin my remarks, I would like to share how energized I am to take on this Chief Financial Officer role. I will focus my energy on continuing the accelerated recovery and returning our performance metrics to pre-COVID levels as soon as possible while positioning the company for long-term success. I will now turn to discuss our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2021. This morning, we reported an adjusted net loss of $1.2 billion for the fourth quarter and $4.8 billion for the full year. It is important to note that Q4 results were better than our internal expectations, mainly due to continued strong onboard revenue performance and better cost management. The financial results for 2021 reflect the impact from the suspension of sailing in the first half of the year and the tremendous effort to resume cruise operations and accelerate the flywheel in the second half. In the fourth quarter, we continued our return, bringing 12 more ships back into operations, building the load factors and restarting our sales and marketing efforts, all to position the company for a successful 2022. Load factors for the quarter were 65% on core itineraries with month-over-month improvements. We are incredibly pleased with the progress we have made in the fourth quarter. Our total load factors grew from 36% in Q3 to close to 60% in Q4. In addition, the continued strong onboard revenue contributed to a 10% increase in total gross revenue per passenger cruise day compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Cash flow from our operating ships turned positive in the fourth quarter. Now I would like to discuss capacity and load factor expectations over the coming period. The Omicron variant caused short-term disruptions to the travel industry as well as our operations. As Jason just mentioned, our focus since we restarted operations has been to ensure the health and safety of our guests and crew, matching or exceeding guest vacation experience expectations and bringing the fleet up in a financially prudent way.  With that in mind, we made the decision to cancel several sailings in the first quarter. We plan to operate about 7.7 million APCDs in Q1 or approximately 95% of our planned capacity. We expect that operating ships in the first quarter will be cash flow positive. Our capacity will further increase at the end of the quarter, following the delivery of the incredible Wonder of the Seas. Wonder will be introduced to the U. S. market in March before heading to the Mediterranean for the summer season.  Due to the impact from Omicron on near-term bookings and cancellations, we expect load factors of approximately 60% on core itineraries in Q1 with month-over-month improvement within the quarter. We also expect to bring the rest of our fleet back to service in time for the lucrative summer season. We expect our load factors to continue to steadily increase month-over-month and approach historical levels in the third quarter. While we offer cruises in the vast majority of our key destinations, we continue to closely monitor both China and Australia. We anticipate Australia to open for cruising for its summer season, our winter time. With respect to China, it remains closed for cruising, and we have redeployed the remaining 2 ships planned in 2022 to other key markets. We remain optimistic that we can capture long-term growth opportunities in the China market.  Shifting to our balance sheet. We ended the year with $3.5 billion in liquidity, excluding the $1 billion issuance we completed in early January. We have ample liquidity to allow us to continue our recovery trajectory. During 2021, we focused on managing and improving our balance sheet. We reestablished access to the unsecured debt markets and successfully refinanced $2.3 billion of secured or guaranteed high coupon debt. Our plan is to continue with these balance sheet improvement efforts throughout 2022. In early January, we issued $1 billion at 5 3/8% coupon, and we plan to use the proceeds to refinance near-term debt. In addition, we have taken and continue to take numerous actions to reshape our cost structure with a focus on further improving our leading pre-COVID margins. While these actions will improve our cost structure and margin profile, we do anticipate that inflationary pressures and some transitory costs related to our healthy return to service will weigh on this year's earnings. Now I'll provide an update on the demand environment and our 2022 sailings. For the last several quarters, we have seen new bookings improve from 1 quarter to the next. Bookings in the fourth quarter continued this positive trajectory, culminating in our biggest-ever Black Friday and Cyber Weekend from the U.S. Bookings in the fourth quarter were up more than 75% compared to the third quarter. As we restarted our brand marketing programs in Q4, we generated strong demand to support the book of business for '22 and '23. As the Omicron variant began spreading in December, we experienced slower booking activity and higher near-term cancellations over the holiday period as many guests were testing positive before their cruise. But from the beginning of the year, we have seen meaningful week-over-week improvement in booking activity for both the first and the second half of '22. Second half booking activity has been recovering at a faster pace. In addition to that, we have seen a rapid improvement in cancellations over the same period. Similar to our experience with the Delta variant, as Omicron cases are beginning to decline, booking activity has begun to pick up. In fact in the last week of January, bookings have returned to pre-Omicron levels. The U.K., which is further ahead on the Omicron curve, has been on that improvement trajectory for several weeks. From a cumulative booking standpoint, our book load factors for sailings in the second half of this year remain within historical ranges at higher prices, both with and without the impact of FCCs. Load factors in the first half are below historical ranges as expected but are aligned with our anticipated load factors. Our customer deposit balance as of December 31 was $3.2 billion, an improvement of about $400 million over the past quarter despite the quarter-over-quarter increase in cancellations related to Omicron and significant revenue recognition, both of which reduced the customer deposit balance.  Our customer deposit balance is only 5% lower than it was at the end of December 2019, with the entire difference driven by the first quarter sailings where we have less capacity. Our customer deposit balance related to bookings for Q2 forward sailings is higher than at the same time in 2019. Approximately 32% of our customer deposit balance is related to future cruise credits. Of the FCCs, approximately 50% have been redeemed thus far. Lastly, turning to the outlook for 2022. Given the progress we have made ramping up operations and everything I said about the booking environment, the costs and the impact of the Omicron variant, we still expect to reach positive EBITDA and operating cash flow in late spring. We expect a net loss for the first half of 2022 and a profit for the second half of the year.  With that, I will ask our operator to open the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: I wanted to ask about your booking comments. I think it was obviously understood and expected that new wave season volumes are lower than historic. But I think it's still positive to see that your historic load in the second half is still above. I think there had been some concern that maybe the historic load would have fallen below, given how slowly the first month of wave is. I guess I wonder if you could give us a little bit of quantification on -- do you expect, even with the sort of maybe later start to wave because of the Omicron disruption, do you still expect load factors in the second half if we move at the rate we're going through the next month to still be ahead of historic -- or within historic ranges?
Jason Liberty: Robin, I'll start off and, of course, good to talk to you. I think the first point I would make is while we -- while Omicron certainly was impacting our bookings and impacting our cancellation, it really was focused on the first quarter and a little bit of the second quarter. We didn't really see too much of an impact in terms of demand as related for, call it, June on in the year. And I think that you just talked to the consumer psyche and just concerned around Omicron in itself and the timing of all of that. So I think we remain confident in -- based on the booking activities that we've seen, the back half of the year is going to look like what we had expected it to, and that includes on our expectations on a load factor standpoint.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. And I do have a follow-up, but I should have said congrats, by the way, to you, Naftali, both in your new roles. I should have started with that. Sorry. And then just for the follow-up, it's about FCCs. And I also just wanted -- I didn't know if you had said 50% was redeemed or 15%. I just wanted to clarify. But the real question was there.  On FCCs, it seems like a fair amount, -- because I know people think about what that represents as a kind of a percent discount to booked price. But is it fair to say that a lot of your FCCs at this point are not the bonus FCCs that represent a discount but that are just dollar amounts that somebody rescheduled their cruise or canceled it and moved to a later date? And so in other words, what you talk about as being FCC does not automatically mean that, that represents a discounted FCC? If you could kind of quantify that?
Jason Liberty: Yes, I think that's right. I think that most of the FCC application arw what we call our Lift & Shift program, and then the balance of that would be the FCCs in which they have the 25% value to them. And I think that, that program in general, has been working relatively well. And for the most part, our guests, they want to go on their vacations. They want to typically go around the same time that they were planning on going, and they're just lifting and they're shifting that to periods of time that -- in the same zone of when they were planning on vacationing before, just a year later or a quarter later, et cetera.
Naftali Holtz: And Robin, it's Naftali. Just to answer your question, it is 5-0, 50%. And we're very pleased with that, and we've seen progress in the last quarter, both redemption as well as just new bookings.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: So I'm going to start with a quasi-guidance question. I'm not sure you'll answer it or not, but I understand you're not giving guidance for the year. But last quarter, you talked about being earnings positive for the full year. Now you're saying first half still will be generating losses, back half of the year going positive. So I guess the question is, do you still think it's possible for the full year to wind up being positive even with all the variant headwinds that have occurred so far? And then the second part of that question is did you guys contemplate or still contemplating, helping us think about the long-term prospects for this business over the long term, either through whether that's long-term guidance or targets or stuff like that?
Jason Liberty: So on the first question, Steve, I would say that we're not an organization that gives up based off of an event like Omicron. So we are kind of taking all efforts to ensure that we maximize our profitability here each and every quarter and each and every year. Omicron certainly will weigh in here heavily on the first quarter and a little bit of the beginning of the second quarter. And a lot of it will be as bookings start to come in, how can we improve on the first quarter and the second quarter, and that will kind of dictate whether we're positive, negative on the earnings side. But we're focused on it but there certainly has been pain. I mean, the cancellations of those 50-plus sailings weighs pretty heavily onto the first quarter on a profitability standpoint. So that's kind of the answer to question one.  On question two, we are certainly looking past COVID. We believe we are past COVID in terms of it -- in terms of the overall impact on our business and we're focused on our healthy return to service. And the great -- as I said in my comments, this is a great business with great brands and great ships. And as we get our load factors up to historical levels and we start getting to predictable quarters and patterns, I do believe we will come out and provide long-term programs and metrics as it relates to the overall business. So I feel good about that but I think we're going to wait until we're in a little bit more of a predictable state and our quarters are predictable before providing that guidance.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, got you. And then the second question, how do you guys think about changing COVID mandates on board? And I guess what I mean by that is, I assume there are folks out there that still don't want to cruise either because of testing or mask mandates and are waiting for those to be removed or eliminated. So what are you guys watching or what do you think will give you the confidence to start removing some of those mandates? And then what do you think that would ultimately do to bookings and demand?
Michael Bayley: Steve, it's Michael. Yes, I mean, obviously, that's -- it's a consideration in terms of the protocols that we have in place and how the customer perceives that. I mean, in many ways, the customer is perceived as a positive during the time of COVID. But obviously, I think we believe and what we see now is that many destinations and countries are beginning to ease some of these restrictions. And the belief is that we're going to start moving to a new normal. And we've seen now with the U.K., for example, where Brits returning to the U.K. don't require testing. There's effectively almost no protocols for them to return home. I think last week also, Denmark and Sweden are following the same kind of path, and we believe that we'll see more and more of this over the coming weeks. Certainly, we see now with Omicron that the decrease in positivity is really significant, not only in the U.S. in certain states but also onboard of our ships. And we believe that we're going to move into a much more positive environment. I think what we'll see is as we get into that environment, we'll start, again, working with the CDC. We'll start removing many of the protocols that exist today, and it will become easier and simpler for our customers. Just as a point of reference, around 10 million customers visit our Royal Caribbean International website every month, and around 400,000 or so visit our healthy sale section of that. And you can see as people's anxiety either raises or decreases, then obviously, that number raises and decreases. So we're feeling quite positive about where we're going with this. We also believe that in the not-too-distant future, the CDC Level 4 will be downgraded to Level 3, and I think that will also be another positive step in the right direction.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And Steve, I'll just add, I mean, which as you know this because we say it quite frequently, the health and safety of our guests and our crew are our #1 priority. So a lot of this is we're following the science and the protocols that we have in place are well beyond what has been asked upon by the CDC and the CSO or by others. So we're following the science and we're -- based off of that, we're making changes to our protocols, again, to kind of help ensure that our guests and our crew are safe at all times.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Didora of Bank of America.
Andrew Didora: Your marketing and G&A spend had record levels at record levels in 4Q. We clearly knew your marketing spend was going to be higher, given the restart. But when we think about the Omicron impact and sort of the delay we've seen here, does that mean these costs will stay elevated in the first half of 2022? Any color? Can -- is there any color you can provide just in terms of the cadence there, I think, would be helpful.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Andrew. So as you noted, yes, we did, after quite a while, started our brand marketing efforts in Q4 and that's why you see that elevated. We've seen very good receptivity to those and generated really strong demand that cultivated in the bookings we've seen. And as Omicron started spreading, we've really thought thoughtfully about how we're going to spend the sales and marketing. Also we are within the typical wave season so we are thinking about that, and we will continue to adjust. We will eventually go back to what you would think as a more of a historical range.
Michael Bayley: I think that's a key point. Our behavior in terms of our marketing activities and so forth, as well as how we're going to market is actually very similar to how we were pre COVID. And that's kind of what you -- that kind of that pattern in tempo is what you should be kind of thinking about as you are considering your modeling and so forth. Just being mindful, we have more capacity than we did in 2019. But I would just kind of make that point that you should expect us to kind of return to kind of typical behavior.
Andrew Didora: Okay, got it. And then my follow-up question, I certainly appreciate you wanting to wait to give long-term guidance until there's just a bit more clarity on the revenue side, I would think you have a little bit more kind of -- a little bit more clarity on your cost situation, particularly as all your ships kind of return to service here. So I know there are puts and -- there have been some puts and takes during the pandemic in terms of taking costs out of the system, then there's just general inflation in the market. Can you help us think about like kind of where your unit cost ex-fuel could be relative to 2019 as you begin to get back to the full utilization of your fleet?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think what -- I'll just start off and Naf can certainly jump in here. Our expectation -- as you start considering the transitory costs and -- which will evaporate here, we were hoping here in 2022. The efforts we've made around cost is for our cost per APCD to get more efficient, for us to gain more margin here over time. So a lot of the things that you're -- as you look at our cost per quarter and saying, where are these cost savings, a lot of that is being absorbed by short-term transitory costs and also being absorbed by some of the -- what we believe to be some of the short-term inflationary elements. And food as an example that we think we'll be able to effectively manage.
Naftali Holtz: Yes. And just to add to that, we also have 6 new ships that have joined the fleet since 2019 in addition to the cost focus that we've had in reshaping our structure as we had in the last couple of years. So as the fleet comes back and the load factors build up, we are very well positioned to perform and improve margins.
Andrew Didora: Sorry, just 1 last follow-up there. So do you think your longer-term kind of nonfuel unit costs can get back to pre-pandemic levels?
Jason Liberty: We do.
Naftali Holtz: We do.
Operator: Your next question is from Ben Chaiken of Credit Suisse.
BenChaiken: You guys talked about load factors being in line with pre COVID, I think third quarter of '22. Just to pick that apart, did you say in 3Q, you'd reach normal or 3Q for the quarter? I know this is like a little bit in a way -- 3Q should be normal. And then just 1 follow-up.
Naftali Holtz: In Q3.
Ben Chaiken: Okay. And then I guess, just with that in mind, like what -- can you help us with the thought process or data points you're looking at to make you comfortable in that assumption? Is it simply the pace of bookings? Is there any way to approximate like how booked you are currently on a percentage basis for 3Q sailings for example?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, obviously, we know those numbers very closely, but it's not something that we typically or that we're going to be guiding on at this point. But what brings us the confidence and whether it was Naf's commentary around the customer deposits in the back half of the year, especially for Q3 relative to 2019, the booking activities that we've seen is what provides us confidence that we're going to return to those historical load factors. So it's not based off of hope, it's based off of the patterns that we're seeing today that is our best perspective on the patterns that are going to continue on.
Ben Chaiken: That's really helpful. And then just 1 more on onboard spend, which has been particularly strong. Is this -- do you think part of this has to do with like the ships having lower occupancy so there's more opportunities to spend and not wait in line? I'm kind of making that up? Or is it some pent-up demand? Or is it a change in how people are booking packages? I guess, could you just help us think about how you guys view the strength and how it should persist in the back half of '22?
Michael Bayley: Ben, it's Michael. I wish we knew. I can tell you that we've been absolutely delighted and, I mean, initially very surprised by the onboard spend. But it's kind of -- I think when we started operations out of the U.S. back in July, we were initially just shocked. It was really, really positive. And it's just continued. So I think it's -- you're probably not far wrong that I think lower load factors created a different kind of environment that helped people spend more. But we've seen it across the board in nearly every single category where people are just simply spending more in every single revenue stream. We also are really pleased with what we've seen with our investment in the pre-cruise technology that's really started to come online over the past 12 months. And our pre-cruise penetration is significantly higher than it's ever been before. So we're in a very positive environment. We know back in '20 and '21, the savings rate was significantly higher and credit card debt was much lower. So we do think that people are happy. We've seen Net Promoter Score on all of our ships and brands being at record highs. So we've got a lot of happy customers in that happy frame of mind. They're opening up their wallets and they're spending literally all over the place. So we're very pleased with what we're seeing.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And I think just to add a little bit more color on to it, but when Michael talks about categories, I think it's in 2 dimensions. When you look -- whether it's the consumer that is booking the inside state room or the consumer that's booking the Ultimate Family suite, as an example, you're seeing them all overindexed on their historical spend by quite a bit. And then the other dimension of the category is by area. Effectively, every revenue area, whether that's spa, whether that's gift shop, whether that's casino, F&B and so forth, is just outperforming significantly. I don't know how much of it's volume, how much of it's mix, how much of it is just the consumer with more money in their pocket, how much of it is just  [Technical Difficulty]
Ben Chaiken: …all that's just items you listed before they get on board.
Michael Bayley: Yes, that's right, Ben. I mean, the level of sophistication of our pre-cruise software and our ability to market directly to customers is improved quite a lot over the past year or so. So I think that does play a key role in this.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And Ben, as you know, from following us for some time, we had talked about pre COVID that we were replacing our pre-cruise or our e-commerce platform for our onboard spend, which not only includes being a lot easier to conduct and book business with us but also our ability to yield manage it and so forth. And so that's definitely been an area where we have continued to invest under these very difficult times to prepare ourselves for again, another opportunity for margin improvement.
Naftali Holtz: And just 1 final point on this wonderful piece of good news. As a rule of thumb, every $1 of pre-cruise spend is worth an incremental $0.50 of onboard spend, and that's pretty much a rule of thumb that's been true for quite some time.
Operator: Your next question is from Jamie Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime Katz: I have a couple of bigger picture questions for you guys. First, can you unpack any of the supply chain constraints you're seeing? I know in the past, you had talked about sourcing different food items from different places and whether or not that's easing or still problematic?
Jason Liberty: Yes, sure. So our 2 main areas that inflation really impacts us is food and it's fuel. Obviously, in the food and other things that we have, we have on the shipping side, some costs with our shipping lanes and so forth. But for the most part, we have seen the cost of these items now begin to come down somewhat as we had anticipated and also what our suppliers had anticipated. It's not back at all to kind of pre COVID or 2020 levels but it is definitely beginning to move in the right direction here, which aligns very well because we have a lot of longer-term fixed contracts on a lot of our commodities. And so we've been patient to update those until we start to see a change in those patterns, which we've been seeing.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then can we talk about China a little bit? I'm curious what you guys think the road to reopening looks like. Are there certain hurdles we need to clear? And then maybe what has that opportunity set change to become now that Genting Hong Kong is a bit in flux?
Michael Bayley: Yes, Jamie, it's Michael. It's a great question. It's been very much in our thoughts, particularly as it relates to Genting and what's happening there. I mean, obviously, we see opportunity. China for us has been a long journey. We've had our ups and downs. We've had some incredibly productive and wonderful years and we've had some equally challenging years. And true to form, it seems to stay on the same path. So we've -- we're waiting. There's a belief that after the Olympics are behind us, that there will be more positive news coming out of China. One of the positive things that has happened is, obviously, we redeployed our capacity out of the China market some time ago. And of course, one of the ships that we redeployed was Wonder of the Seas, which is our latest newest Oasis class ship. And we put the Wonder of the Seas both out of the American market and into Europe in the summer, and the demand and the response to Wonder of the Seas has been incredibly strong. And we've been actually delighted with what we've seen in terms of how Wonder has been selling both in the European markets and in the American market. So there has been a silver lining to redeployment efforts out of the China market.  I think our long-term perspective of China is we're in China and we're going to make China work, and we see a huge amount of upside and opportunity. I think Genting exiting the stage is, again, an opportunity for us. And our teams in Asia are already planning and leveraging what we think could be those opportunities. But our appetite for the opportunity has not shifted. We think China is always going to be a very important part of our strategic portfolio, and we are going to continue our journey as soon as the news starts to become more positive, which at some point, it does have to become more positive.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: Congrats Jason and Naftali on the roles. Maybe following up on Steve's earlier question on the longer-term earnings potential. As we look back to 2019, can you just remind us of some of the big exogenous impacts and/or factors that may have hit the headline earning number as we contemplate a base to build off of in a normalized environment?
Jason Liberty: From memory, Steve, I don't think there were a lot of large elements that impacted 2019. I mean, we did have a little bit of a write-off with Grand Bahama Shipyard, an impact from some sailings due to Grand Bahama Shipyard. And besides that there weren’t a lot of one-offs that would have impacted 2019. If anything, it would have helped 2019 relative to our final net income number.
Stephen Grambling: Got it. And then one of the other questions we get is just really around any change in terms of new-to-cruise versus kind of the core cruise customer. Is there any color you can provide on either how booking trends are evolving for the new-to-cruise passenger versus core customer? And when you look at what happened with cancellations, anything you can discern from the type of customers who are canceling?
Michael Bayley: Steve, it's Michael. We -- a good kind of proxy really was when we came out of Delta, we saw week by week -- in fact, what we're seeing now is almost exactly the same as what we saw when we came out of Delta, which is as we went into it, bookings dropped and anxiety was increased from customers. As we started to come out of Delta, bookings started to return and week by week, month by month, those bookings really started to take off. And as we moved into the fourth quarter of last year, our bookings started to exceed 2019 levels, both in volume and rate, and it was clear that everybody was in a vacation mode.  As it relates to new-to-cruise and loyalty, loyalty certainly led the way and we've seen that. But new-to-cruise lagged, I would say, 4 to 6 weeks when we look at our data. And again, I'm talking about when we came out of Delta. Loyalty was, at the beginning, skewed heavily and then new-to-cruise started to jump back in and it started to even out back to normal levels. The other consideration is the product that we have in place for new-to-cruise and particularly for the Royal brand out of the American of course, we’ve got great new hardware, new products, we’ve of course got a lot of short product, which is very appealing to new-to-cruise. And we've got Perfect Day, which is in pristine condition and is -- as we know, an incredibly popular destination, and that already is generating significant demand with a premium with new-to-cruise. So our view is, is that new-to-cruise is lagging but it's coming back, and we feel that's exactly what's going to happen now as we come out of this latest variant.
Jason Liberty: Yes. And just to -- on your second part of your question in terms of the cancellation trends, this one's an easier one and an intuitive one. The majority of the people canceling were people who either tested positive for COVID before getting on sailing or somebody in their family who was traveling with them tested positive for COVID. And that led the vast majority of the cancellation activity. And we did customers shift their bookings from late December, early January into future periods, but that's more or less the story around the consumer in cancelling.
Stephen Grambling: That's helpful. Maybe this is more of a housekeeping question, if I can slip it in. And then you may have had some of this in the press release, but can you give us a little more detail on the CapEx spend kind of split between maintenance and new ships. And maybe not even just this year, but as we think towards next year, if you could provide some initial color.
Naftali Holtz: Yes, sure. So as we said in the release, we expect this year to have roughly $3.1 billion of capital expenditures. Remember that we are taking 2 deliveries. We already took 1, Wonder of the Seas, and the other 1 is Celebrity Beyond. And we also have some progress payments towards future deliveries. So those are the majority of our -- significant part of that number. And we, as you know, been really thoughtful and really disciplined about how we invest in capital and making sure throughout that, on 1 hand, we maintain financial stability, but on the other hand, we also have -- we invest in the future as -- in the years to come. So you should expect that a lot of it is just newbuild and the ships, and that will be for this year.
Jason Liberty: And Steve, just as a reminder, which I know you know this, but all the newbuilds, whether the Wonder we just took delivery of or Beyond that we'll take delivery of as well as in the future, all have committed financing to them.
Operator: Your next question is from Fred Wightman of Wolfe Research.
FredWightman: I was hoping you could maybe just summarize sort of the big bullet point differences between Omicron and Delta so far, whether that's sort of peak to trough booking disruptions that you saw, whether that's the speed of the recovery and just sort of how that informs your expectations for any future variants that come down the pipeline.
Jason Liberty: I think the big difference between Delta and Omicron was really the operational impact to us. I mean, just like everybody is experiencing it spread like wildfire, which -- our protocols and our ability to manage the situation, I think, was exceptional. I mean, our teams did an exceptional job managing it. So I think it was more of an operational issue. I think what we saw as it relates to -- on the bookings side, as Michael said, a similar pause and then we're seeing a similar recovery coming out of it. I would also just add that, I think Omicron had a little bit more of an impact on shorter term or closer in than Delta did, and Delta was -- spread more over a couple of quarters in terms of bookings while Omicron really more focused on upcoming sailings first quarter.
Michael Bayley: I have to add just 1 point to this on Omicron versus Delta. Omicron certainly was fast and it did sweep through the fleet. Interestingly, all of the protocols, as Jason mentioned, that we worked on with the CDC were incredibly effective. And the fact that all of our fleets in the industry continued to operate during this period, I think, is testimony to the quality of these protocols. But the other observation just to share is that for all of our crew positivity, 99% of the crew positivity was asymptomatic and the 1% was extremely mild symptoms. I mean, it really was remarkable in many ways. But the impact on the crew was effectively 0, except to take them out of operation for the period of their quarantine. But I just wanted to share that statistic with you.
Jason Liberty: Which I think builds on the environment of all of our crew vaccinated. If they're eligible, they're getting boosted. And so we're doing, I think, all best efforts here to make sure that we are focused on ensuring that cruising is the safest experience you could have.
Fred Wightman: Makes sense. And could you guys just build out a little bit on some of the U.K. booking trends that you alluded to? It makes sense that they're a little bit farther along than the U.S., but it also sounds like they've sort of continued that march up into the right as far as getting back to pre-Omicron booking trends, but could you just give us a little bit more detail?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Fred, Yes, that's right. I mean, again, it's -- regardless of market, the kind of the behavior seems to be very similar. When a market or a country or a region goes into the variant as it starts to spike, bookings head in the opposite direction. And as soon as we get over the peak, which happened in the U.K. ahead of the U.S., then all of a sudden, you start -- you see activity returning. And as the infection rate continues to drop, you see the booking rate continue to accelerate upwards.  And that's really what we've seen out of the U.K. market, the kind of the line of extension is very similar to what we saw in Delta and what we're seeing now in -- with Omicron in the U.S. market. The more the positivity rate drops, the more the bookings increase. And it's very -- it's kind of becoming quite typical. And the U.K., in this case, led the way because it's a fairly significant international market for us. So we have quite a lot of volume out of that market, and we saw it literally start to come back as soon as things started to drop down.
Operator: Your next question is Vince Ciepiel of Cleveland Research.
Vince Ciepiel: Revenue per cruise day remains up low double digits. Curious if you could help us understand ticket prices on an apples-to-apples basis relative to 2019 with what you just saw in the fourth quarter. You look at short-term rentals or resorts that are pricing 20%, 25% ahead, I don't think your ticket prices were that far ahead, but kind of curious where they're at now and maybe how you can kind of close that gap versus some of the other land-based alternative vacations over the next year or so.
Jason Liberty: I'll jump in here first. So in terms of the improvement in revenue, you see it in ticket, you see it in onboard. I think the part of this is us just getting to a consistent operating environment, which is what we think, which is other land-based operators have that opportunity to be doing at this point. And I think we're now getting there. Having a consistent operating environment, we think, is key to -- you have that consistent demand and also having that consistent demand here in the short term. And that, to me, is very important for us to see similar trends in the short term to what others are seeing. Now when you look at it further out and you look at, like I said, back half of Q2 and Q3 and Q4, you're seeing similar trends to what you're seeing on some of the land-based vacation experiences that you just talked about.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. And then 1 housekeeping item on fuel. The price per ton guide for 1Q, I think it was almost 40% ahead of '19. And if I look at MGO and IFO, they're only up, call it, 25 to 30. So I think that maybe some of that increase, is that attributable to mix, maybe burning a little bit more higher expensive MGO? Can you remind us your mix expectations for 2022 and maybe how that compares to what you burned in 2019?
Naftali Holtz: Yes. So for us, it's obviously fuel prices are up from 2019. And just as a reminder, we also hedged -- a little bit over half of our fuel would be low market prices over the last couple of months, so we're benefiting from that -- from these actions. And you're right that we have some of the mix in the short term, a little bit skewed more towards the MGO, but that should normalize throughout the year.
Operator: Your next --
Michael McCarthy: We have time for 1 more question.
Operator: Your final question is Patrick Scholes of Truist Securities.
Patrick Scholes: In your prepared remarks and press release, you talked about bookings since the beginning of '22 now back to pre-Omicron levels. I was wondering, if you could give us a little bit more apples-to-apples color. Certainly, we're in wave season already, expect normally they should be back well above pre-Omicron back to October, November levels. How did January, apples-to-apples, turnout for you versus a comparable 2019 as far as booking pace?
Jason Liberty: Well, the reason why we pointed out pre-Omicron levels is that where we were pre Omicron and as Naf commented in his remarks, every week, every month, our bookings were accelerating, right? They were picking up steam and so forth. Then we had a period of time which extended into January, obviously, where Omicron was quite present in society. And so our bookings went backwards in terms of the volume, especially as it relates to Q1 and in the early part of Q2. The point about pre-Omicron, getting back to pre-Omicron levels is just showing you the build here through the month of January despite the elevated cases of Omicron. Now being on the other side of it, we've seen that next pop and we're pre-Omicron. And then we continue, as your comment around wave and our marketing activities and so forth, getting back to levels that we would expect to -- on the booking and the booking volume side for the balance of the year. And that's -- it was just really just to kind of give you a point of reference on how we -- where we are in the journey relative to the dip here on Omicron.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. I guess I misread the press release. When you say pre-Omicron levels, are we talking pre – pre 2019 comparability or pre Omicron as in October, early November of last year?
Naftali Holtz: The latter. But remember that as we were going into the Cyber Monday Weekend and Black Friday, we've seen a good accelerated pace. So -- and we had the best weekend there.
Patrick Scholes: Okay, okay. I did read it correctly.
Jason Liberty: Thank you for assistance, Shelby, with the call today. We thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Michael will be available for any follow-up you might have, and I wish you all a very great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shelby and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Royal Caribbean Group 's Business Update and Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason Liberty: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today for our business update and Third Quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International, and Michael McCarthy, our Vice President on Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which have been posted on our investor website, www investor.com. Before we get started, I'd like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Richard will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. I will follow up with a recap of our third quarter results. I will then provide an update on our latest actions and on the current booking environment. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard.
Richard Fain: Thank you, Jason and good morning, everyone. As always, it's a pleasure to give an update on what's happening within the Royal Caribbean Group. It's certainly been a horrible year-and-a-half. Looking at our financial statements and seeing that sea of red ink is painful. But we are pleased to be looking at such a positive forward path. The reason we've gotten to this awful period of COVID as well as we have, is because we've had our eye firmly on where we needed to go rather than on where we were at any given moment. The same approach is serving us well as we look to the coming months. Before I comment on our position going forward, I have to express my admiration for an appreciation of the men and women of the Royal Caribbean Group who have worked so hard, so diligently throughout this difficult time. The pandemic has cost us all dearly, but our people stepped up to the plate and worked so hard to get us through this period. They invented amazing protocols to protect our crew members and our guests. They put in place financing arrangements with the deaf TAM and they have taken care of themselves, their coworkers, and their families under some of the most trying circumstances any of us have ever experienced. To them, I say thank you, you are all true heroes. Now the pandemic is not yet fully behind us. It's still very present. But scientists have given us a good answer to this nightmare with effective vaccines and remarkable treatments. The Delta variant caused a temporary slowdown in our bookings, especially close in. But our trajectory for recovery remains very much intact. In this call, I intend to focus on where we're going rather than where we've been. We are all tired of talking about COVID-19. Every conversation doesn't need to start with a description of the trauma we've experienced. Every discussion doesn't need to dwell on how awful it's been. Fortunately, the path forward appears clear and very positive for our Company and for our industry. For some time now we have said that we hope to take advantage of the special features of cruising and make cruising one of the safest places on earth to spend your vacation. The numbers are now coming in and our objective appears to be validated. Our strategy has been to get the flywheel spinning. For over 18 months, our guests have had to deal with cancellations, interruptions, confusing rules, and changing protocols. These constant changes have added uncertainty. Thankfully, today, we are operating almost normally. Our published itineraries are being delivered on a consistent basis. Two-thirds of our ships are already operating and virtually everything will be back to normal in our core markets before the end of this year. Our goal is to start the new year with smooth, steady, consistent operations that will give our guests comfort and give travel advisors the confidence to book future cruises. Like the pilot of a plane during takeoff, prioritizing speed over altitude, We have prioritized spreading the wealth. We have prioritized starting up more ships even with lower loads per vessel, rather than trying for higher load factors on fewer ships. We have been executing this in a financially and medically prudent manner. January is the start of wave period and our goal is to have our core markets operating normally as quickly as possible. That will put us in an excellent position to have a good wave period Our bookings are already showing that the public has a great deal of pent-up demand and is eager to travel again. We have a long period of poor bookings to make up for. But current booking trends give us a high level of confidence for 2022, especially from the summer on. We're not back to normal. However, predictions of a dramatic different new normal do not appear to be bearing out. Once aboard a ship cruises today are remarkably similar to cruises before the pandemic. There are some changes, but most of these are not visible to the public and the remaining ones are likely to be temporary. Satisfaction level amongst those who are cruising today is the highest in our Company's history and their onboard spending is also unparalleled. The recent announcement by the CDC that they intend to eliminate the prescriptive conditional sale order in January is very welcome. Our own requirements and protocols are stricter than the CSO anyhow. The confidence level that they are demonstrating by the CDC's actions will help give confidence to the market. Now, while we are very encouraged about the strong bookings that we've been seeing. We do appreciate that we are still not in a normal travel environment. We are emerging from a period of lower than usual bookings. And our international sourcing, which has historically been a strength of the group, has been confusing due to the constantly changing travel restrictions, and is just now starting to build back. The image of the cruise industry from the early days of the pandemic is also weighing on the minds of consumers, albeit much, much less than previously. There's also a special story about what's happening in Asia and how that affects the Royal Caribbean Group. China was one of the fastest-growing markets, and we believe we'll continue to be an important part of our strategy going forward. However, as you know, China is essentially closed to international travel today and that includes cruise travel. We do not expect China to reopen until at least the Olympics in Beijing are over. Another important market for us is Australia. Australia's approach to containing the pandemic has been based on isolation. They are now rapidly switching to the vaccines as a way of controlling the disease. We do not expect Australia to open to cruise travel until the spring. But since the summer season doesn't start until our next winter, anyhow, we're not counting on much from Australia until the end of next year. Against this background, our ability to predict a profitable 2022 is strong evidence of how quickly our future can get better. We are encouraged to see the return to profitability and strong cash flows as a rapid turnaround, rather than a slow, steady progression. It is unusual actually for us to provide any indication of next year's results this early. But we understand the need to have a frame of reference going forward and we wanted to be constructive in that regard. Obviously, there are a large number of factors that could shift us of this trajectory, including worsening spread of the disease, a new variant, inflation, etc. But on the current trajectory that we're seeing, we believe we can prudently predict at least this level of prospects ability and the cash flow. I'd also like to touch on two other subjects that are of interest to any Company, human capital and supply chain issues. Our people have been the strongest driver of our performance throughout our history so we watch this area very carefully and we are concerned by reports of labor shortages, especially in the hospitality arena. Fortunately, our shipboard jobs are seen as very attractive by crew members around the world. That has not been a serious problem as we restart and we do not expect that it will become one. Similarly, onshore, we have long been seen as a desirable place to work, and while the current situation is something every business person should watch closely, we do not expect it to interfere with our ability to operate successfully. Supply chain issues are impacting everyone and we're no exception. Fortunately, we have traditionally hedged our beds by buying key supplies forward. And this is cushioning us from the current volatility. Looking forward, we expect these contracts plus our purchasing power, plus our ingenuity to give us protection. Now while this pandemic has been all consuming, we have not been idle on other fronts either. The need to be a good corporate citizen, to behave in a way that we can all be proud of has remained an important part of our thought process even during this timeframe. Over the last few months, we've announced a significant number of highly significant steps forward on the environmental side of our ESG aspirations. A few weeks ago, we announced that the new Silversea ship called Project Evolution, will contain some of the most advanced environmental features of any cruise ship on the water or in the construction docks. It will be a multi-fuel vessel capable of burning initially lower carbon producing LNG, and later as they develop the non carbon-based fuels we'll work off of those. In addition, it will have fuel-cell technology, not as a demonstration project, but it's a significant part of the energy capability of the vessel. As a result, it will be able to operate a 100% of its hotel load purely on these emission-free fuel-cells. That means not only won't a ship need to use its engines in port, but it can do so without even having to plug into shore power. This requires an amazing concentrated effort to develop the technology in conjunction with mayor, very often others. In addition, it will use waste energy technology to convert rubbish to energy, and used advanced supply chain techniques to reduce the carbon generated during the construction process. An even bigger announcement this week was our disclosure of our new project called Destination Net Zero. This is an ambitious project to eliminate our carbon footprint by 2050. By signing up for the science-based target initiative, we're not only setting a goal for the distant future, but also establishing the interim milestones that will allow us to get there with confidence. It's also interesting to look at the last 19 months and take note that during this period, we've taken delivery of 5 spectacular new vessels. and during the next 9 months, we will accept delivery of 3 more. In fact, over the next fortnight, we will be naming 2 of these ships here in South Florida. We have not remained idle. Before I turn it back to Jason, I'd like to reiterate my appreciation for and the admiration of the people of the Royal Caribbean Group, who have gone above and beyond, not only to get us through the pandemic in far better shape than anyone would have expected. But have also prepared us to look forward to the future with confidence and yes, even excitement. With that, I turn it back to Jason. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. Before I begin my remarks, I also want to echo Richard's comments regarding our incredible teams, the people, the Royal Caribbean Group are our strongest competitive advantage, powering our resurgence and delivering again, the world's best vacations. I want to thank every member of the Royal Caribbean family for their ongoing and exceptional efforts and the incredible service and memorable experiences you provide to our guests every single day. I will now turn to discuss our performance for the third quarter. This morning, we reported an adjusted net loss of 1.2 billion or a loss of $4.91 per share. for the third quarter of 2021. It's important to note that while these results may be below some of the street estimates, our Third Quarter results and related cash burn were better than our internal expectations, driven by better cost and better onboard revenue performance. Onboard revenue strength contributed to a 12% increase in total revenue per passenger cruise day compared to the third quarter of 2019. In line with our expectations, our occupancy for the quarter was 36% with sequential improvements from one month to the next. From the very beginning of our restart, we talked about several tenants that would be the basis of our ramp up. The first was ensuring the health and safety of our guests in crew, the second was that we wanted to ensure that they vacation experience matched or exceeded our guest expectations, and the third was bringing the fleet up in a financially prudent way. So far we have delivered on all three of these tenants. We've carried over 500,000 guests since the restart, and have only had a 150 COVID positive cases amongst these 500,000 people. In addition to providing safe vacations, we're also clearly exceeding our guests expectations with net promoter scores well above all-time highs. And once beyond the initial startup period, load factors on our core itineraries averaged 44% and all of those shifts were cash flow accretive. The last point I would like to make is that while we now have more than 65% of our capacity up and running, leading the industry by far on a relative basis, we are continuing to manage our load factors to ensure that we should stay true to our healthy return to service tenants, as well as retaining price integrity. Now, I like to discuss capacity and load factor expectations over the upcoming period. For the fourth quarter, a little over 2/3 of our capacity will be sailing core itineraries beyond the initial startup period. As such, our overall load factors will continue to trend of increasing from one month to the next. And are expected to be in the range of 60% and 65% in the fourth quarter. In addition, we do expect our fleet on our core itineraries to generate direct profit. Given our healthy return to service tenants, and our focus on price integrity, we expect our load factors in 2022 to continue to steadily increase month-by-month and return to historic levels in the summer. For our capacity standpoint, we expect that 50 of our 61 ships will have returned to service by the end of this year. By the end of Q1 2022, we expect about 85% of our capacity to be operating with a 100% back in service in the spring, in time for the lucrative summer season. While we are offering cruises in the vast majority of our key destinations, we continue to closely monitor both China and Australia and anticipate those markets will start opening in the spring. This timing could influence the return dates of few of our ships. As to our balance sheet, we ended the third quarter of 2021 with $4 billion in liquidity. During the third quarter, we continued our efforts to manage and improve our balance sheet. To that end, we successfully issued $1 billion in senior unsecured notes at 5.5% due in 2026. These proceeds were used to replenish capital as a result of the redemption of 40% of 11.5% senior secured notes that were due in 2025. This redemption will result in a 4-year interest savings of $51 million. As we discussed on other calls during the pandemic, we have taken and continue to take numerous actions to reshape our cost structure with a focus on further improving our leading pre -COVID margins. These actions include getting rid of water tonnage, and adding more leading, high-yielding, and cost efficient hardware to our fleet. While these actions will improve our cost structure margin profile, we do anticipate the recent inflationary pressures and some transitory costs related to healthy return to service, will weigh on next year's earnings. Now I'll give you an update on our 2022 sailings. At a macro level, we've seen a sequential improvement in new bookings from one quarter to the next. Bookings during Q2 were higher than Q1 and bookings during Q3 were higher than Q2. This Q3 improvement took place despite the long demand in August that corresponded with the rise in the Delta variant. September was a great booking month overall, with new bookings for 2022 more than 60% higher than Q2 average. The momentum has continued for all three of our brands and bookings so far in October, have been significantly better than September. Bookings from our two biggest markets, the U.S. and the UK, have been improving for one week to the next and are now exceeding 2019 levels. We have now restarted our brands marketing programs, which are generating strong results and preparing us nicely for 2022 and 2023 from a cumulative standpoint, our book load factors remain within historical ranges, driven by strong booking levels for the second quarter of 2022 forward, load factors in the first quarter are lower than historical levels, but are aligned with our anticipated load factor ramp up. Our booked APDs are up significantly both including and excluding the negative impact of FCCs for the full year and for each quarter of 2022. As always, trends do differ a little by itinerary with our core summer products in a stronger volume position than other itineraries. Our customer deposit balance is now $2.8 billion, an improvement of about $400 million over the past quarter, despite the significant quarter-over-quarter increase in revenue recognition, which reduces the customer deposit balance. Our customer deposit balance is less than 15% lower than it was at the end of September 2019 for the three brands with almost the entire difference driven by Q4 2021 sailings. Our customer deposit balance related to bookings in Q2 forward sailings for all 3 brands is higher than at the same time in 2019. Approximately 35% of our customer deposit balances related to FCCs. All the FCCs approximately 45% of them have been redeemed this far. Now, considering everything I just said about the booking environment and cost, I would like to discuss our very early view of 2022. The Royal Caribbean Group possesses the best brands and their segments, the most innovative fleet in the industry, wholly-owned destination experiences like perfect day at CocoCay that are second to none, a nimble and effective global sourcing footprint and most of all the very best team both at sea and on land. This incredible and unique set of assets have helped us effectively manage through the pandemic and is now helping us accelerate out of it. As such, while it's still too early to provide guidance for next year, We currently anticipate the group generating positive EBITDA starting in the spring of 2022 and positive earnings for the full-year of 2022. With that, I will ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please [Operator Instructions]. We do ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question is from Steve Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: Hey, guys, good morning. I want to dig into your commentary about getting back to historical load factors by the third quarter of next year. What I'm wondering is, how you're thinking about making that bridge from where you are today versus getting back to those levels. The question is, would you have been able to make that assumption if the CSO order was extended versus you guys being able to operate more independently? And I guess even asked another way is how much higher load factors does the removal of the CS contribute in how are you guys now thinking about the vaccine mandates across different age demographics into next year?
Jason Liberty: Hey Steve, how are you doing? I'll just start off and talk a little bit about our load factors bill for next year. One we didn't point specifically to the Third Quarter, I think we pointed specifically to the summer. We all come preparing our business to be -- to maximize our revenues and profitability in this, and obviously a very lucrative peak summer season. Our load factors ramp up is somewhere about 5 to 7 load factor points. per month. Again, we're doing this in a measured way. I'll have Michael on a second here to talk about the CSO, but that's not governing our load factor build. It's more of us just thoughtfully ramping up our business based off of those 3 tenants of health and safety, guest experience, and doing things on a financially prudent way. But with that, I'll pass it over to Michael to talk a little bit about the things on the CSO side.
Michael Mc Carthy: Thanks, Jason. Hello, Steve, I think with the CSO, we've been through quite a journey with the collaboration and the work with the CDC and I think if you think what we've been through, in terms of determining the protocols and then executing them, I think it's fair to say that the industry and the CDC and the intergovernmental agency representatives who have been part of this return to service team feel like we've been very successful in implementing these protocols and they're proving, as we commented earlier, to be very successful. While the CSO comes to a technical end on January the 15th, we will continue our ongoing collaboration with the CDC in terms of the protocols that will voluntarily operate after the CSO expires. And I think what's happened over this past several months is that we've really got a focused, collaborative effort and we found the relationship with the CDC has been very constructive. They certainly -- and we want to make sure that we're operating safely and they're also well aware that some of the protocols that we have in place will naturally fall away as the pandemic moves further and further in the rear-view mirror. I think as we move into 22, hopefully what we'll see is the protocols become easier and less cumbersome for our customers. Having said that, and jumping on Jason's comments about load factor. While we've been extremely prudent and thoughtful about bringing back our fleet and managing the load factors, it's worth pointing out and I'll use Royal Caribbean International as a proxy for the Company. We've brought back significantly more capacity ships, beds, and berths than any of our competitors by a significant amount. And what that means is that operationally and logistically, we've already climbed over that mountain and we've now got a large number of our assets available for booking. And more importantly, we've now gone through and absorbed all of those expenses, we've vaccinated all of our crew, we've managed to get all of our crew to these ships and we're operating them. One of the things that we were very cognizant of is the need to be very consistent with the distribution and the customer because as Richard pointed out, we'd had so many cancellations of ships over the past year and a half. And now we have this stability. So as we look into 2022, we feel pretty optimistic about what we've achieved with CDC and the CSO. And I think we're feeling very optimistic about the fact that we've got so many of our ships already up and operating. And while we've talked about the load factors, it's worth pointing out that it's a story that's, for the purposes of this conversation, is averaged out. Last weekend, Freedom of the Seas sailed from Miami with an occupancy of 85%. And that's one of the products that's particularly attractive to new to cruise. And it's one of the products that we've been very focused on and making sure that we are learning and understanding exactly how our protocols going to adapt to more capacity. We feel pretty good about what's happening. Thank you Steve.
Steve Wieczynski: Thank you. That's terrific color. And then the second question would be maybe if you could help us Jason, maybe help us think about some of the assumptions that you guys are embedding for next year to get you to that positive earnings level. And I understand you're not ready to give guidance at this point, but maybe some high-level thoughts around how you're thinking about pricing from here or change in onboard metrics, or how you're thinking about fuel for next year? I mean, anything that you would call out to help us think about that would be extremely helpful.
Jason Liberty: Well sure, Steve. And of course, we're still very much going through our planning process for next year. Our commentary around pricing and how we're seeing the business build back up are certainly -- or what's supporting our current expectations around profitability for 2022 as well as the timing of cash flow. We have done a lot in the course and that consideration as we do expect there to be some additional costs that relate to inflation. We've hedged, I think 53% of our fuel for next year. And I think one of the things are -- that will toggle here is as Michael was referring to a healthy return to service protocols, there will be a series of transitory costs. A lot of those transitory costs we've absorbed this year as Michael talked about and the ramping up of our fleet. But there will still be more ramp up that happens next year and depending on how some of these protocols, which are very much kind of self-induced here around testing. As that -- based off of that could impact our cost profile. But even kind of considering all of that, that's why I think we feel at this point you're comfortable talking about pointing the business towards profitability in 2022. As we -- as our plans start to firm up and I think as we get into next year, you will consider giving some more thought in terms of how 2022 is going to look through the course of the year.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Really appreciate it.
Jason Liberty: Yes, you guys too.
Operator: Your next question is from James Hardiman of Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman: Hey, good morning. I'm getting a couple of questions on fuel. Obviously, there's been a lot of inflation there. I guess first housekeeping question. Can you give us the consumption and the cost per metric ton in the third quarter. But then I guess more broadly, your fleet is going to be younger as we exit the pandemic into 2022 and 2023. Anyway to think about consumption per berth as we look to those years?
Jason Liberty: Well, first I'll just answer your tactical question, James. In the Third Quarter, we had about 237 -- well, exactly 237.6 thousand metric tons that we burned, the average price there was $497 to your point. We have -- well, as Richard mentioned his remarks, we have taken on new capacity. We will be taking on additional new capacity into next year. We have gotten rid of order tonnage. And so we do expect that our fleet will become more and more fuel efficient. Also, as we focus on our path here to net neutrality on the carbon side that will continue to help us focus on burning less fuel also here in the future. But in saying all of that, the mix of that is that our fuel consumption on a per berth basis should get lighter and lighter as time passes here and that's what we would expect. At this point it's too soon to guide on what our fuel consumption will be as our deployment for next year is still not fully out.
James Hardiman: Got it. And then, everything that you've given us with respect to 2022 is really encouraging. Obviously, it's way too early to talk about the beyond, but it seems implicit with everything that you're saying. I guess, is there any reason to think that 2023 wouldn't be a pretty normal year, in terms of occupancy and in pricing and the fleet and everything else?
Jason Liberty: Yup. Certainly, things are -- it's very, very early days to be talking about 2023. But in terms of what we have really experienced, especially over the past, call it 45 days, and the acceleration we're seeing, and the demand environment, and people's willingness to pay ahead of 2019 levels, is really encouraging. And we're very excited about it and our marketing efforts are really just further bolstering that demand profile. What I would say about 2023, which again, it's very early, is that we're seeing very similar strong trends for 2023 and we're -- and we're booked in a place that's better than what -- where we would typically be booked this far out of a period for 2023. If you were standing in 2019, same time last year and you're looking at 2021. We're in a better position than we were back then.
Richard Fain: I would just add one of the things that was interesting to me is that as the Delta variant came on, it really hit our bookings for 2021 and 2022, but it didn't seem to have any impact on our bookings in 2023. I think what people have been doing is saying, I have this pent-up demand, I want to get out there. But I don't want to do it soon, I want to make sure where things have stabilized. I really do think it's quite dramatic that we saw essentially no impact from the Delta variance on 2023 bookings whereas it impacted 2022 and 2021 quite heavily.
Michael Mc Carthy: I have to jump in Jamie, and I know Jason and Richard are probably fed up with me saying these things, but we launched the world cruise of world cruises with Royal Caribbean International, literally about 10 days ago. And we only made it available to our 16 million loyalty members. Within 7 days, we were 70% booked. And the average price of a balcony room is $75,000 for the balcony. The Royal Suite, sold within a week at $760,000 and all of these suites have booked with non-refundable deposits, so even we were taken a back by the Unbelievable response of our loyalty customers. The fact that within a week we were 70% booked on a ship that carries around 2,100 guests and is on a nine month world cruise was just remarkable and I think that's indicative of what we're seeing.
Richard Fain: I never get tire of hearing that Michael. In fact, maybe you could tell us just how booked are we on that cruise so far.
Michael Mc Carthy: 70% actually.
Richard Fain: Amazing, I know. I think you forgot to mention that.
Michael Mc Carthy: I knew it wasn't going to be an effort I was just aware.
Jason Liberty: That's great color. Thanks, guys.
Michael Mc Carthy: Thanks, James.
Operator: Your next question is from Jamie Katz of Morningstar.
Jamie Katz: Hi. Good morning. Can you give us some insight into what your prognosis is or what underlying thoughts you have surrounding the economic environment next year that or over the near term that you're incorporating into your outlook. And then in order to give Michael another turn at the wheel, I'd be curious to hear any updates on the private destination projects that you guys have maybe had on the backburner. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: You should just know, Jamie, he might bring up this thing called the world cruise, as part of his commentary.
Michael Mc Carthy: Or a perfect day might fit in to the conversation.
Jason Liberty: Yeah.
Michael Mc Carthy: Possibly.
Jason Liberty: So Jamie, in terms of -- and, this is how we've always kind of thought about things as we look further out, is we obviously have very good data in terms of how the guests are booking today or how they have booked and what the book of business looks like. We don't speculate a lot on how the economic environment is going to change. Of course, we have seen secular trends that very much support experience and vacations and a lot of pent-up demand that makes us very much believe and we've seen this in the bookings, and the acceleration of bookings, that that will continue to go on. So that's kind of how -- I don't have a forecast. There's probably people in different companies that have or I would say banks and consulting houses that have economic outlooks. But for us, what we tried to do is really firm up what we're seeing in the daily booking activity.
Michael Mc Carthy: And Jamie on the private destinations, I mean, one of the things that we're already seeing is Perfect Day is leading the charge in terms of demand and premium for those ships that are operating out of South Florida already and in fact, out of New York. We do -- we did press pause during the pandemic on these projects, but we've started to reengage. And quite literally last week, there was a conference done in Panama with many of the Caribbean countries and it was quite interesting to see the level of activity that we experienced in terms of re-engaging and talking about destination developments throughout the Caribbean South Central region. We did obviously have a plan in place, pre -pandemic, we pressed pause, we're now re-engaging on all of those plans. In the immediate future, we have an expansion taking place in perfect day with the addition of Hideaway Beach, which is a new experience that will open in late 2022 for Perfect Day. The beauty of Hideaway Beach is that it is a adult only area as part of Perfect Day. It will allow us to increase our capacity by approximately 3,000 people a day in late 2022, which is obviously going to help improve our overall profitability and drive more revenue both ticket and onboard, so that's coming. And then we're close to finalizing the design, and construction plans, and the approvals for beach club in Nassau, which we're hoping to start work on that very soon. And we have other projects that we've now started to re-engage with. I think our aspirations never really moved away, we just have to press pause for a while. Also, of course, we've got our Galveston Terminal that's opening in 2022 and that will accommodate our Oasis-class ships and then future icon and of course that gives us remarkable access into the Texas, Oklahoma, and that whole region as a market for driving -- driving too. We're continuing our journey. But certainly, Perfect Day is leading the charge on current bookings.
Jamie Katz: Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Jerry.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: Hi, thanks. I want to go back to something I recognized you don't want to provide too much input on 2022, but I'd love if you could just provide some additional thoughts on what's driving some of the strength in revenues per passenger day and any details on where spend perhaps is more robust and where it could still be dampened by some of the limitations or social distancing that's being imposed?
Jason Liberty: Yeah, sure. I'll start off here and just talk a little bit about drivers here on the demand environment for 2022. I think the first is one of my comments that I had made in my opening remarks was just really -- I mean, if you just look over the past 2 or 3 weeks, we're seeing bookings occur that are higher than what we did on a daily basis, higher than what we were seeing in 2019. I think that's a combination of us coming out of Delta in that pent-up demand. I also think it's a combination of our marketing efforts that have come into play here that are accelerating and getting into the minds of the consumer, especially our new to cruise consumer, that we've seen that acceleration. I'd also comment that we're seeing now very similar trends for all of our brands. If you remember in the early part of this year, we talked about strong trends, especially in the ultra luxury side. As we were coming out of this, we are now seeing strong trends across all of our brands, which helps us provide further confidence there. We've also seeing booking, especially over the past 30-40 days, really pick up for Q1 as well as Q4 of next year. There's always very strong demand for Q2 and Q3 with the summer. But seeing those shoulder seasons begin to rise, I think is also been very encouraging, and again, that's consistent with all of our brands.
Stephen Grambling: Super-helpful.
Michael Mc Carthy: Steven, just to add to Jason's comments, the other thing that we've seen which we commented on was the onboard revenue environment, which is truly impressive. A couple of things that are happening there, we know that there's just more consumer spend occurring and it seems to be really happening on our ships. We've also really increased the volume of special groups such as gaming groups that are coming on our ships. And that's proving to be very profitable. And the other thing is that we continue the investment in Hybris, which is new software which really allows us to have far more capability in our pre -cruise revenue marketing. And that is really beginning to shine through for us. So as we look into 2022, for example, just in Q1 2022, pre -cruise revenue bookings are already way ahead of 2019, that even though there's less volume on gas, so there's a lot of positive things that are coming through to help us.
Stephen Grambling: Great, thanks so much. I'll jump back in the queue.
Michael Mc Carthy: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Your next question is from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. I wanted to ask about something that a lot of investors are trying to get a handle on. When you talk about load factor and Q1 being below historic range or lower than average, how much of that -- you talked about expecting occupancy levels to end up around 85% for Q1. So can you quantify -- are you actually sort of not selling -- is 15% of your capacity not available for sale in Q1 on the ships that would be in service. So just to help quantify how much of the lower load factor in Q1 is actually what's not available for sale? And then also, probably the other big factor is the fact that you had to rejigger a bunch of itineraries in the last few months and so what percent I don't know if you would know this ballpark of your Q1 itineraries are things that were rejiggered in the last year. As opposed to -- you normally have 12 months to sell an itinerary, now, some of these itineraries here you'd be selling in less than 6 months. I don't know if you can quantify that? As opposed to investors trying to get a handle on how much is that versus a load of below in Q1 because people don't want to travel yet versus the other 2 factors that I think are probably part of it.
Jason Liberty: So I think there's a few in play. One, I think we need to remember that about 80% of our capacity is expected to be up and sailing by the end of the year. As we move into Q1 which is where the majority of that or the rest of that 20% comes into play, similar to what we have been doing here from June on as we slowly bring in the ships to make sure that the crew and everyone is very used to the protocols that need to be executed on, making sure the guest experience is exceptional. And so we're certainly moderating load factor in ramping that up. And so that's going to weigh in on Q1 load factors and leave in a little bit of early Q2 load factors as there's a few more ships that come into play. That's probably the biggest driver of why in Q1, our load factor would be lower than what you would see Q2 going forward. Certainly, my guess is there's probably 15% to 20% of our capacity in which there is, I would say more than moderate itinerary changes and that -- because I mean, most of our itineraries there might be a port here or port there that has -- that has changed out of this, but it's -- that's not really the driver of it. Maintaining price integrity, slowly ramping up our fleet -- or ramping up our fleet, or the ships that come on in a manageable way is really what's driving the difference here on the load factor in Q1.
Robin Farley: Great, that's helpful. Thank you. And just my follow-up is, you talked about in Q3, how revenue per passenger day is at 12% and a lot of it driven by higher onboard spend per person. Can you give a little bit of a comment just on ticket price? And I'm really asking on the comparable cruises, obviously, a ship that would've been in Europe in 2019, wouldn't compare to that ship in the Caribbean. But if you have a 7 day Caribbean in 2019, how ticket price compared in Q3. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: It's a good question, Robin, obviously we've seen significant rise here on the onboard side, and I think first I want to make a point that Michael had made, a lot of this is pre -cruise driven and that has really been something that has amplified our onboard spend. But our ticket rates are better than what they would be seen in a 2019 period. It's just that, we called out here specifically around the onboard side, so similar commentary to what we've been saying about the booking environment on a rate and load factor basis is very much applied to what we saw here in the third quarter.
Richard Fain: Robin, I think I might just add a little more color to your question on which ships are different in which were on -- where people didn't have time to do their advanced bookings, etc. There's obviously an effect by vessel, if you will. But I think there's an overall effect of the uncertainty that all 3 of us have talked about. There's just been cruises, there have been cancellations, there were itineraries that are changed, etc. And I think people want to look forward to a period of stability. And that's really been our focus and that's a little hard to measure that by itinerary or vessel by vessel. But I think overall it's a factor. And that's why we've been so anxious to get everything up and running and without changes.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Your next question is from Brandt Montour of JP Morgan.
Brandt Montour: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. To Jason, my first question is when you think about expenses next year, and I know you gave some color around fuel, but excluding fuel and excluding onetime restart costs, Do you expect inflation to have a material impact on net operating unit costs? And is there, I don't know residual savings that you guys had last year that might be an offset for that?
Jason Liberty: Sure. What I would say, Brandt, is that we certainly expect, and in our consideration, at least in terms of what we know today, that inflation will have an impact on our business, and that is in our consideration in the course. We will have, as you said, these transitory costs. On the other side of it, we've talked about this in the past. We have taken significant action on reshaping our costs here over the past several years. And so we do think a lot of this inflation is temporary. We certainly think the transitory costs around healthy return to service and getting our ships up is temporary. And as those things evaporate, we believe a lot of our efforts, which are absorbing a lot of these costs additions into 2022, We'll then -- we'll free and show here in our margins as our business returns to historical load factors.
Brandt Montour: That's helpful. I appreciate that. And then on 2022's itinerary slate and in the spirit of maximizing profitability for the peak summer season, is there any -- I guess, the easy way to ask, are you expecting any dilutive impact to pricing from regional mix shifts given that some Americans are still wanting to travel domestically, do you expect that -- have you paid mind toward that in your planning for 2022's itinerary mix?
Richard Fain: Actually, that is a very important point. There is simply no question that's the restrictions on international travel, both the absolute restrictions and the psychological restrictions have made people be much more regional than normal. And for us, with our global brand strategy, that's not what we were hoping to see, but it is a fact of life and I think we expected to be an impact. Remember, part of our strategy was we could take Americans on the European cruise and Europeans on an American cruise. And both the formal restrictions, the government restrictions, but also people's uneasiness in longer-term -- longer distance travel, we think is a factor and we've incorporated what we think that will get our forward projections. But that is no question, that's an important point that we try to touch on in our comments.
Jason Liberty: And I think just to stress, obviously, we -- for the most part know what our deployment is going to be here in 2022. We're seeing live every minute of every day, the booking activity that is coming in in the sourcing, etc. and so in our consideration and modeling here for the 2022 period of time that sourcing mix that -- is very much married to the deployment is a -- has been very thoughtful in how we think about next year.
Brandt Montour: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks a lot, guys. And congrats on making progress so far. Good luck.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Brandt.
Operator: Your next question is from Fred Wightman of Wolfe Research.
Fredrick Wightman: Hey, guys. Maybe just a follow-up on that last point. Richard, I think you called the international sourcing mix or sourcing environment confusing. Can you maybe just put some specific numbers as far as where you see those cross-border bookings for 2022 and how that compares to pre -COVID levels?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. I mean it's tough to put it out in a specific way at this point in time. But when we think about next year, a lot of our deployment is married here to the Caribbean and Alaska and other parts of North America and so we will be weighted more towards the U.S. and Canada than we did in a pre -COVID period of time on the same side, a lot of our deployment that's going to be in the Mediterranean, and Northern Europe, and so forth will just be sourced more out of Europe in terms of our expectations and also in terms of overseeing in our bookings versus North Americans flying over to Europe. Now and saying all of that, there is still plenty of people from Europe coming to the Caribbean and people from the U.S. going to Europe next year. But we are somewhat just moderating those expectations in our forecasting.
Michael Mc Carthy: And Fred, just to add to Jason and Richard's comments, I think it's also reasonable to say that day-by-day, week-by-week, the news that we see and receive from the deals with all of these different issues continues to get brighter and better. When you think back through the pandemic, there was a period that every single e-mail or conversation, or piece of news from the government was negative. Now, everything is turning very positive. For example, the presidential proclamation a few days ago, which basically opened up the travel between the U.S. and European countries and what have you -- we continue to see across all of the different itineraries in destinations that 's a leveling out of protocols and reasonableness. And you can feel that now coming through in the bookings. Considering we're just entering into November, I think that this news will continue over the next month or 2, which is going to be critical as we get into wave.
Fredrick Wightman: Great. And Jason, could you just maybe comment on your current understanding or current readings of some of the tax proposals in the U.S. and what if any impact do you think that could have for you guys?
Jason Liberty: Sure. Obviously it's evolving at this point in time, we don't anticipate there being any significant impact to our business.
Fredrick Wightman: Great. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Vince Ciepiel of Cleveland Research.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I was curious. When you look at your bookings as well as what you're sailing right now, are you seeing anything interesting in demand mix between interior versus balcony and what that might mean for onboard and pricing comparability of what you're sailing now versus 2019? And then as you think about ramping to full load into the second half of next year, is that reliant on selling out all the interiors like you did pre -COVID?
Jason Liberty: Certainly, if you were to look at our book business, and I don't think this would be a surprise, we are -- and this, by the way, is how we are typically booked this far out, as we're weighted more towards our suites and our balconies. People, when they tend to plan their vacations further out, and you look at the booking window, it is typically weighted more that way. And so between now and time of sailing is when you begin to see your inside cabins and so forth, start to move in. But when we look at the pricing of it, it's again relative to 2019. It's coming in, as everyone expect it to and at rates that are very similar to those records of 2019. but certainly it's weighted heavier at this point towards those balconies, as well as those suites. Now in saying all of that, our inventory of our ships is getting richer and richer until we have more and more of that inventory coming into play, which again, just further supports or bolsters our yield profile and growth here in the future.
Vince Ciepiel: Great, and then unrelated follow-up on Capex. Not sure if you had mentioned this yet, but how you're thinking about next year? Normally there's coming out of cash and maintenance piece as well as some new ship payments. But I also think you have wonder and beyond, which is usually covered by committed financing, but how are you thinking about Capex going into next year?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. But that's exactly right as it relates to the new builds. I mean we have committed financing on all ships that we have under construction. We're still going through our planning process. But obviously we're very mindful of our capital structure and our efforts here to get back to pre - COVID levels and our pre - COVID balance sheet. And so as the business here ramps up and firms up for 2022, that will begin to form our expectations here on capital we plan to invest and also focusing on how do we get the balance sheet back to pre - COVID levels.
Vince Ciepiel: Thank you.
Jason Liberty: You got it. We have time for one more question.
Operator: Your final question is from Ben Chaiken of Credit Suisse.
Benjamin Chaiken: Hey, how's it going? Jason, I think you mentioned strength in new to cruise. Should we think about this as a return of that customer that didn't exist understandably over COVID. And as we exit, or just an accelerate -- was that new to cruise comment accelerating versus 19.
Jason Liberty: Well, if you looked at just propensity to cruise from the early days of the pandemic to today, we obviously in the early days in new to cruise have basically turned itself off for the most part. And today, what we see is that they have certainly returned. I think our marketing efforts have really helped that in just reminding those customers about the incredible experiences you can have on our leading fleet as well as amazing places like Perfect Day at CocoCay. I think those things in combination and of course, you're just thawing out here over the pandemic has led to that new to cruise customer coming back and certainly accelerating. We're really happy to see that you've now taking place. And again, all the surveying that we're doing really shows that they are quite open to coming back. And that's being supported by their booking activity.
Benjamin Chaiken: Got you. It's a return of the new cruise. And then I guess, just to clarify one more, I think you've said 85% of capacity by the end of 1Q 2022. I believe that was from a fleet perspective. Can you just help us bridge to ALBDs or is it similar?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. I think on a capacity basis, by the end of the first quarter, we're close to 90%.
Benjamin Chaiken: And then -- right, but just trying to connect between fully and ALBDs, is it a similar number or is there a --
Jason Liberty: It's about 5% points -- it's about 5% points higher on a capacity standpoint versus number of ships.
Benjamin Chaiken: Okay. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: You got it. Okay. Thank you for your assistance today, Shelby, with the call. We thank all of you for your participation and continued interest in the Company. Michael will be available all day for any follow-ups you might have. And that's Michael McCarthy, by the way.
Michael Mc Carthy: Thank you for clarifying..
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Thank you.
Michael Mc Carthy: But I'm available for any sales of World Cruise, the Royal Caribbean.
Jason Liberty: Okay. You've given out your cellphone number. Okay. I wish you all a great day and everybody be safe. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today' conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Royal Caribbean Group's Business Update and Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our business update and second quarter earnings call. Joining me are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Executive Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Michael McCarthy, our Vice President of Investor Relations.  During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com.  Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change.  Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website.  Richard will begin the call by providing a strategic overview and update on the business. I will follow with a recap of our second quarter results, and I will provide an update on our latest actions and on the current booking environment. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us on the call today. You all know it's been almost 1.5 years since the onset of the pandemic and it's certainly been a difficult time. We've been in a virtual standstill in this long period. And there's no business school that has a course in how to succeed in business with 0 revenue.  Fortunately, our people are responding well to these unprecedented challenges, and I'm very proud of the progress that they have produced.  Today, we are reporting another painful set of financial results, but we're also reporting on the dramatic progress on the restarting of our operations and the continued strength in the demand environment for our leading brands. Most importantly, we have already restarted almost half of our capacity, and we're bringing more online as we speak. Our protocols appear to be working very well, which gives us and our guests comfort about their safety on board. Lastly, bookings are remarkably strong, especially for 2022.  I would like to address these 3 issues in order. First, I want to talk about the process of restarting; second, our operational protocols and their impact; and then lastly, come back to our booking outlook.  Now starting with the process of resuming operations. It seems like only yesterday that people were asking me if I thought cruising would restart by December. Suddenly, we have half of our ship sailing on revenue cruises. We know that it's going to take us a while to return to full normalcy. But while people are emerging from isolation, it's clearly going to take them a while to feel totally comfortable. We believe that the best way to get them comfortable is to demonstrate just how well the process works. We call that the flywheel effect. Once we get the vast majority of our fleet back online and thousands of people sailing safely, it will make even more people feel comfortable doing the same thing. Once the flywheel starts spinning, it keeps spinning and the machinery keeps getting more powerful.  Now some of you have asked why we were the first to restart in the States and how we've gotten our ships operating so quickly. The answer is simply that we started earlier, and we have the very best people in the business who have been very aggressive in implementing the new protocols. We started preparing before we had official word that we would be allowed to sail but at the point where we thought the approval was inevitable. And our people have worked hard and diligently to make sure that our ships could be back in the water quickly.  Also, thanks in large part to the vaccine rollout, society has been progressing faster towards normalcy, which has maximized the pace of our recovery.  In this accelerated return to service, the health and safety of our passengers and crew remain a top priority. For every ship that we restart, we have committed to 3 pillars: first, ensuring our ship experiences are as safe or safer than their shoreside equivalents; second, meeting and exceeding our exacting pre-pandemic expectations, especially in regard to guest experience; and three, doing so in a financially prudent manner.  Now turning to the second item on my list. I think it's important to talk about the safety protocols related to COVID. As you all know, our goal from the beginning of the pandemic has been to make cruising not just as safe as comparable to land vacations but safer. We believe that the unique attributes of a cruise ship could allow us to control the environment to an unusual extent. We can ensure a level of vaccinations and testing that would be impossible for most other places to even contemplate.  Specifically, we require 100% of the crew to be fully vaccinated. And we require the bulk of our guests to be fully vaccinated as well. The only exceptions are children under 12, and in Florida, a minor number of people who choose not to get vaccinated.  Excluding Singapore, which is a special case, an average of 92% of the people on board our ships in July were fully vaccinated. And this number is likely to rise going forward. The idea is to limit the spread of COVID-19 aboard our ships. We all know it's impossible to eliminate cases on board a ship totally, just as it's impossible to eliminate cases on land. But the steps that we are taking are designed to prevent the isolated cases from becoming an outbreak and it seems to be working. We have had people test positive. But because almost everyone around them is vaccinated, they've remained isolated cases. That's the goal, rare individual cases and no significant spread. Repeat this with a few hundred thousand or million cruisers, and that creates the trust that will drive our resurgence. Now the Delta variant is problematic for everyone, but even this looks manageable by our extensive protocols. It's too early to draw definitive conclusions, but the vaccines are the ultimate weapon, and they work. Our experience shows that while there are breakthrough cases aboard, the vaccines help keep them contained. In fact, and I thought this was quite unusual, in most of our positive cases, even the cabin mate of the infected individual has tested negative.  But in light of the Delta variant and other variants, we have recently strengthened our protocols further, even more testing and even more people required to be vaccinated than we had in June and July. We have gone from cruises being a source of concern to cruises being an exemplar for how to deal with COVID-19. I'm thrilled that we're making this dream a reality.  And that brings us to how our customers are responding. And fortunately, that outlook is good. Our guests are eager to cruise again. We had hoped that there would be pent-up demand for cruises, but even we were surprised by the level that we're seeing. We are also encouraged by the improvements we're seeing more broadly across the travel industry. Cruise consideration remains high among active cruisers and is steadily increasing among non-cruisers. It is clear people are eager to travel to take a vacation, and we are ready to make their vacation dreams come true. Jason is going to speak more about our booking trends in a moment.  Now we all know it's going to take some time for the situation to settle. There's still a lot of confusion in the marketplace, and that definitely hurts the next few months or so. In addition, people usually book their cruise vacations well in advance. It will take some time for us to catch up with the bookings that we didn't arrange or we didn't get up until now.  But if we only obsess about the present, we will fail to prepare for the future. We must keep our eye firmly on that future that we can see is coming. We need to prepare ourselves for it, so we are focusing our thoughts, our efforts and our plans on that future.  While the third and fourth quarter of this year will continue to be painful, it's booking generally in line with our return to service and occupancy ramp-up expectations. Due mainly to the timing of the ramp-up in service and the abnormal booking window, we don't expect 2022 to be a normal year. However, we are seeing rapid and steady progress towards normalcy starting in the spring and summer of next year.  One important additional point is that we are not only in the business of delivering the best vacations possible but also doing it sustainably. The company's commitment to corporate stewardship remains a priority even during our return to service. Despite pandemic headwinds, the company has made tremendous progress across environmental, social and governmental governance focus areas. Some of the key achievements include a 35% reduction in our greenhouse gas emissions from our 2005 baseline. We removed 60% of single-use plastics from our supply chain. 60% of our ships are equipped with emissions purification systems that remove 98% of sulfur oxides. And our newer ships are equipped with Selective Catalytic Reduction, which reduces NOx emissions. We've reduced waste to landfill by 85% from our 2007 baseline. And we've also completed the introduction of over 2,000 certified tours in 3 assessments by the Global Sustainability Tourism Council.  One interesting point is that our wind farm that spans 20,000 acres in Northern Kansas has 62 turbines with a total power generation capability of 200 megawatts. It's now been operational for more than a year. It will annually generate 760,000 megawatt hours of carbon-free energy. That's saving some 500,000 tons in carbon. And to put it in perspective, it's the equivalent to the energy use of about 60,000 homes.  These are just a few of the many initiatives underway at the company, and I've only focused here on the area of the environment. Our press release covered other initiatives in accordance with our -- and in accordance with our mantra of continuous improvement, we will continue to elevate and we will introduce new initiatives to improve all of our ESG efforts across the board.  The last 16 months have caused much pain and much suffering, but the tide is clearly turning. I'd like to thank our Board of Directors for their support and dedication. I also want to thank our partner organizations and communities for staying the course and preparing for the future. But most of all, I want to thank the men and women of the Royal Caribbean Group for their tireless efforts under the most challenging of circumstances. Their dedication to seeing us see through this black swan event in the best way possible is nothing short of extraordinary. So I look forward to sunnier days ahead. And with that, I'll turn it back to you, Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. Before I start, like Richard, I also want to thank our teams across the whole enterprise for their tireless dedication to rapidly bringing our fleet back into service in a safe, healthy and financially responsible manner. This has been accomplished through impressive interdepartmental collaboration and many, many sleepless nights. And for that, we are really forever grateful.  I will now turn to discuss our performance for the second quarter. This morning, we reported an adjusted net loss of $1.3 billion or a loss of $5.06 per share for the second quarter of 2021. While these losses are incredibly painful, the second quarter was a turning point for the company on multiple fronts. First, we welcomed an additional 10 ships back into service after 15 months of minimal cruise activity. Second, we took financing actions to reduce our negative carry and began our journey back to an unencumbered and pre-COVID balance sheet. And third, we saw a significant increase in booking activities that resulted in a large increase in our customer deposits.  As we shared this morning, our customer deposit balance as of June 30 was $2.4 billion, which is about 30% higher than the balance at the end of the first quarter. And as of today, our customer deposit balance is $2.5 billion. At this point, a little over 35% of our customer deposit balance is associated with FCCs compared to about 45% at the time of our last call, signaling continued strong demand.  On the liquidity front, we closed the second quarter with $5 billion in liquidity. As you all know, we pride ourselves on having industry-leading brands with a world-class and highly innovative fleet and a history of strong financial discipline and performance. These assets and attributes have been instrumental in helping us raise more than $13 billion of new capital since March of last year.  During the second quarter, we continued our efforts to manage and improve our balance sheet. And to that end, we successfully issued $650 million of senior unsecured notes at 4.25% and used those proceeds to redeem 7.25% senior secured notes in full. This will generate approximately $17 million of cash savings annually beginning in 2022.  We are delighted with the current momentum and the restart of our operations in the United States and around the globe. The environment remains fluid, and for this reason, we are not providing a cash burn estimate or the related offsets generated by revenue and new customer deposits. I will highlight that the burn rate for the ships that are kept at layoff is expected to be consistent with our previous expectations.  Now as it pertains to our debt maturities, our scheduled debt maturities for the remainder of this year and 2022 are $21 million and $2.2 billion.  I will now update you on capacity and the booking environment. After more than a full year of painful financial losses, a never-ending roller coaster of ups and downs regarding the timing of our return to service, multiple liquidity actions and very little cruise capacity, we are now finally bringing our fleet back into service and are already welcoming thousands of guests back on board each week. In fact, we are thrilled to have welcomed more than 136,000 guests on board our 5 brands during the first half of the year.  The pace with which our teams have been able to bring ships out of layup and ready them for guests is nothing short of incredible. It is amazing to think that at the end of April, we only had 4 ships delivering incredible vacations across our 5 brands. But as we sit today, there are guests sailing on 29 of our 60 ships in the Caribbean, Europe, Asia, Alaska, Iceland and the Galapagos.  We are also in the process of ramping up 7 more ships to be welcoming guests this month. As a result, we anticipate having about 65% of our fleet in service at the end of the third quarter and approximately 80% of the fleet back in operation by the end of the year.  When considering our plans to ramp up capacity, the one area we continue to watch is the Asia Pacific region. And for purposes of our return-to-service planning, we have been cautious.  Now I'll give you an update on bookings. Bookings are still below 2019 levels due in part to our reduced capacity for 2021 and the fact that many sailings were announced very close in with little time to build business. However, the gap narrowed further during the second quarter. And we received about 50% more bookings in Q2 than during the previous 3 months, with trends improving 1 month to the next. By June, we were receiving about 90% more bookings each week when compared to Q1, with bookings for 2022 practically back to 2019 levels.  As it relates to Delta variant, we have mainly seen small variations with closer-in bookings in markets with high case counts. However, July was our second highest booking month of the year and bookings for 2022 are strong. We are particularly encouraged by the continued strong demand for the important spring and summer months.  The health and safety of our guests and crew is our #1 priority. And as such, our start-up strategy incorporates low initial occupancies to give the crew the opportunity to seamlessly implement the new protocols and facilitate amazing vacations in this new and constantly changing environment.  After each ship gets a few voyages under their belt, our plan is for our load factors to steadily increase from 1 month to the next. This is evident in our fleet where several of our ships are now sailing with more than 50% load factors.  Overall, the booking activity for 2021 sailings is consistent with our expected capacity and occupancy ramp-up at prices that are higher than 2019. We are also seeing record Net Promoter Scores as well as record onboard revenue for the ships that have resumed service. This is very encouraging as we are not only seeing pent-up demand for cruises, but we are also seeing pent-up demand for our onboard revenue experiences. Guests are really enjoying our shore excursions, casinos, spas and restaurants after spending a year in isolation. We are also seeing an increased demand for our WiFi services as more and more consumers have flexibility to take vacations and work remotely. Looking further forward, we continue to be impressed by the demand and pricing we are seeing for 2022 sales. It is still a bit early in the booking window to provide too much color for next year, but I will share that our booked load factors continue to be well within historical ranges at prices that are up nicely versus 2019, including the dilutive impact of FCCs. While we were still in the early stages of the planning cycle for 2022, we do expect lower-than-average load factors for the first quarter as several ships will still be in ramp-up mode after having recently returned to service. That being said, the first quarter is booked within historical ranges. In addition, load factors are at the higher end of historical ranges for the back half of the year, with Q3 currently in a particularly strong position.  Underpinning this is a strong customer deposit profile for 2022. Customer deposits for 2022 are significantly higher than the same time in 2019. This demand and booking profile is quite encouraging, considering that we have only been spending about 1/4 of our typical sales and marketing spend.  We are also optimistic that a number of larger macro indicators will provide further tailwinds to our future demand, increased vaccination rates around the globe, sharp increases in consumer confidence and significant increases in personal saving rate versus the same time 2 years ago.  I will close by saying that we are thrilled for the flywheel to be spinning at such an accelerating pace. We have been dreaming of this moment for more than 16 months, and it's finally here. We feel very optimistic about our future and are thrilled to see more and more guests in the United States and around the globe enjoy incredible vacations onboard our ships.  And with that, I will ask Shelby to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from Steve Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski: So I'm not sure if this is going to make sense or not, but is there any way you can help us think about the ship economics today? And I guess what I'm trying to understand is, given the higher cost that you guys are taking on, whether that's COVID protocols or lower capacity levels, et cetera, if you look at a ship today and the ships that have been sailing for the last, say, the last 4 or 5 weeks, are these itineraries still losing money? Or have you gotten to the point where some of these ships are actually cash flow or EBITDA breakeven?
Jason Liberty: Yes. So what we're finding is really after a few weeks of getting these ships up and running, we're getting to occupancy levels in which the ships are accretive to our overall cash position. And as was commented in Richard's remarks, right, we're really focused on those 3 pillars of making sure that our guests and crew are safe; making sure that the guest experience is exceptional, and you can hear that in very high Net Promoter Scores; and the third is that we're being very responsible on a financial standpoint as we bring up the ships. And so for us, it really -- a few weeks after we're up and running, we're seeing it being accretive to us on a cash position.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Understood. And then let me ask this maybe a little bit of a different way. But if you stay on the path that you are right now, and let's say the variant stuff doesn't take you guys down at all, but then you get, let's say, 80% of your capacity back in service by the end of year, I mean is there any way you can help us think about when the overall company might be able to get to that very important breakeven level, whether that's in terms of EBITDA or free cash flow? Just because I think investors are -- continue to be concerned about potential raises down the road if something doesn't go right.
Jason Liberty: Sure. Very fair question. And of course, it is very kind of early. But based off of what we're seeing, the ramp-up of our business, I think we see ourselves being at cash flow positive in about 6 months as we ramp up the business. And keep in mind, when we say 80% of the fleet is back up and running at the end of the year, some of those ships are just going to be returning into service and there's a ramp-up period for those. But more or less, we kind of see ourselves about 6 months out from that breakeven point on a cash flow standpoint.
Operator: Your next question is from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: I had a similar question about the cash flow breakeven. You mentioned sort of after a few weeks. If we put a number on it, does that mean that you're finding cash flow breakeven in the sort of 40% or 45% kind of occupancy level? Is that kind of how we should think about where the occupancy level needs to be?  And then my other question, and I hate to be so short-term focused, but I just know that investors are very focused on the comment in the release about the near term being impacted by Delta. And I know you quantified that July was still the second highest month of the year. So I guess that means sort of down sequentially a little bit from June, which June was 90% better than Q1. I guess I don't know if you -- do you feel that, that -- the impact of that has sort of stabilized at that level, that as you're moving into August here, that August would be similar to July? I guess, sort of directionally, maybe just to give investors a little bit of comfort about the direction that things are headed.
Jason Liberty: Okay. I'll jump on the first one, and I think Michael will hop on just in terms of thoughts on the variant. But Robin, as we've been saying for some time and you -- I think you hit kind of the midpoint of that is the ship is accretive to us around that 35% to 50% mark. And obviously, the newer, larger ships are closer to 35%. And older, smaller ships are closer to that 50%. And so that 40% to 45% occupancy range is where -- also kind of considering our return-to-service costs and so forth is where we see those ships being accretive to us. And I'll pass it over to Michael to talk a little bit about the Delta variant.
Michael Bayley: Yes. Robin, in terms of Delta from the perspective of the customer and the booking environment, I think I would say in the last 2 weeks, we've seen very positive growth in demand. As we moved through the spring with vaccinations and as we announced return to service and as customers saw our ships return, we really did enter into a very positive booking environment. And I think over the last 2 weeks, the positive environment continues, but it hasn't been at such a trajectory as it was. But it's really short term. When you look into '22, we see no material impact at all on the increases in bookings for '22.  So I think customers, consumers now see this for what it is. It's a blip and a bump. I think we feel encouraged by the protocols that we've got in place, as Richard mentioned in his opening comments. We've been very encouraged to see that when we do have a positive COVID case onboard our ships, we very quickly contact trace, test. And what we find is that very often, you may have a COVID positive either from a vaccinated or unvaccinated guest, and they'll be in the very same room with somebody who's vaccinated and they test negative.  So the vaccines are really working. I think our vaccination population, so to speak, as Richard mentioned, I think in the month of July, we -- our ship sailed with around 92% of the entire community vaccinated. And in the month of July, we were still accepting kids from the age of 12 to 16 who were vaccinated. And starting on August 1, that number has dropped down because our policy requires you to be vaccinated 12 and up. So I think the good news is, if there is good news with the Delta variant, is that people are becoming far more accustomed to this. If you've got a highly vaccinated population, there's minimal impact. And I think, increasingly, as our ships sail, as we encounter this, we communicate, we're very transparent. The feedback we get from our customers is recognition and relief that this is very contained and something that's going to pass.
Robin Farley: Great. That's all super helpful. Just one final thing, and then I will totally hop off. I don't know if you have any comments to share about. We hear about steel prices moving up so significantly, and just had a question about your ship orders, your newbuild orders. I assume that the price is locked in so that the higher steel price would be borne by the shipyard, not by Royal. But -- or would that be an opportunity to maybe renegotiate and extend some delivery dates? Or -- I'm just trying to think about how these higher steel prices may be impacting your order book, and then I'm totally off.
Jason Liberty: Robin, as it relates to the steel side, it really does not have an impact on our order book or on our costs. There is inflation in there. Typically also, just so you know, when we order ships, typically, the yards also lock in their purchase of steel and fix those prices. So there's not really an impact there.  And quite frankly, we're excited about the new capacity that's coming on. When you look at the cabin configuration, the opportunity for onboard revenue, the fuel efficiencies, the positive impact on the environment that these ships are able to bring to us, we're looking forward to get those ships -- to get these ships online. The reality of it is, as the investor community knows, they're going to be 8 to 10 months delayed when we had originally expected to take them on.
Operator: Your next question is from Greg Badishkanian of Wolfe Research.
Frederick Wightman: It's Fred Wightman on for Greg. Richard, in your prepared remarks, you talked about '22 still not being in a normal year but continuing on that recovery towards more normalcy in the spring and the summer. Can you just sort of touch on how you guys see home market travel relative to international travel evolving into next year? Do you think we could see North American customers make up a big chunk of sort of European departures? What are the puts and takes there?
Richard Fain: I think we were cautious not to try and make too many predictions about the way this goes. Clearly, today's countries are doing more local. So you see a tremendous growth, actually surprising, in domestic travel and domestic -- particularly domestic air and other domestic travel as opposed to international travel. But the other thing that we've seen in this is how quickly it all changes. And we've -- I mean if you just look at this, we've gone from people wondering whether we're going to be back in service at all this year to half our fleet back in a matter of weeks. I mean it's kind of happening so quickly. And I think we see the same sort of thing. There's tremendous restrictions on international travel today. But at the same time that the U.S. decided to extend its -- you saw the U.K. releasing restrictions and you're seeing in Europe. So I think the vaccine is the game changer here. And it is working. And as it becomes -- more and more people are getting it, and you've seen a bit of an upturn already in the unvaccinated getting vaccinated.  But you're also seeing it working in Europe. So just a few weeks ago, Europe was way behind the curve on vaccinations. And they've ramped up to now they're equal or, in many cases, ahead of the U.S.  Australia and New Zealand, which initially focused -- and in fact, much of Asia, it's initially focused, not on vaccines but in isolation and having domestic travel being the key, have shifted. And while they are low on vaccinations compared to the U.S. and Europe, they're rapidly fixing that.  So I think it's an uncertain period. But I think what we would expect is for months now, we will see restrictions and people staying closer to home. But I think there is a yearning to get out there. And once the vaccines get out there, once this -- they become more widely distributed, you'll see more international travel.  So that takes a while, and international travel also tends to book further in advance. So you would expect international travel for the first quarter to be -- a lot of that to be arranged already.  So the fact that we haven't been booking, it means that the first quarter is going to be weak on that count. And I think as we're looking forward in the year, we're seeing people really expect things to move back to normal. And we're seeing international travel back to normal. And so once we get into the spring and summer, we are really very encouraged by what we're envisioning.
Frederick Wightman: That makes sense. And there was also a comment made about cruise consideration picking up among non-cruisers. Could you maybe put some numbers around that and just give some thoughts on how you see new-to-cruise returning?
Michael Bayley: Fred, it's Michael. Just to add a comment to Richard's response on international travel, I think one thing that's just important to note is that we've always had a significant international sales and marketing presence in pretty much all of the key markets globally. So we have that benefit, and we've always utilized that strength in normal times and in challenging times as well. So whether it's in Australia or Asia Pacific or throughout Europe, we always had significant presence. And we've always been able to drive significant demand from those markets, particularly drive-to markets, which has been very helpful. Sorry, what was the second question? I lost my train of thought there.
Frederick Wightman: Just the new-to-cruise, new-to-cruise.
Michael Bayley: Yes. I think when we look at all of our stats, I'm not going to give you the numbers because, obviously, I can't recall them, but we've been tracking since the beginning of this the consumer sentiments across different segments and categories. What you see, which is very logical, is as the pandemic has raged and as vaccines have become prevalent, you see consumer confidence increase, you see travel hesitancy decrease, you see cruise hesitancy decrease. And we've seen improvements across all of these different segments and particularly for new-to-cruise.  So if you look at new-to-cruise view of cruising today versus when we were in the depth of the pandemic, it's remarkably improved. And it continues its upward journey. So we do think, and to Richard's point and Jason's point about the flywheel, the more we have our ships in operations, the more customers that sail with us and have an amazing vacation and the more that we operate, then we believe that we'll see new-to-cruise come back fairly quickly.
Operator: Your next question is from Jaime Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime Katz: I'm hoping you'll talk a little bit about what your expectations for marketing and selling expenses are for the rest of the year. I'm wondering mostly if we think those should remain depressed, given the pent-up demand that still exists out there or if there is a specific positive ROI opportunity to entice more new-to-cruise back to the market.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Great question, Jaime. Our marketing teams have really been kind of more watching the timing of when we want to employ our sales and marketing activities. It's less about the overall amount. Our expectation is that we will ramp up our sales and marketing engine to harvest as much quality demand as we possibly can because we think that there's opportunity for it to be even stronger. And so what I would say is, overall, you should expect that we're going to spend closer back to the levels that we were before on the sales and marketing side when the timing is right.  What we are seeing, as you can see here, is demand for the future periods is exceptionally strong. And so our teams are always very kind of thoughtful about that. But we are generating demand not just for 2022, we're also generating demand for 2023 and even a little bit for '24 for brands like Silversea.
Michael Bayley: So Jaime, just -- sorry, let me just jump in for a second. I think we're feeling pretty optimistic about the opportunity that's in front of us. When we think about our marketing investment, marketing activity and spend over the past several months all the way through this year, it has been -- we've reduced it incredibly. And yet the demand that we've seen coming through the door has been really strong. So we've seen demand almost at the same level as '19 and it continues. And yet ironically, our investment has been remarkably low. So we are thinking that as we move through into September, and of course, we're mindful of the Delta variant, but when we really do go to market, we think that there's going to be significant opportunity for us. So we're quite thoughtful about this.  And one of the things that we -- we're very thoughtful about, of course, is pricing. And we're already seeing that not only are people spending up, but we're seeing that in our onboard spend. So I think Jason commented earlier that we've been incredibly encouraged by the spending onboard our ships that we've already started operating. In fact, the numbers have been very impressive.  So we think that there's an opportunity coming. And I think when we really go to market in a positive way as we move into the fourth quarter, we're encouraged by what we think is going to happen in terms of demand.
Jaime Katz: Okay. There was some commentary on the booking curve, and it actually sounded to me like the -- directionally, it might be lengthening despite the fact that it's probably still shorter than it was pre-pandemic. Is there any color you can add on that?
Richard Fain: So I think that was -- you're probably referring to my comment and that also actually ties in a little to the previous question. I think, actually, the booking curve has shortened because we don't have -- we didn't have the wave period this year that would have given us a base for 2022 and even in 2023. And so I think, if anything, it's actually gotten shorter because of the uncertainty and because of the fact that this is only ramping up very quickly.  Our objective is to get it back. The longer booking curve is helpful to us. It's also helpful in our yield management models. And so we want that to happen. And yes, we will be investing in marketing. It's one of the things marketing does do. So even though demand has been pretty good, we're never satisfied with demand. And if we can ramp up more demand and particularly on short notice, so we will have a period where we have to fill in the short term as well as generate the long term.  The other thing that is relevant, you asked about first-time cruisers or it's rather people who haven't cruised before, there's no question that, that is a real opportunity for us that we want to be exploring going forward.
Jason Liberty: Just to add to it, well, as Richard commented, on average, the booking window has contracted a little bit as, of course, we're launching sailings and we're selling very short in. One thing that's very clear, which, of course, is helping extend the booking window is demand for the peak summer period of time is really exceptional. And it's clear that customers want to make sure, as they've kind of compromised this summer, they certainly compromised last summer, but especially for family holidays, multigenerational travel, you're certainly seeing customers kind of lock themselves in for that period.
Operator: Your next question is from Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: I wanted to follow up on the pricing dynamic for onboard activities. Have you started to take pricing on some of those excursions or the bar or the spa? And how are you seeing customer elasticity of demand there?
Jason Liberty: So just overall, our pricing for many things on board is dynamic. We're also being thoughtful about it as our guests are returning. What you're really seeing is it's not just about price, it's really just the volume or the willingness or the -- for them to take more money out of their wallets to enhance their overall experience. And so it's not just one thing, we're really seeing it across all of our onboard activities.  As well as on the pre-cruise side, as they're planning their vacation experiences, they're being really thoughtful to make sure that it's a very kind of well baked and meets their very high expectations in which we're delivering for them. And so it's really -- I think, I mean, if you look over what we saw last quarter, look at what we're seeing here in the month of July, the APDs we're seeing are almost double what we have seen in previous periods of time. And that is not only a record, but I think it's an indicator of the level of wealth and demand and thirst for experience.
Sharon Zackfia: That's really helpful, Jason. And are you seeing that skew disproportionately to U.S. passengers? Or are you seeing that pretty globally across nationalities?
Michael Bayley: We're seeing it globally. I think it's occurring all over the world. And certainly, with our American guests, it's really -- you can really see it. So it's across all of our customers.
Operator: Your next question is from Ben Chaiken of Credit Suisse.
Benjamin Chaiken: You gave some color on capacity. And then Jason, you alluded to it on Steve's question, I believe. But for 4Q, I guess since you gave some color around 80% of the fleet being back, can you just maybe high level talk about how you're thinking about total APCDs? So again, I know 80% of capacity, I think you meant that in ships. So like units, any help on APCD side?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, we can kind of work a little bit offline on in terms of the APCD side. It's a little bit fluid because in some cases, we have test sailings and so forth. So it's not necessarily a meaningful metric or measure to put out there.  But we're 65% of our capacity. We expect to have up in the third quarter. It's going to wrap itself up to 80%. I think the thing to be mindful about is we say 65% of our capacity is online, but many of those ships are just beginning their flywheel and ramping themselves up and that additional 15 percentage points that you're going to see in the fourth quarter, similarly, they're ramping themselves up. And it's a little bit why when we talk about 2022 not being a normal year, it is because ships are ramping themselves up and especially in the first quarter. And then the fleet is kind of back up and running, and we expect to be generally normal here as we kind of get through that ramp-up activity.
Benjamin Chaiken: Got you. That's helpful. And then one more, if I missed it, I apologize. I think you said, if I caught you correct, I think you said 6 months until you're kind of in that breakeven time frame for the company overall. Do you think you're in a reasonable liquidity position at this point?
Jason Liberty: Well, we think we're in a strong liquidity position. And we are very focused on our journey to get back to our pre-COVID balance sheet and unencumbered balance sheet. And those are the activities that you're seeing us do.  And I think the other thing to keep in mind is our collections, right, in terms of customer deposits, are meaningfully increasing. And so that's kind of another kind of positive layer to our ability to be generating positive cash flow.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: I guess just a follow-up on one of your comments about the customer deposits. That obviously has been coming back quickly. Should we anticipate that, that should be linear? Is there any kind of seasonality to think through in the back half of this year and early next year?
Jason Liberty: Stephen, there's always a level of seasonality. You just -- obviously, as you're taking on bookings for more in the peak periods of time, there's a rise on the customer deposit side of things. So I think there's a level of that.  But for here, for the most part, what we're just seeing is a very steady, but I think quantum step change, each month as we're starting to sell cruises for the future. And a lot of it's just tied to the announcements. And so like the announcement yesterday from Royal, that starts really the flywheel spinning for those ships. And that would tie more towards those announcements and that ramp-up beginning based off of that.  And when you think about it, 80% of our bookings are new bookings, right? I mean about 20 -- a little bit less than 20% are FCCs or lift and shifts. And that is -- we see each time we announce a ship coming online and the timing of that, that's resulting in our customer deposit balance rising.
Michael Bayley: Stephen, it's Michael. I'd just like to add to Jason's comment. It's kind of a big deal when we do make the announcements on return to service and confirm a ship's deployment, sailing dates and what have you. We literally have hundreds of thousands, if not millions of customers, who are simply waiting for the confirmation. When we last announced our return-to-service confirmation, I think it was at the beginning of June, that's when we saw a really significant increase in bookings. And I think the announcement that we made yesterday should also receive a significant amount of interest. We get a lot of questions from our customers. If you go on social media, people are -- they're waiting. They're waiting for the confirmation. And yesterday, we gave confirmation on the remaining fleet. So we feel quite optimistic about that.
Stephen Grambling: That's great color. And maybe one other follow-up, and I may have missed this in some of your intro remarks. But how does your expectations around breakeven and occupancy levels change for the ships that have gone out? It looks like the pricing, especially since you've only had a couple of weeks to get some of these ships up and running, is pretty impressive. So has your thought around the kind of ship-level breakeven evolved?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, certainly, our breakeven level has gone a little bit better because, as you said, Stephen, whether it's 2022 or 2021 or sailing next week, the APDs are higher. The higher APDs are -- obviously will impact the load factor that's necessary in order to -- for them to be breakeven on the cash position. And so again, I think it just kind of shows overall the encouragement that -- what you see in terms of the guests that are sailing, with the number of guests that are sailing with us, it is very in line with how we're looking to ramp up the ships, albeit at higher prices than we had anticipated.
Operator: Your next question is from Assia Georgieva of Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: This might be more of a question for Michael. I wonder, with the difference in loosening travel restrictions in Europe versus North America, have you seen more of a mix change towards European passengers versus what would be domestic passengers in the -- if we can parse it a little bit further down? With our home of -- in the Sunshine State and some of the legal issues there, are there fewer Floridians that are traveling than you would normally expect?
Michael Bayley: I think as we look -- I think all of our ships and brands face a fairly dynamic changing environment where rules, regulations, legislation, as we know, has shifted and changed. What we've seen in terms of demand is really reflected in the commentary that we've already provided, which is with significantly less marketing investment, the demand has been surprisingly strong. There's puts and takes throughout all of that landscape. But at a higher level, demand is strong. I think for products for the closer to home, demand is even stronger.  Different countries within Europe have gone through their own journey with COVID. So it's a more complicated environment in Europe ironically than it is in the United States, even though in the United States, we have to deal with the various issues associated with legislation, et cetera.  So I think -- I'm not sure if I'm really answering the question clearly to you. But I think as we move through this, what we've been surprised with is the strength of the demand. And I think that's reflected in the numbers that we have.  So I'm not sure if I've answered the question clearly for you, but it's kind of a complicated -- it's a complex landscape, but the bigger picture view of this is very positive.
Assia Georgieva: Well, because it is pretty complicated. And as you mentioned, in Europe, first of all, different jurisdictions, different countries have been changing, loosening restrictions, adding on -- not lockdowns but additional testing, vaccination requirements. So it seems that it's very fluid all the time. And I wonder whether for Q1, given that this is not going to be a great quarter, some of that might be because of difficulty for Europeans getting to Florida, let's say, or to any sort of Caribbean embarkation ports that might be affecting some of the expectations that you have for that quarter.
Jason Liberty: No, I'll just jump in there. I don't think that's really -- there's lots of things that I think affect our point of view on the first quarter. First is just the time frame and booking window. Second is just the ramp-up of our ships in terms of expectations, going from their starting position and ramping themselves up. And I think some of it is a little bit kind of a cautious outlook when we kind of consider the Asia Pac side, especially the Australia and New Zealand side, which that's kind of the period of time which our ships typically operate. I think just a more general demand in our key markets like North America and Europe and U.K. and so forth, I'm sure all that will play a little bit into what you're saying, but it's not, I think, right now at the heart of our commentary for the first quarter.
Michael Bayley: Yes. I think also -- just jumping on that as well. I mean we -- traditionally, our Q1 bookings tend to be closer in home market activity anyway. I mean it's not -- Q1 has never been a high international travel market for any of our brands or products. So typically, as you move into this -- the peak summer, that's when you really see a lot of people traveling across continents and what have you. It's lesser during the Q1 period on a traditional basis anyway.
Assia Georgieva: Thank you so much, Michael and Jason. Again, this has been very difficult, not only from a virus perspective but also from a regulatory perspective. So I appreciate the commentary.
Operator: And your final question is from Vince Ciepiel of Cleveland Research.
Vince Ciepiel: I wanted to -- big picture thinking about the longer-term opportunity for the business despite maybe some near-term noise and restart costs. But on the other side of all of this, it sounds like pricing is pretty good. I'm curious how you think about the margin opportunity, any learnings coming through COVID to make you more efficient. And then I think there's been some changes within the fleet that should improve efficiency as well. So how are you thinking about that opportunity?
Richard Fain: Well, I think -- I'm very pleased with the question because that's really where the opportunity lies. We tend to be very focused on the short term. And that's only appropriate in the 1.5 years that's been maniacally focused on the short term, on getting the ships back into service, on protocols, on regulation, et cetera. And I think your question is very focused on the same sort of thing we've begun to focus on as we come back.  So there are a series of things. The most important is to reestablish the credibility of cruising in the consumer's mind. And I think that you are seeing this happening nicely, and we're very optimistic about the direction that, that will go both for experienced cruisers and for new cruisers, and we need to develop both of those markets.  We're also seeing, as we normally do, a tremendous interest in the new ships that we have coming and the revitalization of ships that we've had. And we're seeing that in our forward bookings. We're seeing that in our ramping up. And many of the changes that we've made have enhanced our onboard revenue capabilities, et cetera.  And lastly, there's the operating efficiency. We spent a lot of time during this period focusing on ways that we can operate more efficiently, better use of technology, better cost control capabilities, better ability to generate onboard revenue and efficiencies from new technology. So all of those things are very much working in our favor. And we think, as we're looking forward, those will put us back on the trajectory that we were prior to the pandemic.
Jason Liberty: Okay. Thanks, Vince. Well, thank you for your assistance today, Shelby, with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and ongoing interest in the company. Michael will be available all day for any follow-ups you might have. And from all of us, we wish you a very great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Royal Caribbean Group Business Update and First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason Liberty: Thank you. Shelby. Good morning everybody and thank you for joining us today for our business update and first quarter earnings call. Joining me are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO, Royal, Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. This is actually Carola's last call with us as she is retiring. And I just want to sincerely thank her for all of her efforts and we all really wish her the very best with lots of love. So, thank you, Carola. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our investor website www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements which is on our first slide. During this call we will be making comments that are forward looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Richard will begin the call by providing a strategic overview of the business and update on the latest news from the CBC. I will follow up with a recap of our first quarter results and then I will then provide an update on our latest liquidity actions and on the current booking environment. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Jason, and thank you all for joining the call and thank you Carola for your help and consistent support over many years of Royal Caribbean. You all know, it's been painful to pass the 1-year mark since we suspended sailings in March of 2020 and to keep seeing most of our beautiful ship still sitting in anchor. However, I'd like to comment on some of the dramatic positive developments that we've just mentioned. The big change has been a significant improvement in the extent and the quality of our dialog with the CDC. As I have said elsewhere, scientific knowledge does not advance well in a vacuum. More and better exchange of information and more and better understanding of all the perspective always leads to a better and healthier outcome. The CDC has recently significantly increased its efforts in this regard and we really appreciate and we would like to - for undertaking this important effort. Last night the CDC issued multiple very constructive clarifications and the amplifications of this conditional sale order and addressed many of the items of concerns us in the order in a manner that takes into account the recent advances in vaccines and medical science. We believe that this communication really helps us to see a clear and achievable pathway forward to a safe and healthy cruising in the near future. But an important caveat is this is a very complex area and we only receive the letter last night. Furthermore, there are still a great many details to be provided in the future and others that need to be resolved. We need to be cautious about all of those. Nevertheless, we now have high hopes that these details can be resolved quickly. It could be possible to restart cruising by mid-July. I would also emphasize that the restart does not mean that we will immediately go in the full operation. While we are hopeful about restarting, that restart will be gradual and deliberate. Furthermore, our business books long in advance, so it take some time for the machinery to get back in the full swing but the weather is a very constructive part of this process and it indicates both the value of good communications, and indicates the CDC's desire to see cruise reopening in a safe and healthy manner. As I said before, we share a common goal in both the CDC and the cruise industry are determined to do this right. One of our strongest discussion points in these meetings with the CDC has been the data that we've collected from our Cruises in Asia and Europe. As mentioned earlier, we have successfully carried over 125,000 passengers with only 21 COVID-19 cases. 21? That's a positivity rate of 0.01% and as we've emphasized all of this has been experience without having the availability of vaccines. Our goal throughout this pandemic has been to make a cruise ship, where we can control the environment, safely to main street USA. We've already demonstrated our ability to do that and we are now eager to resume life as so many other businesses are doing and we are pleased with the CDC letter really does reflect an intention to treat us similarly to other industries in similar circumstance. In addition to this particularly positive development in the U.S., there are other activities going on. For example, last month, Odyssey of the Seas our newest quantum class ships joined the Royal Caribbean International fleet along with Celebrity Apex and Silversea, Silver Moon, we now have three brand new ships, each with the most amazing technology to ensure safety, security and of course unbelievable guest experiences. And there has been such demand for our current sailings for example from Singapore on Quantum of the Seas that we've extended our season there now till the end of October. And of course, we've also taken additional steps to strengthen our financial position even further and you're going to hear more about that from Jason. Before I describe all the energy we see and feel within the Group, I want to acknowledge once again the dedication and hard work of our people. It's always been our people who have made us successful and has been our people who have got through this past 13 months of living with COVID-19. Everyone has suffered during the pandemic, but working for cruise lines, is that a real test of endurance and trust and agility. Over and over our people have passed that test. I'd like to also thank our investors and our travel partners who have been the strongest advocates with our guests over these months of uncertainty. We're also grateful their commitment to work -- we're always grateful for their commitment to work with us. While a lot of what we're doing right now is directly to a healthy return to service. We're also focusing on all the constraints and our position in other areas including on ES&G environmental social and governmental responsibility. Of course this focus isn't new for us. From our partnership with the World Wildlife Fund to support the sustainable destinations, to active engagement on diversity inclusion to aggressive emission reduction, our commitment to progress on the ES&G agenda is long standing. But we believe strongly that it's not after reflecting what we have been doing, we need to get ready for what's next and plan for how we will meet the challenges of the future. You will hear more about this initiative in future calls but I want to take this opportunity to make you aware this intensified focus And with that, I'll turn the microphone back to Jason. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. Before I start like Richard, I want to again thank our teams across the whole enterprise for their dedication and tireless efforts during these unprecedented times. I will now start to discuss our first quarter performance. This morning we reported an adjusted net loss of $1.1 billion or $4.44 per share for the first quarter of 2021. While reporting these type of results continues to be painful, we are excited about the fact that little by little the flywheel is starting to spin. Furthermore, of the latest news by the CDC, as it relates to our resumption of service in the U.S. is quite encouraging. During the first quarter of 2021, we delivered memorable vacations to over 55,000 guests through our Royal Caribbean TUI Cruises International and Hapag-Lloyd brands. Moreover, our teams are diligently working on the health protocols and startup activities needed to begin operations on an additional 11 ships this summer. While these activities are extremely encouraging they also put some additional pressure on our cash burn in the short term. Having said this, we are also very encouraged by our customer deposit balance, which as of today is approximately $2 billion compared to the $1.8 billion that was shared this morning related to the end of the first quarter. Moreover, the latest balance reflects the reduction in deposits that related to the Azamara brand, which was sold just a few months ago, demonstrating an even larger improvement versus our December '20 our customer deposit balance. This improved balance has been disproportionate driven by new bookings versus the issuance of more FCC's. At this point approximately 45% of our customer deposit balance is associated with FCC's versus about 50% at the time of our last call. Now we’ll shift our remarks to our liquidity actions during the quarter. As you all know we pride ourselves on having industry leading brands with a world-class and highly innovative fleet and a history of strong financial discipline. These assets and attributes have been instrumental and helping us raise more than $12.3 billion in new capital since March of last year. During the first quarter of 2021 we continued our efforts to enhance our liquidity position and manage our maturity profile. To this end, we successfully executed two capital raises with cumulative gross proceeds of $3 billion. Connected to this we amended two debt facilities totaling approximately $2.5 billion, which were due in 2022 and extended the maturities for constructing lenders by 18 months. I will highlight that since we are refinancing guaranteed debt with unsecured and unguaranteed debt, we are starting our journey back to an unencumbered investment grade balance sheet. Altogether during this quarter, we paid down approximately $800 million of debt related to principal on the amended facilities in the U.K. commercial paper programs that was due in March. Now, as it pertains to the cash burn during the quarter, the average monthly cash burn was approximately $300 million, which was slightly higher in previously announced range. This was mainly driven by restart expenses which were related to the new health protocols and some crude movements. It is important to note that previously announced ranks does not include any expenses that related to the restarting of operations as it assumed a status of prolonged suspension of operations. When excluding the return to service expenses, our cash burn was in line with the previously announced range. Overall, we closed the first quarter with $5.8 billion in available liquidity. As I previously mentioned, we are very encouraged with the latest news, current momentum and the restart of operations around the globe but the environment remains extremely fluid and for this reason, we are not providing the cash burn estimate or the related offsets generated by revenue and new customer deposits that come from returning ships. I will highlight that the burn rate for the ships that are kept in layup is expected to be consistent with our previous expectations on a relative basis. Now, as it pertains to our debt maturities and in addition to the extensions of the 22 facilities that I previously mentioned, we also completed the amendment to our export credit facilities deferring $1.15 billion of principal amortization and waving financial covenants through at least the end of the third quarter of 2022. After all these negotiations our scheduled debt maturities for the remainder of 2021 and 2022 are $200 million and $2.2 billion respectively. I will now update you on our business outlook as I know this is top of mind for many and I'll start by providing an update on our summer capacity. Over the last two months we have announced a return to service for nine ships across our three global brand and have extended the Singapore season for Quantum of the Seas through the fall. These 176 sailings in the Caribbean, Europe and Asia now represent 19% of our fleet capacity for the summer season. Six of these ships will sail in Europe offering Greek isles in U.K. itineraries to guests from the U.S., the U.K., Israel and Europe. These guests will have the opportunity to experience our three newer ships Odyssey of the Seas Celebrity Apex and the Silver Moon for the first time ever. In addition, three ships will cater to the U.S. market offering Caribbean itineraries departing from NASA, St. Martin and Bermuda. Many of these sailings will call on our amazing private Island Perfect Day at CocoCay. On top of this, Quantum of the Seas will continue to offer Cruises from Singapore for the local market. Now regarding two Cruises our JV, they have announced two additional ships sailing this summer in addition to three vessels that have been operating out of the Canary Islands since this past November. We look forward to announcing the return of additional ship's unit and remain committed to a safe, thoughtful and financially sensible resumption of cruising across the entire fleet. Now, I will provide an update on - our bookings. When we open the first set of sailings for Quantum of the Seas in October of 2020 we immediately saw the pent-up demand for cruising in Singapore. Because of that we hoped and expected that the same would be true in other markets and these expectations were confirmed when we launched our new deployment. We have been very pleased with booking levels and pricing for sailings in both Europe and the Caribbean and as a result, our load factors and revenues are building up nicely. After less than three weeks of sales for more ships, we already have about 30% of our expected revenue booked for June through September sales. We expect to start our initial operations with lower load factors and ramp up gradually over time. On our last earnings call, I shared that we received 30% more bookings in January when compared to November and December. Despite a mimic sales and marketing activities, demand continue to accelerate and new bookings in March exceeded January and February levels by approximately 80%. In addition to new bookings, guests continue to utilize FCC's and take advantage of the Lift & Shift program. Now overall, the booking activity for the second half of 2021 is in line with our anticipated resumption of cruising and pricing on these bookings is higher than 2019 both including and excluding the dilutive impact of future cruise credits. Regarding 2022 sailings, it is still early in the booking window to provide too much detail, but I will share that our book load factors for the first half of 2022 remains within historical ranges and pricing on book business is up nicely versus 2019. When including the dilutionary impact of the FCC's as well. While a portion of this improvement is related to our new ships pricing is also up for the existing fleet. I will close by saying that we are prepared and eager for the flywheel start turning again. We feel very optimistic about our future and are thrilled to see more and more guests around the globe enjoying incredible vacations onboard our ships. With that, I will ask Shelby to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: Have a question about the restart obviously great news - just trying to understand it is [technical difficulty] you can go forward [technical difficulty] and then there is a separate timeline for restarting with the ship that allows non vaccinated passengers out of the U.S., it seems that way, but I just wanted to kind of get clarification on that? And then just as my follow-up would be on the return to service expenses versus just typical layup, how much if you - if we think about per month lay-up cost per ship, and then what is that with restart costs for maybe that sort of monthly three months, say, heading into restart, what the difference is in lay-up versus lay-up and restart? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: So Robin, on the first question, which I'm sure is an amazing question, I don't think we got most of it. It broke up about 50% of it. So we actually didn't actually hear what you asked. I'll just comment real quick as it relates to - on the cost side, and then you can re-ask the first part of your question. Yes, we really have tuned in our lay-up costs. And of course, we've kept our ships generally in a warm state. So that as we restarted our ships, we would be able to do that expeditiously and at a reasonable cost. But as it relates to the return to service as we ramp the ships back up, those costs are still kind of very fluid, which is why we're not guiding on them as we need to take into consideration testing and crude movement and vaccinations and maybe other things that might be part of that equation. That might be different itinerary by itinerary. So we're not yet ready to kind of guide on that. What I would tell you is we are being very - we're very focused to make sure that, that as we're spending, that we're being very thoughtful about it. And of course, at the same time, as we're launching these ships, we're also getting the revenues and customer deposits that are associated with that. So I'll just pause there and let you ask the first part of your question, so we can hear it and hopefully give you a thoughtful answer.
Robin Farley: Great. Well, hopefully, you can hear me a little bit better. On the first question, I just wanted to understand, obviously, very good news overnight. For the time frame, is it that there will be kind of two different restart time frames that you can today go forward with a fully vaccinated ship out of the U.S., but there will be a separate time frame for ships that have a mix of vaccinated and unvaccinated passengers, is that how to interpret the timing? Thanks.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Robin. It's Michael. As Richard commented, we received these modifications in commentary late yesterday evening. And we've gotten close to the CDC to clarify some of the comments and what have you. But fundamentally, yes, you're correct. There will be really two pathways. One pathway for vaccinated crew and largely vaccinated guests that meet the threshold that they've defined. And that would mean that there wouldn't be a requirement for a simulated voyage, et cetera, and there would be a different expectation on protocols and planning. So it's a faster route. And then for ships that wouldn't have - wouldn't meet that threshold for whatever reason, there would be a different timeline and a different set of protocols and requirements. So fundamentally, there's two path ways. It's not that simple, but that's a way of simplifying.
Richard Fain: And I think we need to make clear that - reemphasize, as Michael just did. There's still a lot of uncertainty about this. And I don't think you should think of these as two completely divergent processes. Obviously, just as there are in other areas in society, you treat people who have been vaccinated different than situations where you don't have vaccinations. But what is nice about this is that there are, in effect, both are viable pathways under the CDC letter that we got.
Jason Liberty: And I think just to add to that, I think the acknowledgment that the vaccines are really transformational is very exceedingly helpful. I mean it's something we all knew was coming, but it's very positive.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski: So my first question is going to be a bunch of CDC questions that hopefully - I don't know if you're going to be able to answer - you won't be able to. But it's a three-part question, so prepare yourself for some fun here. When you look at the mandates that have been laid out. I mean, calling for 98% of crew and 95% of passengers to be vaccinated, do you - I mean, the first question is, do you think getting to those thresholds will be easy to achieve? The second part of that is going to be the kid component. How are kids accounted for under those percentages? And if I'm reading that right, it seems like getting kids on board might be difficult during the CSO time frame. And then the third part of this is, do you think the CDC's cautionary travel outlook for the Bahamas could cause some panic with your potential customer base?
Michael Bayley: Steve, so on the 98%, 95% mandate or guidelines - and remember, it's a guideline. So there's - you can meet that threshold, and you don't have to meet that threshold, and there's different pathway. We know from surveys of our customers who've been booking since January, that over 80% of our customers have already told us, they're either vaccinated or will be vaccinated when they cruise. So that's since January. So there's an overwhelming, certainly for our customer base, people are just saying, I'm getting vaccinated. And as you skew older, the percentage increases quite significantly. Mainly because, of course, when the vaccination started, it started with the older age group first, et cetera, et cetera. For the crew, interestingly, every year, we offer - we don't mandate flu vaccines for our crew members, and we've been doing that for many, many years. And the crew, typically, the vaccination rates of our crew members for flu is around the mid-90%. They just voluntarily take the vaccine. We surveyed our crew some months ago, and we stay in touch with the crew through surveys and various forms of communication. And in the survey that we sent out, I'm going to say it was at the end of last year or the beginning of this year, we asked our crew members, first of all, "Have you been vaccinated? Are you getting vaccinated? And will you get vaccinated?" And we had over 98% positive response from our crew saying, "Yes, we're going to get vaccinated." So I think there's just - I think it's somewhat a natural event. Crew used to getting vaccinated for flu, and they're certainly willing to get vaccinated for COVID. We do understand for health or religious reasons or belief reasons that some people won't want to, and that's been in place for many years in terms of how we vaccinate for flu. On the kids, I think we obviously take a look at our kid count, kid population and what have you. We think this is the next phase. And we know that the vaccinations are now eligible for children, 16 and over. We've been told that in the coming weeks and months that that age limit will likely drop to 12, and we're encouraged by that. And then for kids 11 and under, obviously, we carry a lot of kids 11 and under. But relatively speaking, as a percentage of our total guest count, it's quite a small number. So we're not overly concerned with that. And again, as Richard pointed out, we received these modifications late last night. We really do have to sit, study and discuss with the CDC and understand all of these different nuances. But we're not discouraged by this in anyway.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got you.
Richard Fain: And Steve, just - I think we ought to make it clear that we've been operating and have announced cruises, some of which are requiring full vaccination and some of which do not. And so, I think we consider it constructive that the CDC has looked at this with a dual pathway approach, much as we have taken.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then second question, Jason. If the timeline is correct here, and you can start North American cruising sometime over the next couple of months. And from there, you continue to bring ships back online over an extended period of time. The question is, do you feel like your current liquidity position is adequate at this point, meaning you feel comfortable enough with where you guys sit today?
Jason Liberty: I think we feel like we are in a very strong liquidity position and we're booked the real focus here is getting the ships back on the water and of course as that's occurring at the same time, the customer deposits in revenues and so forth start coming in. So I think we feel very good and of course, we're also remaining to be opportunistic and looking at ways to improve our balance sheet and negative carry and so forth. So, but overall, Steve, I think we feel like we've taken a very prudent actions to make sure that we're in a position of shrink.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jaime Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime Katz: I'm curious if you have any comments on consideration of the sale of anymore of the fleet or whether you feel the fleets is good as is given there have been so many these deals across the industry scrap across the industry recently. And then, if you comment on the percentage of workforce that you're getting from India and then how that might constrain the ability to staff the ship sufficiently going forward now that there is some sort of overlaying constraint on it. That would be really helpful? Thanks.
Richard Fain: Yes, sure. Jamie. I'll take the first one and then allow Michael will do the mix in terms of crew from India. But as it relates to our fleet even for some of the ships that we've sold, the way that we kind of approached this always is just understanding whether a ship is a good fit for the brand or still good fit for the brand or if we can invest in our ship to make sure it's a good fit for the brand, and if not, we look in and we're opportunistic about this, but I think we've scrap some ships, we've sold some ships. We typically sell about a ship a year. But overall, we feel really good about the fleet and as you've heard us say in the past, these ships are really always cash flow positive. And so for us to part ways with them, but it has to be convinced it's the right strategic reason for us to do so.
Michael Bayley: And Jamie. On the cruise situation in particularly as it relates to India. Yes, I mean this is an unfortunate what's occurring in India over the past week or so. There has been multiple travel restrictions placed on the Indians with traveling through to various countries and what have you so we did temporarily suspend our crewing activities in India as we understand how this will work out. The beauty, of course of accruing model is that almost from the very beginning we accrude from literally over 100 countries around the world up. Some countries like India have significant volume of employees who come from India, but we have large populations to come from many other countries around the world. So we are obviously super sympathetic about what's happening in India because we do have many loyal employees who've been with us for many, many years, but we obviously pretty confident this will work out in the coming months and we have the ability to crew and change of accruing based upon all the circumstances. So discouraging what's occurring in India, but our model is very robust. So we're encouraged by the model that we have.
Operator: Your next question is from Brandt Montour of JPMorgan.
Brandt Montour: Hi, good morning everyone and thanks for taking my questions. And obviously, I saw positive news today back on the say one more on the CDC, if I may. With the CSO still in place outside, let's say, outside of what we've talked about so far the vaccination specific boggie. What was the biggest change or the biggest changes overnight for you? And does this change your best guess for the ultimate capacity you think you'll have sailing at the end of this summer versus say, what you saw 24 hours ago?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Brandt. As Richard commented in his opening statement, what really - first of all, we've been in very constructive dialog with the CDC over the past few weeks and beyond the CDC with the inter-governmental agency group that representing many different departments of the government, and I think that dialog allowed the industry to talk realistically about many of the elements of the CSO that which is unrealistic or unable to be executed with but crafted. What we saw last night was very encouraging because it wasn't one or two things. It was multiple additions and corrections to many of the elements of the existing CSO that was the really challenging and very, very difficult particularly as it relates to what's occurring with vaccine. So I think the mood of the Royal Caribbean last night and late into the night. And then just speaking also for some of our industry colleagues with simply positive that all of this dialog that was constructive that resulted in clearly being heard and so I wouldn't say there's any one thing that's just many, many things. But certainly the vaccines are the major foundational game change in element of this. Thank you Brandt.
Brandt Montour: Okay, that's helpful. Just a quick follow-up on sort of how you're thinking about occupancy and load, Jason, you mentioned that sort of bookings and to-date for the summer sailings are around sort of 30% of expected revenue. Is that that's sort just to clarify, that's not of what your total capacity would be on those sailings that's just of what your target load would be and then if I and then sort of a second part of that would be sort of what do you think the range of that target is for in vaccination sailings so reconcile that with what you're doing in Singapore and non-vaccination sailings and that's it for me?
Jason Liberty: Yes, what it is or the statement was really relating to what we expected it to be and of course hopefully most of these sailings we've negotiated or we've had conversations in terms of what those load factors would start off being and so we've been very kind of thoughtful about what our expectations are going to be whether we're turning in the Bahamas or whether we're turning in Israel and so forth. So I think obviously we saw a lot of encouraging news here from the CDC. But the sailings in which we've announced are really pursuing that take place outside of the U.S. in boards. But all that this is as Michael and Richard will talk about. This is an evolving story. And if, as long as we can continue to believe that we can operate in a safe manner, making sure our guests have an incredible experience and we can do that in a way that it is improving our financial position that those are the kind of three guiding lights that are, guarding our diligent decisions
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: I guess turning to ship growth and capacity increases. What is a reasonable range of net capacity growth, as we look over the next couple of years and I guess have any of the dispositions effectively been pull forward of future retirement. So we should expect maybe last going forward?
Michael Bayley: Well, I think first overall industry-wide as I commented on the last call, where the growth rate, which was probably around 6% is probably going to be around 4%. So you're going to see less growth there. I think for us, our planned capacity growth is, it's kind of laid out as it relates to the ships that are coming online. Again, I wouldn't focus too much on the retirement story, because for us, we continue to just be thoughtful and be opportunistic about the opportunity to introduce into to sell ships, if that opportunity arises, but for the most part, I think we feel the fleet that we have today and the new ships that are coming online in that cadence is how we would expect our business to grow and there might be some retirements. I wouldn't say it's an accelerated retirement program based off of what we've done. I would just say we plan to kind of operate our business and manage our fleet and invest in our fleet. How we've done it on a pre-COVID basis.
Stephen Grambling: And perhaps a related follow-up may be appears excited basically cost improvements and efficiency improvements from the mix of new ships and/or changes in the cost structure. Can you give us any color on how you see that the mix of new ships impacting net yield and net cruise costs or any big buckets of opportunity for permanent changes in how you operate?
Michael Bayley: Yes, well, I mean, I think we've also talked about this and we talked about quite a bit on the last call is - so obviously as the new capacity comes on, they are more efficient, especially on a fuel standpoint. And they also generate a much higher yield profile because of the inventory mix onboard revenue opportunities that come along with our new capacity, but during this time, we have looked at our cost structure, we have taken action on our cost structure to ensure that as we come out of this I think I use the term in our wedding weight and so we've identified and we've implemented and we are implementing several cost actions in order to improve our margins. And then also, I would just add, at the same time we want to make sure that the guest experience is protected, the employee experience is protected. And so a lot of this comes through with automation and that's just coordinating better enterprise wide to make a better margin decisions.
Stephen Grambling: Just one quick follow-up and I guess between the vaccine only type Cruises and then those that are more open. Are you seeing any differences in the cost structure between those two as you think about just kind of dual approach potentially can CDC?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Steven, it's Michael. Yes, I mean there is a different cost profile, but again we need a little bit of time to work our way through this, but there is more protocols with non-vaccines and with vaccine and there is more testing requirements and what have you so. There will be slightly more cost, but we really do need to work our way through that and I think there's a lot of averaging and scale. So the great news is our teams in it looking down and we're looking at all of this and trying to understand it and plan. So I think we'll have more clarity in the coming days and weeks.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Golding of Macquarie.
Paul Golding: Thanks so much for the question. I was wondering, I saw that for 2021 you cited a 75% new booking rate as opposed to 25% FCC and I guess, I was wondering if there was something I don't know if you've given 2022 mix number, but is there something structural there in the near to medium term around marketing you're able to, maybe take some savings there as demand seems to be strong, despite low levels of marketing? And then my second question is around Caribbean homeport versus U.S. homeport. I was wondering if there is anything structural about it for whatever reason you decided the season wasn't the one for robust U.S. homeport setup. Are there savings or are there structural costs that outpaced what the U.S. home port itinerary mix would look like? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So on the first one as it as it relates to the bookings that are coming in the profile of new bookings versus the application of FCC's is really kind of a broader commentary around the bookings that we've been taking on 2022. We see a very similar profile where you about - around that percentage is also for our new bookings versus the application. Again it's really early days, I think to try to kind of piece those types of stats will result in some type of sales and marketing savings and time will tell what's clear to us if there is really strong demand and really some activity on the marketing side is able to generate the demand, which is I think very encouraging for us overall. And then I think on the cost side as it relates to turning in different ports around the world. there is always different port fees vaccinations, testing and so forth, can all kinds of play in the mix of it, but I think for the most part, it's not really a cost differential. I think, it's more about our ability to get our passengers to those locations turn of those locations and then deliver four classification experiences.
Paul Golding: Great, thanks so much.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Paul. Just one comment on sales and marketing. We always internally-based, what was going to happen with wave in ‘21 understanding we wouldn't really obviously have a wave as we've historically used to having a wave, and normally wave starts sometime into the second or so week of January and then run through February, peaking and then dropping off in March. And we certainly didn't get a wave this year. But then in March of this year, we had a really strong March and so we looked at the volume of bookings that came in March of this year and we compared it with wave in 2019, which was our last real wave period. And our bookings in March of this year equaled peak wave month in ‘19. So that was, I mean that was quite an amazing number, so we started to see wave coming in March instead of January and certainly the volume was impressive. But to the point of this is, that ironically, marketing and sales investment during that month was way below what we invested in 2019. So I mean it's an interesting fact that we had so much demand with very little investment, which I think speaks to what we're seeing and believe is occurring in the market with pent-up demand. I mean we know that - we've been told savings rate in the U.S. with U.S. consumers increased by 2.5 trillion. The credit card debts, down by $100 billion and our surveys tell us that the consumer is increasingly optimistic about the future, that the worst is behind them that they are going to go on a vacation. And so I think that one statistic for March, we interpret is incredibly positive and speaks about what we think is going to be amazing pent up demand that's going to be unleashed particularly for '22.
Paul Golding: Thanks for the color that I think obvious my point or my question around that is that it seems like the consumer is seeking out the experience and so I wondered if there was some medium-term efficiency there, but I appreciate the color on the volumes on the bookings line. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from Greg Badishkanian of Wolfe Research.
Frederick Wightman: Hi guys, it's actually Fred Wightman on for Greg. I just wanted to follow up on Michael's comments just now on the bookings in March, totally get that it's sequentially stronger than January, February in the 2019 commentary was super helpful. Have you seen a change in the SKU about where those bookings are taking place as far as 2021 versus 2022 more recently, just given some of the improving dialogs with the CDC and what do you think that means for the prospects of a potential July restart here domestically?
Michael Bayley: Well, over the past few weeks we've introduced multiple products home porting outside of the U.S. in the Caribbean, which we've spoken about and the demand for those products is been quite robust. I mean we are quite pleased with the demand that we've seen for those products. And certainly we see things moving into ‘22, which is natural. We're heading into June and June traditionally is the month were bookings tend to heavily SKU more towards the next year rather than the current year. And then that certainly holding true for from what we're seeing.
Richard Fain: Yes. And I think just to just add a couple of comments to it. As we commented a little bit earlier obviously the booking activity is skewing a little bit older, and what you would expect because of the vaccination comments in terms of the percentage of our guests that say they've either have been vaccinated or they plan on getting vaccinated. 2022 especially out of the North American markets, the U.K. markets and so forth, book actually pretty similar to what you would see in a typical year while the 2021 bookings obviously have more recently have gravitated to the sailings that we have announced you had at the Bahamas, and Israel and so forth. So it's, I think it's very clear as Michael said, people are thinking that the worst is behind. There's a lot of these different statistics as it relates to our credit card debt, and savings and people's propensity to get back out there and in vacation and I think 2022 so far looks like it's behaving like we saw pre COVID.
Frederick Wightman: That's helpful. And the release sort of teases the prospect of return to Alaska this year. I'm wondering if you could just touch on the mechanics for that, how realistic that might be and then what the next steps or clarifications that you might need to hear to make that happen would be?
Jason Liberty: Yes. So that's a slightly complex one specifically with respect to Alaska because of course Canada has put in place a stop until throughout the season. And so in order to restart the Alaska season. We review it need a waiver from the passenger vessel services or Canada would have to allow at least technical stops. And we are working on both and others are working on both. But we can't be surely where that will end up. But I think given the momentum there is reason for some hope, but I think we're – that's a sufficiently complex and confusing situation. I don't think we're going to put odds on one way or the other. I also think we need to be just a little bit careful when we're talking about reading into these bookings. There are still a lot of issues and have yet to be resolved with respect to the CDC existing order. The bookings that have taken place have been in a period of high uncertainty, are these cruises going to be sailing, will they go where they want. What will be the protocol? So there is a lot of uncertainty. And while we try and read a lot into it and the one thing that I think we are feeling comfortable at which is the reason lot of pent-up demand. There is too many fluid factors I think to read too much in the some of the specifics of what is this particularly 2022. I think it's all terrible encouraging for 2023 and it's very encouraging to 2022, but the specifics of each of these is going to be difficult to read into until things calm down and there is much more certainty about where it's leading to. But as to Alaska, I think specifically while we're optimistic and we are working to make that happen with all these other factors. We do think that we will be in time for the Alaskan season and we're obviously hopeful that we'll be able to solve the issue with Canada in either in one of these two ways.
Operator: Your next question is from Patrick Scholes of Truist Securities.
Patrick Scholes: Question, it appears that the next step that the CDC is looking for is to complete Phase 2A in your opinion, what's the realistic timeline at this moment in which you think you could complete Phase 2A?
Michael Bayley: Hi Patrick, I can't give you like a week, so firmly weeks and days. I think again as we understood and interpret what we received last night if you're planning on a highly vaccinated cruise there will be no requirement for a simulated voyage and the previous 30-day notification and process for simulation. And then the subsequent 60-day for notification in the process for your first actual revenue sailing is effectively been removed. And so, a highly vaccinated cruise can literally as soon as you have your port plan ready and everything lined up. You can submit your request to cruise and they will try their best to get your response within five days. So you can see that the timeline and the process has improved quite significantly. So, I think there is the process of accruing the ship obviously, and then the vaccination process. So, I think the target that's been stated and that we've all been working towards is a mid July, and I think that after what we received last night is looking very realistic. But again to Rich's [ph] we still got a lot to clarify, but I think this commitment to mid July is looking very realistic based upon what we saw last night.
Operator: Our final question...
Michael Bayley: So we have time, yes final question yes that’s will be great.
Operator: Your final question is from Vince Ciepiel of Cleveland Research.
Vince Ciepiel: Hi, thanks for taking my question, curious if there are some factors we should keep in mind that would make 2022 yield, maybe not as comparable to 2019, just in light of pricing being ahead, it sounds good you had mentioned that new capacity should maybe be a bit of a tailwind. But are there any offsets from a mix perspective or the itineraries that you might be running in 2022 versus 2019 or even getting back to those peak 107% or 108% occupancy levels that might impact the comparability of the 2022 yields to 2019 yield?
Michael Bayley: I think it's really too early to kind of timing. Structurally, the additional capacity as I was getting rid of some of our older tonnage in negative is the sale Azamara which is a higher yielding brand versus the average, but for the most part, I think it really kind of depends on how the business builds going into next year as Michael said really as we start getting here into the early part of the summer is really in 2022 really begin to build up, but there is not necessarily something structurally as to the fleet or deployment that's going to make a significant change on 2022.
Vince Ciepiel: And as a follow-up Richard mentioned, the uncertainty and severity of the situation, and I think when you look at your deposits, they've been stable for a number of quarter at 1.8 billion, but still a ways away from that 3.4 they were at one point. So curious what you think it takes for those to rebuild, it seems like that's a key part of helping to delever a bit as well, and if there is a path for that kind of in the second half of this year as confidence hopefully returns and the booking curve lengthens a bit.
Michael Bayley: Yes, I mean I think first of it's been stable now for several quarters, it's now building and it's building because where are - we're able to provide clarity on ships and deployments that are coming back up into service, and so I think the consumer is gaining confidence, but I think they're looking for us for clarity on exactly which ships are going to be coming up and when so, that they can plan and count on their vacation experience and I think as obviously a lot of this is beginning to - in terms of some of the barriers are beginning to evaporate that confidence is building and hopefully soon we move back to those level on a customer deposit standpoint.
Richard Fain: So, thanks Vince. Thank you all for your assistance today Shelby with the call, and we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available all day today for any follow-up questions you might have, and as always we wish everybody a great day and please stay healthy.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Group's Business Update and Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce; Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us today for our business update and fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me are; Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which have been posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow-up with a recap of our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results. I will then provide an update on our latest liquidity action and on the booking environment. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thanks, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Even though it's late February, I still want to say Happy New Year because I expect that this year will be so much better in so many ways than the last year. At the same time, it's hard to believe that we're only seven weeks into 2021 because so much has already happened. It's been very intense in the last 1.5 months. And because things are happening so quickly, I think it's a good time to take a moment to review what we, at the Royal Caribbean Group, have been doing over the past year to adjust to the realities of the pandemic in the United States and wherever we sail and wherever we operate around the world. As we've summarized on Slide 2, 2020 was an unprecedented year in which our teams took on and accomplished actions that were unthinkable just 12 months ago. I think that there was not one job that stayed the same. In a few months, our teams moved our whole fleet into layup, repatriated more than 45,000 crew members to their hundreds of home countries, restructured our workforce, implemented new credit programs for our guests, took care of our travel agents, and raised billions of dollars in new capital all while working from home. It's been incredibly challenging, but everybody seemed to raise to the occasion. Now, the most important point to keep in mind is that, while most of our ships are still sitting idle and while we suspended most of our global operations through April -- at least through April, our company has also been moving ahead to create the conditions and to prepare for a healthy return to sailing. As we continue to navigate this crisis, we've made continued progress on many fronts, as noted on Slide 3. I want to especially speak about how we're engaging with various stakeholders, particularly governments and other actors in the travel industry to ensure that we can ramp up and restart quickly. I'll let Jason talk about the initiatives that we've taken on the finance side. First, let me recall what we've accomplished with our Healthy Sail Panel, for medical, public health, maritime, biosecurity, and other experts. We've taken their 74 recommendations for a healthy return to service as the basis for over 2,000 separate protocols from passenger testing before sailing to physical distancing on board to disembarkation of COVID symptomatic persons. All of these things will give our guests, our crew, and the destinations the confidence that the environment on the Royal Caribbean, Celebrity, Silversea, or TUI Ship is safer than a walk down Main Street. We know that we not only need to provide an environment that protects our guests from COVID, but also works to protect all of our people from having their vacations disrupted due to an isolated case. At the same time, we have to recognize that the panel's recommendations were intended to address a pre-vaccine environment. A lot has occurred over the last four months since their report was submitted, not the least of which is that we're regularly vaccinating over 1.5 million people a day here in the United States and many elsewhere as well. And so, we continue to work with the panel led by Governor, Mike Leven and Dr. Scott Gottlieb, to identify the safest pathway forward in the new post-vaccine environment when we can protect our guests and crew as never before. And these conversations and the conclusions we draw from them will inform and advance our dialog with governments around the world, including the CDC under its new leadership. At the same time, I believe strongly in the power of positive example. And in Singapore, we have a good one on how we can safely resume cruising while giving our guests the fun filled experience they expect. We've been operating there since early December, and even before that we've had successful operations, which continue now in Germany and Canary Islands, Greece, and in the Middle East. These early return to service not only provide vacations, but they provide an opportunity to demonstrate proof-of-concept as well. These early cruises provide valuable information about the best way to design and implement our health and safety protocols. They provide important learnings on how we can coordinate most effectively with governments, port authorities, travel partners and others to protect our guests, crew, and destinations we visit. These early cruises have also given us the opportunity to design new attractive itineraries where we can better control the experience. Now after 11 months of pandemic, I think we all know that COVID fatigue is real. People are clamoring for the opportunity to have experience outside their homes. Every day, we see signs of people wanting to get out and get away. And once we're able to reopen and restart more broadly, we'll be ready to respond with our best-in-class hardware, including our new buildings, Odyssey of the Seas, Celebrity Apex, and Silver Moon and our exclusive private destinations like Perfect Day at CocoCay. Before I hand off to Jason, I do want to brag on our team just a little bit. Again, the dedication, commitment, and the integrity of our employees throughout this very difficult period has been exceptional, and their individual and combined contributions have been extraordinary. I am impressed every day by what they do. I also want to give a shout out to our loyal and committed travel partners for their ongoing support and to our investors for their trust. So, thank you all. And now I'd like to turn it back over to Jason. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Great. Thank you, Richard. This morning, we reported an adjusted net loss of $1.1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2020 and a $3.9 billion for the full year. Due to the suspension of our global operations, we were able to operate only 20% of the revenue cruises initially expected in our February 2020 guidance. This simple stat reflects the staggering impact that the pandemic brought to our company and the whole industry during 2020. In the fourth quarter, we were able to reduce our quarterly cruise operating expenses by more than 80% from $1.5 billion in Q4 of 2019 to $265 million in Q4 of 2020. We achieved this by expeditiously laying up our fleet and becoming extremely diligent, disciplined, and agile in controlling our costs. Something similar can be said about our general CapEx, which were reduced by approximately 55% between 2020 and 2021. I am incredibly grateful of the efforts from the entire corporation in managing through the toughest year in our history. From a financial standpoint, our top priority remains ensuring that we are in a strong liquidity position. While reducing our cash burn was and still is critical, another crucial liquidity action is accessing capital prudently and opportunistically while also managing our liabilities and our banking partners with our banking partners and export credit agencies. Since we suspended our global cruise operations, we have raised about $9.3 billion in new capital and have secured agreements to defer almost $2 billion of ship-related debt through the spring of 2022. These later efforts are reducing our expected debt maturities for 2021 to approximately $400 million. These successful transactions and negotiations were possible due to the strength of our brands, the relevancy of our product, and the great relationships that were built during decades of collaborative work with banks, shipyards and vendors. I also want to highlight that this superb outcome was a huge undertaking executed by our amazing finance, legal and accounting teams. Now regarding our current liquidity position, we closed – we closed 2020 fiscal year with $4.4 billion in available liquidity. We remain focused on further improving this position, while also managing our operating and capital expenditures to ensure that our family of brands are well positioned for the return to serve. I will stress that as we return to service and stabilize our operations, our cash flow will be primarily driven – our cash will be the primary driver to delever our balance sheet, return to investment-grade and create great shareholder value. As it pertains to our cash spend for the fourth quarter – or during the fourth quarter, we spent approximately $1.3 billion, which includes the payment of approximately $300 million of bond that matured in November and approximately $180 million from collateral postings, commissions and financing fees. When excluding these, our average cash earn rate was on the lower end of our previously announced range, driven by the phenomenal diligence of our teams and some timing. Furthermore, this morning, we reaffirmed that the cash burn will be on average in the range of approximately $250 million to $290 million per month doing a prolonged suspension of operations. Over the last year, we have executed several measures to structurally reduce our cost base, realign our capital allocation and improve our scale and margins. Besides reducing our G&A expenses and streamlining procurement efforts, we successfully divested three of our oldest ships and entered into a definitive agreement to sell our Azamara brand. Reshaping our fleet efficiency and the corporation cost structure will help accelerate our margins by improving our operating leverage as we return to service. I will highlight that when we return to service and start to rev up our sales, we expect that customer deposits and cash flows from operations will further improve our cash position. At the same time, ramping up our business will also include start-up costs that relate to accruing our ships, health and safety protocols and increased sales and marketing activities. Because the environment is still very fluid, we are not able to provide further guidance or commentary on these figures. I will now provide an update on the booking environment and our capacity. While bookings remain below historical levels, we have been constantly impressed and humbled with a number of cruises booked throughout this extended out-of-service period. It's clear that a lot of people want to cruise. And we can't wait to welcome them back on board, our amazing brands and ships. Clearly, 2021 is not going to be a traditional year. And to this end, we did not plan for a traditional wave season. And therefore, our sales and marketing activities still remain anemic and extremely strategic. Currently, we don't expect to broadly ramp up our marketing until more ships come back into operation. Despite the lack of marketing spend, we have seen a 30% increase in new bookings since the beginning of the year when compared to November and December. Our Lift & Shift in Future Cruise Credit programs have been very successful in both preserving cash and driving demand for future periods. Having said this, I will highlight that from a cumulative standpoint almost 75% of our book business is new and not related to rebooking activities. The cumulative book position for sailings in the second half of 2021 is aligned with our expectations in terms of resumption of cruising with pricing higher than 2019, both including and excluding the dilutive impact of future cruise credits. It is probably too early in the booking window to talk too much about 2022, but behavior to date is quite similar to booking activities in previous years. Our book position for the first half of 2022 is within historical ranges at higher average prices. As I noted, we are not expecting a traditional wave season. However, we did see a similar increase in 2022 bookings over the past six weeks to increases seen in prior years. We think that this is a very encouraging stat given our muted sales and marketing efforts. Regarding our deployment, we are not ready to announce any specific surrounding the cadence with which we will be bringing our fleet back into service. Currently, we have canceled sailings on most of our ships through the end of April. Our brands operate in multiple markets around the globe therefore, the timing and pace of the ramp-up in capacity will likely vary by region based on local conditions. We are already operating Quantum of the Seas in Singapore, and our second shift in the water could also be outside of the US. We're also using the learnings from Singapore as well as from our TUI Cruises joint venture. Who has had ship sailing in Europe and the Canary Islands since August and November, which is helping us inform on how the ships will return to service. Our customer deposit balance at the end of December 2020 was $1.8 billion. This is relatively equal to the balances reported both at the end of September and at the end of June. We were able to maintain a similar customer deposit balance for six months despite the suspension of approximately 1,100 sailings because of the deposits collected on new bookings and the success of our future crews certificates and Lift & Shift options. Just over half the guests who booked -- who were booked on canceled sailings have requested a cash refund, with the other half either holding an FCC or lifting and shifting their booking to our future crews. Also, approximately half of our customer deposit balance is associated with FCCs, and moreover, about 30% of the overall balance is nonrefundable. As it pertains to our expectations for 2021, I will note that the timing and trajectory of the recovery remains uncertain, and we are, therefore, unable to provide further guidance for the year. We do expect, however, to incur a net loss on both the US GAAP and an adjusted basis for the first quarter and the full year of 2021. The magnitude of the loss will depend on many factors, including the timing and extent of our return to service. I will close my remarks by saying that we are clearly focused on what we can control. But as the vaccine distribution continues to accelerate, travel restrictions and advisories begin to ease and customer confidence begins to grow, we feel very optimistic about the future. With that, I will ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session. Shelby?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you for taking the question. I know it's very difficult to get any visibility on the timing of a restart. I wonder if you could tell us, when you mentioned your fuel hedges, you talked about you're adjusting it for forecasted fuel consumption. I wonder if you could kind of tell us what you're roughly thinking about for your fuel consumption as a way to sort of help us think about what that would look like versus a normal year? And then also specifically sort of related to Alaska, too. I'm wondering if your fuel consumption assumption is for that market, too? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Well, thanks, Robin. And by the way, that's a very interesting angle in trying to get us to provide how many ships are we expecting to have up and running on the water, So, on the fuel consumption side, just like everything else, it's very fluid, and it will be based off of the timing on when we go back into service. So, I don't have a specific number to guide you to, but it was a creative way to ask it, but we are – we'll disclose that as we know what the deployment will look like specifically and the ships that will come up and running.
Robin Farley: Okay. All right. Maybe then just as a follow-up, since I don't get my first one. Just a clarification. In the release, when you talked about second half of 2021 pricing, you said it's higher than 2019. And I just wanted to clarify was that higher than second half of 2019? It doesn't specifically say that or did you just mean higher than 2019 overall, because obviously, it has a little bit of a different meaning?
Jason Liberty: Yes. We were specific around the overall 2019, but it's a similar answer for the back half of 2019.
Robin Farley: So in other words, second half 2021 pricing is above second half 2019, specifically both with and without the future cruise credit?
Jason Liberty: That's correct.
Robin Farley: Okay. Because that's an improvement, I think, since your last quarterly call. So okay, great. I will...
Jason Liberty: Yes, a little bit more. But I mean, we're very – as we said before, I mean, we are – there is clear demand. And as we look at 2021, based off of the different scenarios we have in terms of resumption of service, the volumes that we see on a demand standpoint are -- I mean, in our perspective are impressive.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. And I'll hop back in line as I got more questions. But I'll get back in line. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: Yeah hey guys. Good morning. So Jason, I guess first question would be around the first half 2022 booking commentary. I'm not sure of the right way to ask this question, but can you help us think about how much of your first half 2022 inventory is currently open for sale? And I don't know if that is 100% or its 50% or whatever that number is. But I'm trying to really understand that pricing comparison relative to 2019? I think there's some confusion out there with investors about what that looks like actually on a pure like-for-like basis, and hopefully that makes sense?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Well, most of our deployment is open for the first half of 2022. Now, it is very early here in the booking stage and we're sitting here in the first quarter of 2021. And historically, we don't really talk about 2022, but what we're seeing continue on is our customers -- there's a lot of pent-up demand for vacations, right? They're saving more. They bypass many of their vacations. And so, they're trying to eye out when we're going to return to service, and they're going to be able to go and enjoy the vacations that they had previously planned. And so, I think when you look at the first half of 2022, again it's very, very early. The pricing that we're seeing relative to like-for-like for 2019 shows that our APDs are up with or without any application of future cruise certificates.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Understood. And then second question, I guess, would be around your liquidity position, which, again, right now, still looks pretty solid on paper, but you made somewhat of a comment at least, I think you did, it says you're still looking at kind of -- or you're taking proactive steps. So just trying to understand what those steps could mean moving forward? And kind of are you still evaluating any option possible out there over the near-term?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Well, first off, we have a lot of options. So, it's not just some options. We have a very full quiver of options both in the capital market and even non-capital market activities, whether we still have a lot we can access as it relates to our debt baskets. Obviously, we can access equity and other instruments. But we are and we have been extremely methodical about our capital raises. Some of it's based off of the operating landscape, some of it is being opportunistic in seeing how we continue to focus on the balance sheet. But we will just continue to evaluate the situation, and based off of that, we'll look to continue to be in a strong liquidity position. So that, as we return out of this, our business can accelerate.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question is from James Hardiman of Wedbush.
James Hardiman: Hi. Good morning. So two questions for me, I think you guys talked about in the prepared remarks, just how much time was spent by the Healthy Sails Panel trying to figure out how to sail in sort of a pre-vaccine world? Obviously, that's no longer the world in which we live in. So, I'm just trying to figure out how the cruise experience is, what it's going to look like in 2021 and maybe beyond? So, I guess for starters, the whole notion of a vaccine requirement on board – some ships on board, all ships – may be speak to that and maybe the CDC's willingness to let some ships sail earlier, if you have a critical mass of people that have already been vaccinated.
Richard Fain: I'll try to answer that. You're right, the Healthy Sail Panels work and all of those discussions were pre-vaccine and vaccine really does change it. We're really in an interim period where the vaccines are still relatively new. They're coming out amazingly quickly, but it still is going to take months to get huge numbers of people vaccinated. And so we and the CDC and governments around the world are looking at how that would change it. And we don't have answers yet. I think one of the things everybody is looking to see is just how effective the vaccines are, and people actually want to see that happening. And one of the nice things we have is we can look at the example of Israel, where the vaccination level is one of the highest in the world. And, therefore, they're able to make some very significant statistical correlations. And one of the things that you've seen coming out of there, for example, is that the number of people who get the disease or who have been vaccinated is the efficacy is as high or higher than the trials that were done, and this is now on larger numbers of people. So that makes it even more reliable. But more significantly, they're also saying the ability to prevent the disease being serious in people is even better than that. So these are -- in the history of vaccines in the world, these are really exciting levels that give us all a lot of hope. But we really need to see it in practice, and it's really hard to say while we're not yet at a point where enough people have been vaccinated that you could say, okay, everybody on board will have vaccinated, that sort of thing. But it is something we think that the vaccine is, of course, the ultimate weapon. And the fact that it is coming out and beginning to come out so quickly and that the pace of that is growing will be a basis for a new set of approaches. But we haven't – nor that we or the governments around the world or the Healthy Sail Panel has yet have been able to define exactly what that will look like.
James Hardiman: Got it. That's helpful. And then my second question is maybe for Jason. I'm trying to wrap my head around the new revenue and margin profile of your post-pandemic fleet. Obviously, you've gotten rid of quite a few ships. And so I don't know the best way to frame it, whether it’d be to talk about what the yields and/or margins were on the ships that you got rid of? Or just looking back to pre-pandemic margin levels of, call it, 19%, 20% and order of magnitude, what those could look like once we're back to – quote, unquote – “normal”, but with a significantly newer and presumably more profitable fleet?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. And I do appreciate the challenge, James, because we obviously – it's still early for us to kind of talk about what the margins will look like as we come out. The sale of Azamara, we've sold some of our older tonnage. The net of that is will be -- it's a very slight good guy on a yield standpoint. It will be a good guy on the cost standpoint, because the ships were smaller, so the spreading of costs were not as efficient. But as an organization, we have and we continue to take advantage of this opportunity to analyze our costs and find ways to be more efficient. So as we come out of this, we have the ability to add on to those margins. It's still too early to talk specifically about how much that will be. But we're trying -- as I kind of describe it, our goal is to kind of be in our wedding weight as we come out of this and then accelerate as we move back into service.
James Hardiman: Got it. And just to clarify, you called out a couple of good guys. There aren't any bad guys we should be thinking about in terms of the margin in a post-pandemic world, correct?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. I mean, I don't think there's necessarily bad guys. Obviously, we will have return to service costs here as we ramp ourselves up, which could just make it look a little bit lumpy in the beginning.
James Hardiman: Sure.
Jason Liberty: I also think it's important to note that besides for the ships that we have sold or the brand that we have sold, we also have incredible new tonnage that is coming in, into the -- our fleet. And so as we know those ships our -- the inventory mix is better. They're much more cost-efficient on a fuel perspective, and they deliver higher margins. And so all the ships in which Richard had noted that are coming in here in the next couple of years, plus what we have on order will also help us expand our margins further.
James Hardiman: Got it. Thanks, Jason. Thanks, Richard.
Operator: Your next question is from Brandt Montour of JPMorgan.
Brandt Montour: Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to talk about Azamara quickly, hoping you could give us some comments around the process there if it was competitive and how long you've been working on it? And then shifting gears to maybe additional ship sales. What are the different factors you're assessing for potential future ship divestitures? And sort of what are the flexibilities you have around that in your existing credit agreements?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Sure. So on the Azamara sale, really kind of through this whole process, we have really tried to be opportunistic and strategic and look at as we are today. And as we will come out of this, how do we want to prioritize, whether it's how we're investing, or how we're supporting on our resource base. This opportunity came our way here with Sycamore. It gives Azamara an opportunity to grow. And I think that it's a great brand that we think will do quite well under this other -- this other venture. I think moving into other ship sales and so forth, we remain opportunistic. I think we need to remember that pre-pandemic, all of these ships generated quite a bit of cash flow. And so it needs to -- for us, typically, the test on a ship is a little bit less -- it's a little bit less about the cash that we would receive. It's more strategic on whether we think this ship with -- whether it's in its current state or through some moderate investment is something that fits our brands. We're on fit another brand within our organization or even with our JVs. And that's kind of how we look at it, and I think we'll remain opportunistic.
Brandt Montour: Okay. Thanks for that, Jason. And then if I could just fit one more in here. For this summer in Europe, where I assume, you don't need CDC certification to sale, but presumably, a decent portion of your guests are coming from the US and would have to fly over. I guess, maybe just as things stand today for the summer sailing in the med. Could you just reframe maybe the range of scenarios that could have -- that could play out there?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Brandt, it's Michael. Yes, I mean, technically, the -- our operations in Europe are not subject to the CDC jurisdiction. But I think it's fair to say there's an awful lot of Americans who do fly out to Europe to join our European products, particularly for Royal and Celebrity. So nevertheless, we'll be guided by the protocols either through the Healthy Sail Panel or as they come from the European Union or the UK. So we know that the operations in some of the European countries, particularly, Germany, Italy have been ongoing for the past couple of months and the Canaries. And those protocols that have governed operations have basically been based on the Healthy Sail Panel or the clear member policies and then overlaid with specific instructions by the National Health Authority. I think what we're going to see is very similar to what we're going to see in the United States, which is as we continue to see infections decline and vaccines increase, then we're going to move to protocols that probably have some kind of hybrid between vaccines and testing. We are fortunate in a way that we're coming through the winter season. So it's incredibly low in terms of volume and revenue during the winter, but we're entering into the spring. And for the Royal Caribbean Group, we have multiple ships that are currently deployed into European operations. So it's going to be subject to the guidance from the European Union or UK Authorities, and we imagine that they'll be very similar to the guidelines that we'll get from the CDC. Does that help? Or do you need more color on that?
Brandt Montour: If you wanted to provide more -- no, that's very helpful. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question is from Jamie Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime Katz: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess, I'd be curious to hear what changes maybe have been made to quantum that we can implement domestically that might surface when the start sale begins? And then additionally, is there something that you guys are doing differently, maybe just sort of geographically different that leads you to believe that May 1 is a better start sale date than June 1, which Norwegian has put out there? Thanks.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Jaime, it's Michael. As Richard commented in his opening comments, we're really pleased with the performance of Quantum in Singapore. It's being an incredible learning experience for our company, and it's been a remarkable example of great collaboration between cruise company and the Health Ministry and the government of Singapore. So we've been operating now for close to three months. We've carried probably around 35,000 Singaporeans on ocean cruises. The customer satisfaction ironically is higher with our protocols than it was before our protocols, which is quite funny in a way. And our revenue has exceeded our expectations both from a ticket and an onboard revenue perspective.  So the overall performance of our products has been really quite strong. It's subject to a series of protocols that as you question, probably very similar to a framework that we may be operating within the future out of the US or Europe. But it's a changing landscape. So what we've started with in Singapore in terms of protocols are already being reviewed. And there's -- in the coming weeks, we expect some of those protocols to be changed. For example, load factor constraint in the beginning of our Singapore operations was capped at 50%. We're now in discussions about increasing that cap to 65% in the coming weeks. And some of the testing regime has changed.  So one of the things that come from Quantum, well, two things. One is that operationally, we've really begun to understand how we can work together with the Health Ministry to safely operate a large cruise ship during the COVID times. And we've also gained from our investment in technology. So there are two technologies that have come from Quantum that really are game changing. One is the e-mastering, which completely transforms the whole process of lifeboat mastering. And it's all done digitally through your iPhone or and an app.  And the second is, we've really developed technology for contact tracing, using a combination of technologies. One of them is a Tracelet, which basically each guest wears and can tell exactly how long and they've been in contact with everybody else who's wearing a Tracelet. And then we have artificial intelligence connected into basically CTV cameras that use facial and body recognition to then double check and verify contact tracing in the event that somebody did have COVID onboard to ship, we've been fortunate that, that hasn't happened. But that technology development is really, we think, groundbreaking and very sophisticated.  And in our conversations that we had the week before last with the CDC, they specifically asked us to share that technology and what we've been doing in Singapore with them, which we've subsequently done. So there's a lot of lessons being learned. And I think, ultimately, it will create a foundation for how we'll operate. But again, the landscape is changing quite significantly as well with the vaccines and the interaction rate. Thank you, Jaime.
Jaime Katz: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: Hi. Thanks. Perhaps I missed this in the intro. But as you've seen an improvement in the mix of new bookings, can you comment on what the demographics of the new bookings look like versus history as you've been marketing less? In other words, are you seeing any change in bifurcation demand trends between older versus younger or new to crews versus or turning up by region?
Richard Fain: Stephen, let me comment and I think Jason will jump in as well. One of the things that we've seen after -- really after we came out of the holidays early in January is a proportional increase in the number of guests booking who were 65 plus and that has continued to increase. So as the weeks have passed, I belief, we don't know if this is a fact, but our belief is, is that a 65-plus are getting vaccinated, then they're obviously becoming more comfortable with booking, and we're seeing that very much in our bookings from about January forward. So I think that's something that we think is a major positive. And obviously, as the vaccine spread down into the population by age group, we'll see that probably accelerate. And that's also true of Silversea which I think even before the holidays started to see an uplift in bookings coming in based upon age demographics, so that's -- we see that as a positive. And obviously, as this continues, we expect to see more bookings coming in by every age category.
Jason Liberty: Just a few other things that I would just add to it, we've also -- over the past year, we have seen a disproportional amount of our loyalty guests as well as experienced cruisers as part of the mix of bookings. What we have seen more recently is not back to where it was pre-COVID. There has been an increase in the first of cruise coming back into the space. The other point that I would just add is, and some of this, I think, is because people are being vaccinated, and to Michael's point of 65 plus. But as the distribution or shop in the arm of the vaccines are being rolled out. We're seeing that there's a pretty strong relationship to booking volumes and vaccines. And so that is, I think something to point out that, one, there -- obviously, there the people 65 in order who are getting the vaccine, who are now becoming confident to travel. On the other side of it, it's also building confidence that we're getting closer to the other side of this, and people are beginning to realize that travel should be here sooner rather than later. And so I just want to make that point as well as there seems to be a tight relationship to that.
Michael Bayley: And Stephen, just to add one more comment that surprises on our Quantum bookings is that we saw an exceptionally high number of new-to-cruise booking with Quantum, which surprised us, but that's a real positive.
Stephen Grambling: That's great to hear. As a follow-up on the balance sheet, Jason, how are you thinking about the appropriate net debt-to-EBITDA level near-term and long-term as we think about a recovery path?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, the near-term will really be based off of when we're able to return to service. So it's tough to kind of peg exactly accordance within a certain period of time. We are extremely focused from the Board down on getting back to pre-COVID levels as soon as possible. So, on a balance sheet basis that means for us to be 3.5 times debt-to-EBITDA or better. And obviously, most of that is going to -- if not all of that is going to come from the generation of cash from operations. But we continue to look at that path as we get back into service here to try to get the balance sheet back in a healthy shape.
Operator: Your next question is from Ben Chaiken of Credit Suisse.
Ben Chaiken: I guess on the booking side, did I catch -- did you guys say that January and February or implied that January and February were up 30% versus November, December, so a sequential comment there, I guess, if that's correct? And then, were November and December -- sorry, go ahead, you said. That's correct?
Jason Liberty: That is correct, Ben. And, of course, November and December were tough months, because of just an incredible rise in cases in society.
Ben Chaiken: Got you. Okay. And then, I guess, then you saw the tailwind from normalization plus the 65-plus comment you were kind of alluding to in the previous question?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think, its normalization is -- or really you're seeing a decrease in cases, and you're seeing a -- the rollout of vaccines. But I do -- I wanted to bifurcate the point again on the relationship to the vaccines, because it's not just -- obviously, people with 65 and over who have gotten the vaccines, who are now focused on their travel, but I think it's also a stimulus of confidence in the consumer that they'll be able to travel soon again. So we're also -- it's not just an increase in 65 plus, we're seeing an increase in all the other demographics as well.
Ben Chaiken: Got you. That makes sense. That's super helpful. And then, as it pertains to the CDC, I think the -- if I'm not mistaken, I think the next step is to potentially get some technical instructions back. Curious, if you have any view on timing there? And then, if not, maybe alternatively some of the key questions you're hoping to clear up or get answered there?
Michael Bayley: Yeah. Hi, Ben. Yeah, we've been in regular communication with the CDC, both at the -- with the maritime unit and at the executive level. And we're literally expecting the technical specifications any day soon. So it's an intergovernmental process between several agencies within the government that are reviewing the technical specifications. But they've assured us that, as soon as all of these things come together, they want to get us back into operations. So we're just literally waiting. I think, again, to our previous comments, I think our level of optimism is increasing as we see the infection rate decline so dramatically in the U.S. and the number of vaccines increasing. And so, we're waiting. And hopefully, we'll get them soon, and we can start our trial sailing. So, I think, you may know that when we ask for volunteers for our trial sailings, we received over 250,000 volunteers. So there's plenty of people interested in cruising.
Ben Chaiken: Got you. That’s great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Assia Georgieva of Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. And just to follow-up on Ben's question. Now with the change of guard at the CDC, should we expect a more streamlined process, including vaccinations in the job -- in terms of cases, where both you and all of us have more visibility in terms of how the process will evolve, technical orders, et cetera?
Jason Liberty: Hi, Assia. Yeah, I think, our communication and dialogue with the CDC is productive, they're dealing with an incredibly challenging situation and environment. When we have our discussions, it's a relatively open process. And as they've explained to us and on many occasions, this really is about what's happening with the virus. And they've assured us on several occasions that when these indicators really start to move in a very positive way, then they'll start working with us to get us back into operation. And that's exactly what we're seeing now. So I must admit every single day I go on the COVID U.S.A. chart on Google, and so how the trend line is and it's just plummeting. So my sense is, is that we're getting closer and closer to good news.
Assia Georgieva: Michael, has the CDC offered any sort of a threshold in terms of infection rates where they would be willing to loosen restrictions and provide more of a time frame, if you will, a schedule?
Michael Bayley: Assia, I think they, like us, are looking at these statistics and it's not just the absolute numbers. There are the unknowns how quickly the vaccine continues to roll out, how the variance will affect the numbers going forward. So I think it's premature for them or for us to try and speculate on what threshold the number has to be because it's so many variables. I think every day, we learn a little bit more. And I think we're more encouraged to see the really dramatic drop that we've been experiencing and the really nice rollout, particularly in the United States and the U.K. in the vaccine. But I think it's still too early for them or us to try and pinpoint, this is the threshold that allows us to move forward.
Assia Georgieva: Thank you, Richard. That makes a lot of sense and thank you Michael as well.
Operator: Your next question is from Patrick Scholes of Truist Security.
Patrick Scholes: Hi guys. Good morning everyone. You've sold a number of ships in brands so far, thoughts on additional sales going forward?
Jason Liberty: Patrick, I mean we remain opportunistic in considering things. As I commented earlier that for us, it needs to -- it's not about selling ships to get cash. It's about whether or not when we look at the investment in the ship or where the ship fits within the fleet, whether or not it fits strategically within the brand or could fit in one of our other brands. So we continue to evaluate opportunities that come our way, but we don't have any specific plans or a specific goal in mind here.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Thank you. And then just a quick follow-up, Jason, housekeeping, what was the year-end share count? 
Jason Liberty: Let me see if I have it. I don't have that right in front of me. -- no, we can get – being it right back to you right after...
Patrick Scholes: Got it. That’d be great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Golding of Macquarie Capital.
Paul Golding: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question. So just a couple on the capacity front. Have you summarized the aggregate cut to supply in what summarized the aggregate cut to supply in what you've announced the 3 ships cut and the Azamara fleet? And then as a follow-up, given the Quantum modifications and the insights you've gleaned from that, has anything changed in your view on lead time around once you're ready to get the fleet back in the water, what that lead time might be if you have to make modifications, et cetera? Thanks so much.
Jason Liberty: All right. Well, let me take the first one, and then I'll pass it to Michael in terms of just talking about our lead time for ramp-up a service. But if you consider Azamara and you consider the majesty and Empress, which are the two that we sold. That's about a 5% impact on our capacity. So, just to provide you those numbers.
Michael Bayley: Okay. Thanks. On the -- sorry, let me just follow-up on the second part of that question with regards to bringing ships back into operation with regards to our learned lessons from Quantum. We've been -- I mean, as you can imagine, we've been working on return to service for many, many months, and we have multiple teams who've been working on all of the logistics and operations of this. And of course, all of the lessons that we've been learning from Quantum have been applied to the whole corporation in terms of planning and logistics. So, I think there's a lot of variables and a lot of dynamics in returning a fleet to operation, but we've obviously been doing it for many, many decades in terms of bringing new ships to life. And we put a lot of energy now behind ensuring that we understand how and what we need to do to bring our ships back. One comment I'd like to make, which I think, is kind of interesting and its related to bringing our ships back and that is our crew members. We recently sent a survey to our entire crew database of around 70,000 employees. And we had 32,000 responses within 12 hours. And subsequently, within a couple of days, we've had 98% of all of our crew respond. And we asked them a couple of questions. We asked them are they planning on returning to work with us. And the unanimous response was yes, we can't wait to come back. We spoke to them about vaccines and the probability that they will be required to be vaccinated to work on the ships. And what did they think about that? 98% of the crew were completely in favor of that. And we also learned that over 4,000 of our crew have already been vaccinated at home. So, that's another important element of return to service is the crew. And I think we are very encouraged by the results of the survey. And it literally was late last week. So, I just wanted to give you that extra information. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Vince Ciepiel of Cleveland Research.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Curious on your thoughts longer term about occupancy, do you think you'll get back to pre-COVID levels? Have you seen anything in the bookings data about consumers' appetite for interior cabins? Anything related to maybe spacing of crew that you have to consider going forward? And with all those considerations, has that maybe changed or informed the way that you're building your new ships and the layout there?
Jason Liberty: It's a great question. One thing we saw on Quantum was that outside rooms sold very quickly. And of course, we put premiums on those rooms and so you can see that people were considering that or thoughtful of that. We know that in the beginning, when we do start-up, depending upon the environment, that there will be protocols in place with regards potentially with berthing of crew, et cetera. So that may present some challenges. But we don't see it as permanent. We see it as transitional. And so I think in the beginning, we may see more focus on outside inventory than inside. But there's no really significant dynamic that's in front of us right now. And we do definitely see it as transitional. And in terms of the question of returning to our pre-COVID load factors, we obviously don't know. But I think our expectation is, once we go through the transitional phase that we will be returning to our pre-COVID load factors.
Vince Ciepiel: That's helpful. And then unrelated follow-up for Jason related to debt. Did you mention the debt capacity remaining? Maybe I missed that. I think as of August, you said $3 billion, and I think you've utilized $1.3 billion since then? And then I believe that the old debt maturity schedule called for about $1.3 billion of pay down in 2021. And I think the most recent number is $0.4 billion. So if you could – is that correct? And could you talk about kind of what changed?
Jason Liberty: Yeah, sure. So as it relates to our debt basket, our current availability is $2 billion under those indentures. And Vince, you are right, we did talk about that our liquidity – our maturities for 2021, it's $400 million. As we noted late last week, we did secure debt holidays from our export credit agencies for the vast majority of what was available, and we should have the balance of that closed out here, hopefully, in the next couple of weeks. And based off of those two things, we will have – our maturities for 2021 will be about $400 million.
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you for let me hop in – for last question. Just two things, one is you mentioned that the next Royal ship to be back in service would likely be outside the US. I'm just wondering, is that sort of more likely to be maybe Australia? I'm just thinking about kind of where your sourcing comes from the market where you can sort of fully source a ship as opposed to Europe. That just – kind of thinking is that more likely to be Australia. And then the other question, and this is very minor, but I was just curious with the sale of the Empress and Majesty. Those were ships that my understanding. I thought those were the only Royal Caribbean ships that fit into the port in Havana, in Cuba. And I know that's like way out on your radar screen, but are there other ships that could potentially return to that market if that were to reopen? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: So Robin, great question on Cuba deployment. And of course, when Jason called us and said, I think we've got a buyer for these two ships. It was the very first question we all went and double checked. And we're okay. So we do have ships that will fit into Cuba, if that should come back. So we're okay there. With regards to ship starting in Australia or China or Europe or elsewhere, for example, we literally are in discussions globally around the world with different governments and looking at where they are with COVID and vaccines, et cetera, et cetera. So I think the point is that there's a lot of opportunity that's starting to open up globally in terms of what's occurring with COVID. And so we are in discussions around the world. One of the products that we opened, this is not a product that would be the next product for Royal Caribbean to open up, but we opened branch [ph] of the Seas, Home Corning in Barbados, sailing out of Barbados in November of 2021 on a mix of seven and 14 night cruises into the Southern Caribbean and really focused into the North American, American, Canadian and the UK market. And it is exceeded our expectations quite significantly. I mean we literally sold 25% of our load factor within a couple of weeks. So back to Jason's point, there's a lot of demand, we think, is building up globally for vacations and crews and for Royal Caribbean. So we're quite kind of optimistic about where this is heading.
Jason Liberty: Okay. Thank you, everybody, and Shelby, for your assistance for the call today, and we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow-ups you might have, in putting the share count, which I'll pass along. And I wish you all a very great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shelby, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Royal Caribbean's Group Business Update and Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, everybody and thank you for joining us today, for our business update and third quarter earnings call. Joining me are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filing and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings, as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Richard will begin the call by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will then follow up with the recap of our third quarter results. I will then provide an update on our latest liquidity action and will then provide an update on the booking environment. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everybody. It's been almost seven months since we paused our cruise operations and every single day has been extremely frustrating and challenging on so many levels. But while emotionally and financially it hurts us tremendously to see our ships laid up. We've tried to use this time to good effect. Our teams together with the healthy sale panel have worked tirelessly to produce a thoughtful set of health protocols to resume operations. Simultaneously, our finance team has worked aggressively in securing liquidity to position the company well to the recovery. One of the most frustrating elements of COVID-19 is how little the world knew at the beginning of this pandemic about the virus and how many false paths we have all gone down over this period.  Fortunately, the science has made remarkable strides and there are a few observations and predictions that we can make. We are seeing an upsurge in infections in the United States and other countries around the world. The experts seem to expect a second wave over the coming months. After seven months of agony the prospect of further surge is beyond frustrating. However, the advances on the science fronts give us optimism that this coming surge will not be as devastating as the early surges in March and April, and it will lead to a better 2021. Therapies are dramatically better and they are more effective. Testing capabilities are already at extraordinary levels and moving higher. And the progress on vaccines has advanced at unprecedented speeds.  Personally at this point, in this unfathomable crisis, I feel more positive that we're beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel. That light needs new batteries, but the light is clearly visible. Please don't get me wrong. I don't mean to minimize the trauma that this disease is causing and will continue to cause. But progress is being made and that progress is fundamental for our recovery. As you should know by now, this past September, the healthy sale panel submitted their recommendations to us in the CDC, and they were extremely well received. We all know that we can eliminate all risk of COVID-19 or anything else for that matter.  Therefore, we asked the panel to help us to meet two specific goals. One to reduce the risk of COVID below the level in our guests home communities and two ensure that we can properly handle a COVID incident on board effectively and without inconveniencing all the guests or the local community. The panel made 74 specific recommendations towards accomplishing these two goals. By implementing their recommendations we intend to make our ships and environment, a bubble, if you will, that presents less risk of transmission that our guests would find on land. The entire industry here has agreed to abide by these recommendations, and we believe they can serve as a foundation for a gradual and methodical, healthy return to service.  The CDC and other regulators have been working on this for a long time. We're grateful for the CDC focus on health and the time they and their observers have spent on this important topic with the healthy sale panel. I don't want to anticipate any decisions that the CDC might take when the current no sale order expires. But I am optimistic that through our continued dialogue and the pathway that we have outlined, we are moving in the direction of a healthy return to service. We propose to start slowly by training our crew and embarking on a series of non-revenue trial sailings where we can rehearse and validate the new protocols.  The panel has recommended that this process be carefully evaluated by independent outside observers and we will do that and then only on a ship or two at first and the gradual and methodical way we expect to start sailing again. There'll be short cruises at first with limited destinations and controlled short excursions. But as we learn, and as the science continues to improve, we will expand. Now, besides the CDC in the United States, we're also working with governments and health authorities across the globe to resume operation in a healthy and phased manner.  Notably, TUI cruises, Hapag-Lloyd, and Silversea have all already started sailing again, only with a few ships, but it is a start. In this month, the Singaporean government gave us the approval to sail as well. As a result, Quantum of the Seas will begin cruising in that region in December.  Now before I turn the call back to Jason, I want to say that I'm immensely proud of all our people, partners, travel advisors, lenders and guests for sticking with us and helping us get to this point. The workload has been tremendous, and the pressure and the uncertainty nonstop. There's still more work to be done. And the environment is still uncertain. But our industry has faced significant challenges in the past. And yet it is continue to demonstrate that they can overcome them. Not only overcome them, but continue to thrive and grow. Why? Simply because the product, the vacations that we offer are so extraordinary, and some would argue that the value is even higher.  With that, I'll turn the call back to Jason to talk through the numbers more, Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. This morning, we reported adjusted net loss of $1.2 billion and a quarter with muted revenues, as all failing that should have been recorded during the period were canceled. These painful results were underpinned by a strong focus on reducing operating expenses. As a result, our cruise operating expenses are down more than 80% or $1.2 billion versus our first quarter and $371 million or 55% versus our last quarter as the fleet transition to its various levels of layup reaching their desired state by the end of August.  Our top financial priority remains ensuring that we are in a strong liquidity position. To that end, we have continued to take opportunistic actions to improve our liquidity. During the month of August, we obtained a one year commitment for a $700 million unsecured guaranteed 364 day facility. Including this new financing, we ended the third quarter with $3.7 billion and available liquidity.  Moreover, during this month, we bolstered our overall liquidity even further by raising an additional $1.15 billion through a combination of convertible notes and a public offering of common stock. The convertible notes and equity offerings were multiple times oversubscribed and our convertible notes were priced at a rate of 2.875% with the conversion premium of 37.5%. This was really a superb outcome and a testament to the value of our brands into the amazing execution of our finance, legal and accounting teams.  We believe that the additional liquidity provides us important flexibility both as we plan for a gradual return to service. And as we work to deliver our balance sheet and our path back to investment grade metrics. As it pertains to our cash spend. We spent approximately $1.1 billion in the third quarter, driven mainly by ship operating expenses. These expenses came sequentially down each month as our ships entered their various levels of way up. Notably, during the third quarter, our average monthly cash burn was consistent with our previously announced range for a prolonged suspension when excluding cash refunds customer deposits, Commission's, debt obligations, cash inflows from new and existing bookings, and fees and collateral postings relating to our financing and hedging activity. This morning, we reaffirm that the cash burn will be on average in the range of $250 million to $290 million per month during a prolonged suspension of operation. As you mentioned in the press release this morning this number excludes refunds customer deposits, debt obligations, commissions, as well as cash inflows from new and existing bookings. When we return to service and start to rub off our sales and marketing machines, to anticipate the customer deposits and cash inflows from operations will further improve our cash position. However, in addition to increase the sales and marketing activities, ramping up our business will also include startup costs related to bringing our amazing crew back to operation and costs related to some of the healthy return to service protocols. I know that you would all like to understand precisely what those cash flows and costs will be. But the validity of the situation makes providing such guidance impossible today.  What I would say is that we look to be very thoughtful as to the cadence of how we will bring our fleet back up to its pre COVID levels. The ramp up will not be a light switch, but instead, capacity will increase based on a set of criteria. First and foremost, our decision making will be guided by the safety of our guests and crew. Also, we want to ensure that we are delivering the world class vacation that our guests expect and that we are bringing the ships back in the most profitable way, which will be mainly guided by our demand profile. Also, we will continue to evaluate more actions that can be taken to further reshape our cost structure and improve our operating leverage as we return to service.  Another element that impacts our cash flow is our capital expenditures. As we reported this morning, we expect these to be approximately $500 million for the fourth quarter of 2020 and $2.1 billion for 2021. Approximately 80% of these expenditures do relate to new build projects, the majority of which have committed financing already in place. As relates to 2020, the capital expenditures include the delivery of the Silver Moon this week, and for 2021. They include the delivery of Odyssey of the Seas during the first quarter, and Silver Dawn during the fourth quarter.  Now I will provide an update on the business starting first with our capacity. As I previously noted, the situation regarding our return to service is fluid. But we are currently planning for a very limited initial return and a gradual ramp up during the first half of 2021. As a result, our 2021 capacity will be significantly lower in 2019. Deployment in the spring is expected to be highly focused on short sales from key drive markets in both the US and Asia Pacific regions. We’ve also make the most out of our incredible private destination of the Bahamas Perfect Day at CocoCay.  Now I'll provide you an update on what we are seeing in the demand environment for 2021 sales. On our last earnings call, I had commented that the cadence of demand was generally determined by COVID-19 cases. And that and that has mostly continued to be the case, over the last couple months with very minimal marketing activities. We have seen a steady improvement in bookings for 2021 with summer sailings mainly driving the uptick in demand. Bookings for the spring season have remained below pre COVID-19 levels, which is consistent with our staggered return to service approach and lower planned occupancy expectations.  From a cumulative standpoint our booked load factors for sailing in the second half of 2021 is within historical ranges of prices that are down slightly. When you exclude the devolutionary impact of the FCCs, pricing for the second half of the year is relatively flat. Overall 2021 is continuing to benefit from the rebooking activities associated with FCC and [indiscernible] program. However, approximately 80% of all of our 2021 bookings made to date are new, and more than 65% of bookings made since early August have been new. For the full year pricing is relatively flat the same time last year and is up slightly when you exclude the negative impact of the bookings made with 125% FCCs. Now about three weeks ago, we announced the [indiscernible] will start sailing from Singapore on December 1. And over the following week of the announcement, we saw bookings spike up significantly. While this is just one out of a fleet of 53 ships, we clearly highlights the pent up demand for cruising.  Now regarding our customer deposits, the balance at the end of September was $1.8 billion relatively equal to the balance reported in our last quarterly update. The inflows from new bookings mostly offset the outflows from refunds. Approximately half of our customer the positive balances associated with FCCs and half is related to new deposits for future sailings. Moreover, about one third of the overall balance is nonrefundable. Also, approximately half of the guests who booked on the canceled sailings have requested refunds with the other 50% either holding an FCCs or lifting and shifting your booking to 2021.  As it pertains to our financial results for the fourth quarter, I will note that the timing and trajectory of the recovery still remains uncertain. And we are therefore unable to provide further guidance for the year. We do expect, however, to incur a net loss on both the US GAAP and adjusted basis for the fourth quarter and 2020 fiscal year. The magnitude of the loss will depend on the timing and extent of our return to service.  Lastly, I'd like to thank our teams across the whole enterprise for all they've done through this extraordinary time. As Richard mentioned these seven months have been challenging on so many levels but we're all pulling through it together and exceptionally dedicated and committed to getting our business back. I know that we'll all emerge a stronger, more resilient company.  And with that, I will ask Shelby to open up the call for a question and answer session. Shelby?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks very much. I know you don't want to jump ahead of anything the CDC might do in the next couple of days. But I wonder if you could share with us a little bit about what factors, you know they've expressed are important to them. Because you mentioned that one of the goals as the healthy sale panel was to have a, the incidence rate of the virus, you know be better than it is on land. And that's certainly the case, I guess, with the cruises in Italy, from other brands that test everybody before they get on board. It's been like less than a point 1% or something incidence rate. So is that in other words, is that what matters most to the CDC, from your discussions with them when they think about restarting or are there other factors that you think are more important than that? Thanks.
Richard Fain: Well, you know, it's a complex subject, and I don't claim to be the expert on this. And we together with Norwegian Cruise Line holdings, put together this panel, and they spent four months going through the details of this process. They did so with the CDC observers after meetings. And there are a lot of factors. And we've talked about that before Robin where we believe that there are things that make ships more demanding in terms of what you might want to take. But there's also the advantage that the ship has and the biggest advantage is that we have a controlled environment. And so that we can do and the whole industry here has accepted to abide by the 74 recommendations. And a big part of that is to create this kind of bubble in the beginning to do screening.  No other industry that I know of has agreed to do 100% screening of everyone. And I think that's a big part of what makes this a viable project. But I think I would be very cautious about speaking on behalf of the CDC. I think they're looking at all aspects of it. As I say they at all the healthy sale panel meetings. And we've had discussions with them. And I think they're trying to put all of that together and I don't think at this stage. Also, they're going through a process that we don't necessarily see all of. So I think they also have to remember that is, not all of this is visible to us. But they're looking at all the aspects of it. And I think the, the no sale order is due to expire shortly anyhow. So I think we're eagerly and hopefully waiting for their specific comments.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you. And then just as a follow up question, I think one of the things when we think about the cash burn rate and restarting is that potentially the risk of restarting and then having to stop again, that maybe the cash burn would go up. Just, we saw AIDA this morning say that they're going to pause in Germany for the for the month of November. Can you give us some thoughts about when you restart, whether it's like crew contracts are only going to be month-to-month and not six months or things that might keep your expenses from sort of going back up? And then having to carry higher expenses again in the case of perhaps a pause somewhere? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Hey, Robin. I think one of the key things to point to is, we've operated about 70 sailings now between TUI cruises and Hapag-Lloyd cruises and Silversea cruises. I'm utilizing the protocols that have been developed and put forward by the recommendations with the help and sale panel. And as you pointed out if the number of cases are exceptionally low and it shows that the protocols do work, we are very, very focused on doing whatever we possibly can for there not to be a situation where we become online and then we have to go offline. Well, sure, nothing's perfect. Any of the protocols have shown that they're working. The second thing I would say is and this kind of goes back to my comments around slowly ramping up the business. We do look to do this in a very methodical way, where we're able to see have test cruises and have cruises and that's we’re looking at those cruises, really watching how they're performing on both on experience level, of safety level, profitability level and then slowly kind of turning the dial back up to kind of avoid a situation where we have to bring all of our crew back which is took us many, many months to do between the spring and the summer. So I think we're being very thoughtful. We're learning a lot through the sailings that have already occurred, which provides us confidence. And then, of course, I think by just slowly ramping up the business, it avoids too much pressure on our cash burn.
Richard Fain: Robin, because the question you've asked is -- I think is so apt and it is something that people are focused on unlike maybe embellished a little bit Jason's comments as well. Because this whole concept of the trial voyages is really quite important. We're not just suddenly coming back. It's going to take a while to organize those voyages and we're going to have the opportunity to see the protocols in action and to adjust them. So Frankly, I don't think we're going to be making the big leap until we and the other authorities and our healthy sale panel are all comfortable that that this is now a viable thing to do. And we really do believe that it is possible to make it so that you are safer on a cruise ship than you are on main street. And the evidence in the startups in Europe have demonstrated that when there have been instances -- and there will be because there are everywhere -- I think you've seen the response has worked. That's really the key. So we think that this slow trial trips and the slow startups will give us the opportunity: one, to watch the technology improve and the knowledge of the virus improve; and two, to prove out our protocols. And I think that's why we're so optimistic about where this is leading.
Operator: Your next question is from Felicia Hendricks of Barclays.
Felicia Hendricks: Hi, thank you so much. Richard, I’m understanding that this is kind of a sensitive subject. So I’m just wondering what you think the CDC needs to see for them to give you the green light? What are the key metrics they're looking for? And then also just with to TUI and Hapag-Lloyd in Germany and with the German shut down, what do you think is going to happen with those lines?
Richard Fain: Sure. Well, good morning, Felicia.
Felicia Hendricks: Good morning.
Richard Fain: And as you say, this is a sensitive time. We're not part of their process. So I think it really would be awkward for me to speak and wrong for me to speak on behalf of the CDC. I think they're looking at all aspects of it and it is very complicated. I think we really made some dramatic inroads with the work of the healthy sale panel, to have people of this level of expertise, this level of experience -- these aren’t just leading experts in the field, these are the leading experts with the experience of regulating as well. So I think we learned a lot in that process and the cooperation with the CDC was very helpful. But I can't predict how they will do it here, so I'm not too much willing to comment on it, except to say, I'm assuming that if you really look at the fairly long -- and I know it's dry -- but analysis that was done by the safety panel, you see the depth of detail they went into and the transparency that they had, I think that should give the CDC a lot of comfort. I think that plus the trial trips -- the trial trips are important. That was an important issue for our healthy sale panel and I think it will be an important point for the CDC. I'm very optimistic that that will go well. The second part of your question was on TUI and Hapag-Lloyd?
Michael Bayley: On TUI. Yes.
Felicia Hendricks: Yes.
Richard Fain: So they continue to operate because we have seen such good results. And frankly, the knowledge that we're getting from these operations is helpful to us, it's helpful to the CDC. We are seeing both an ability to limit the spread onto the ship and we're seeing an ability to deal with incidents when they occur, to keep it from becoming an outbreak. So I think that experience is positive for us and it's small, we understand that, we’re not rushing to do this. We said from the beginning, we're not going to go until we and the experts are convinced that this is the right thing to be doing and it's safe and prudent, and we're sticking to that. But we are learning from this and that will make us safer and healthier as we go forward.
Felicia Hendricks: I guess I was just wondering if the German shut down was going to affect those brands?
Richard Fain: It does not appear to be. No. And again, that's because of the success of the protocols.
Felicia Hendricks: Okay, great. So the next question is a little even more sensitive and I apologize for this, but we get a lot of questions on this almost daily. I'm just going to caveat it, which I do not think this is a place for political commentary. So there you have it. But we are getting asked all the time to walk investors through a scenario where the CDC no-sale order is extended to after the election and how or if a potential Biden administration would have any impact on when the order would be lifted?
Richard Fain: So I'm quite pleased that we're working cooperatively with the experts and it is my strong hope that this is going to be decided on the basis of the science, not on the politics. I'll express a personal view that I will be pleased to get my television and my computer back when the election ads are over, but I think our focus is on the science. We think the industry has done a very strong job -- the whole industry. I've talked about the healthy sale panel, but I also remind you that that before the startup in Europe, they all used experts to guide that. They all work with the governments, it wasn't a political issue, it was a scientific issue. I think the science is strong. And so I'm definitely hopeful that regardless of who's in power, the science will lead us to good answer. But the other thing is that people do want to see the industry back in operation. There's a lot of people suffering because we're out of work and if we can restart one important element of our economy in a safe and healthy way, I think that's in everybody's interest.
Felicia Hendricks: Okay, thank you for that answer, Richard.
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski: Hey, good morning, guys. So Richard, I hate to do this to you, but I'm going to keep you on the hot seat a little bit here. I'm not sure if this is going to be a fair question or not. So you can tell me one way or the other. But I think there have been rumors out there that you have had direct conversations with the White House and maybe if you did or you did not, anything you did there you could help us understand how those conversations if there were conversations, how they progressed and maybe what the White House is looking for that's different from the CDC, if that makes sense?
Richard Fain: So I'll have conversations with anyone who will talk to us on this subject. We're sort of obsessive. I'd like to get out of my house after seven months and there obviously is a lot of interest in this throughout the country. This is a huge issue for employment in our country, the cruise industry is an important employer, important driver of economic activity. And also, it's a respite and I think it will be soon seen as a respite from the isolation that we're all feeling here. Steve, I certainly never mind your questions, but you'll also understand what I can and can't say and the conversations I've had are private, and I would respect the privacy of those. But I will say that we have worked hard to make sure that the decision is a scientific one, that it is led by the best minds with experience, both in terms of the specific science of the disease, and of the engineering, and everything else, as well as the impact on the economy and how you regulate this. So we've talked essentially to all the people who are involved in this kind of decision. And I think I have to say that everybody we've talked to has taken this seriously. They understand the importance of controlling the spread of this virus, they understand the importance of getting the protocols right and I really am very excited to watch the methodical way that the panel worked and other panels. You saw this, the cooperation in Europe between the public health officials and the political officials and the cruise lines, cooperatively trying to solve something that's a problem for all of us. And I'm really not going to comment on who's on what on any given issue. It is complicated. I think everybody is trying to find the right solution. I'm optimistic. I am optimistic that we will soon have a path that we all see as a pathway back to resuming operations. It will be slower than I would wish, but faster than many are assuming. And I think if that slow, methodical, careful approach speaks well, for our industry, it speaks well for the regulators around the world. And we're going to continue on that plot process.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, gotcha. Thanks. Thanks for trying to, you know, to answer that. [indiscernible].
Richard Fain: Yes. No, never a problem to ask, Steven as you well know, and if I can answer it, I will. But this is a fluid situation. That's the other thing I think we have to say and I know I hate to sound like a broken record, but what we don't know, we don't know.
Steven Wieczynski: Right, exactly. So let's go to a couple years down the road from now and hopefully the world is back to normal. I guess the question I want to ask is around supply and supply outlook for the industry. But we've seen certain operators remove, a good bit of capacity from the market already and you guys -- and I can't imagine other operators are going to be ordering new ships for an extended period of time. As we look a couple years down the road, is it fair to say the cruise industry could be set up for a multi-year period of supply growth that could be basically close to zero? Am I thinking about it the right way?
Jason Liberty: Hey, Steve, it's Jason. Well, I don't know if I would say close to zero. Certainly, capacity growth, as we were all collectively expecting pre-COVID is certainly going to be less whether that exits out of the industry where ships are being scrapped, whether it's shipped sales being sold to kind of tertiary operators and of course, I think we do expect that there'll be slower on new build growth probably towards the latter part of four or five years from now. But the shifts that are in order as we see them though delayed by probably 8 to 10 months, I think we expect to continue to come online, and the question will be how many ships will be retired, or sold, or scrapped during that period of time? I know, for us, we've been selling about a ship or two a year. We have scrapped some ships and we're certainly -- we're being very opportunistic about the situation when our point of view is that that ship with inside of one of our brands does not fit strategically or we can't invest to have that ship fit strategically with inside the brand. And so that's something that's kind of an ongoing process for us which has been similar in the past.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, got it. And Jason, one more, sorry, real quick one. But the cruises that you're operating in Europe today, are they operating at a breakeven or even a profitable level at this point?
Jason Liberty: I would say that the ships that are operating in Europe today, in terms of breakeven relative on a ship-specific basis, are probably at or about breakeven. I'm talking more kind of direct profit. Obviously, they were fixed costs that their ships probably don't cover as of yet. But the occupancy levels, the demand that we're seeing is relatively good, all things considered. And I think a little bit what we've experienced to date, which is a little bit different than in the U.S. with COVID news, sometimes when there's negative COVID news over there the consumer or the guest gets an opportunity to kind of get out of town and get some fresh air. You actually see elevation in demand and that's one of the things for sure to increase [indiscernible 39:16].
Steven Wieczynski: Great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question is from James Hardiman of Wedbush securities.
James Hardiman: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I've got three of them, but I think they're pretty quick. So I'll ask them all at once. And I think everybody generally understands that 2021 is going to be a rocky year and it's hard to anticipate. But maybe if you could walk us through A, to follow up on Steve's question, is there any easy way to think about your capacity in 2022-2023 versus say what you had in 2019? That's number one. Number two; any way to think about leverage and I fully understand that your leverage is going to be a function of how long these layups last and you're ultimately burning cash. But is there any way to think through what leverage looks like once you emerge from this in 2022 and beyond? And I guess just more broadly, if I look at the consensus numbers for 2022, revenues are basically almost back to 2019. Obviously, there's a bunch of incremental interest and everything else but that's the target earnings power. Is that realistic? Or there are some considerations that we should be thinking through? Once we get past the mess that will be 2021? Thanks. 
Richard Fain: Thanks, James. So I think I think on a capacity standpoint, there's obviously there's a lot of time between now and 22 and 23. I'm certainly I think our current expectations is that our fleet will be back up and running certainly by 2022 and 2023. Capacity for us is likely to be higher, because of the new ships that I talked about in my remarks coming online. But at the same time, as I commented, on Steve’s question, we do continue to opportunistically look at ship sails or scrapping and very kind of remote type of situations, which could lower that capacity growth number down a little bit. But I would expect our capacity as we look in 22, and 23, to be higher than it was in 2019. Driven by new capacity, we've already taken out some capacity, the scrapping of some ships. And of course, as we know, as the ships roll on, the higher inventory mix more onboard revenue venues, the more cost much more fuel efficient lead to really enhancing our margins.  Moving on to leverage, it is certainly a goal of ours, to get back to our pre COVID level metrics, especially as it looks like we are getting to investment grade, I think how we look to do that is obviously putting more of our free cash flow towards paying down debt. We've taken some action here recently, to put ourselves in a position to pay down debt. And hopefully, the sooner we get started here, the less of the cash that we're holding, today, we're going to need and that can be purpose to also, paying down debt. But it is it is definitely one of our management team on our boards kind of core objective to look at, how do we get to pre COVID leverage, as soon as possible. I won't really comment on its just way too early to talk about consensus. For 2022, I think important variables will be when we get the green light to get back into service, and what that ramp up looks like, what the universe looks like around therapeutics and vaccines and testing. And of course, your wave is very important to 2021. But waves also begin the momentum into 2022. And so, the more for us, the flywheel is spinning. As we go into all of that, the more momentum I think we'll build for 2022. So we're cautiously optimistic, I won't talk about whether it will be a pre COVID levels by 22 or 2023 except to say that, we're trying to build momentum as quickly as we can and making sure we're doing it in a very safe and healthy way.
James Hardiman: That's all really helpful. Thanks, Jason. 
Operator: The next question is from Jamie Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime Katz: Hi, good morning. Can you help us unpack? What is in that negative onboard and other revenue line item, it looks a little optically funny? So I'm just curious if that's a onetime thing I should be aware of, or if it's something that could potentially repeat?
Richard Fain: Yeah, sure. Sure. Jaime. It's a very immaterial amount of money but as we were going through in the kind of Q1 and Q2 and processing tons of refunds and cancellations and so forth. There's some cancellation or penalty income that we’re reversing here in our Q2 numbers and these are small numbers, of course, we don't really have any onboard revenue, we don't really have any ticket revenue. So just a small correction there stands out.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then on the capital allocation front, you guys called out pretty long on putting out an equity issuance to raise capital. I'm curious how you're thinking about that going forward? If there is a preference or sort of a rule set you're thinking for capital raises ahead? Thanks.
Richard Fain: Well, I think we're going to continue to be patient and methodical on how we raise capital, if and when we need it. I think we feel pretty good about our liquidity position. We took action here to put ourselves in a posture to be able to deliver as we returned to service. And I think that, we'll continue to evaluate if we do need to raise capital, the debt markets, the Convert markets, or the equity markets. But our focus here is to fix the balance sheet as soon as we can, but also doing it in a very thoughtful way. And so I think, we'll continue to do is to evaluate those options, as well as looking at within our in our business, how do we improve our margins, to generate more cash flow to have that to be available in order for us to pay down debt and invest in our business? 
Jaime Katz: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Brandt Montour of JP Morgan.
Brandt Montour: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. So thinking about pent up demand and possibly a meaningful inflection booking that you may be expecting when you're allowed to sail? Can you just weigh which factors or events you think will be most important for how that curve looks between actual exploration of the no sale? But wait that against the crew specific travel warning the CDC put out last week? Obviously, the recent lift in virus data is another drag. But I guess what I'm asking is, is it possible we have to wait until you're actually able to prove you can cruise safely before we see that big inflection in bookings?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Brandt its Michael. Interestingly, when I think Jason commented on quantum in Singapore, when we opened for sale, after we received approval from the Singaporean government, we were really quite surprised by the level of demand that came in for the product [Technical Difficulty] winter season that we've got it open. And those cruises are basically ocean voyages that sail for three, four or five days. And within the first two weeks, we had literally the triple demand that we were expecting it rates above what we were expecting. So I think going back to Jason's point earlier, with regards to what they're seeing in Europe, with demand, even when COVID increases, there is demand in the marketplace, and it's coming quite naturally.  The other comment I would make on demand that we're seeing is that in the American market, it's really correlated with how consumers feel about COVID. And what they believe is occurring with COVID, in terms of it moving behind it. About three or four months ago, a large group of consumers with taking [ph] consumers every single month, and about three or four months ago, most people believed that COVID would be kind of moving behind us by the end of 2020. Of course, that shifted now. And the belief for most consumers is that as you move through 21 COVID will move behind us with vaccine therapeutics, etcetera. Then you very much see a correlation between what people are believing and how they're booking. So I think we've commented before that a lot of consumers effectively lost their summer 2020. There's a belief that [Technical Difficulty] we've been behind us at some point in 21. And we kind of see that in the booking behavior at the American market for our products through 21 with a particular emphasis on summer 21. And I think, there's a kind of a, it feels and it looks as if customers are thinking this is going to be behind us, and we're going to have a summer vacation.  I think with regards to the no sale order, I do believe that if there is a change in the no sale order, and a pathway is created for the sake returned to cruising, there will be an uptick in demand. But I think people will naturally wait and see. And I think also there'll be, as I just mentioned, the correlation between what's occurring with COVID in the community, and how people feel confident about taking a vacation and booking a vacation. So it's complicated. It's very much connected to consumer obsession, and feelings about COVID.
Brent Montour: That's incredibly helpful color. Thank you for that. And my second question is following up on the universal testing front, and we all read the 74 points, and I know that, the recommendations include sort of a dual layer, right, where the customer brings their own sort of PCR level test. And then there's another perhaps rapid test at the port. Is that what you've committed to across all your brands, that sort of dual layer testing? And is that an industry wide thing as well, we haven't heard much detail on specific, how many tests what kind of tests and things like that any color you can provide? Thank you.
Richard Fain: Yeah, so I think your comment on that is accurate. Referring back to the panel report, part of the point that the panel made, once how quickly this whole testing issue is changing and I think that's one of the more exciting things that we're seeing. We've gone from a very small number of tests to now the tests are regularly running 1 million, 2 million a day. And that number has the potential for troubling in a fairly short period of time. So the panel really did conclude that as this technology improves, we all improve. Our mantra is continuous improvement. We think that as the new tests are coming out, these lateral flow tests are quite dramatically an improvement in speed and accuracy, and in availability, and in cost.  So we do think that testing is going to be an important part of it. I'm not going to get into all the different kinds of testing. And we do where, because that's all going to change tomorrow. As I say, it's interesting that even today, no other industry that I'm aware of, has said they would do 100% testing. And that's what we are committed to do. And frankly, the whole industry has said that they think that's the right thing to do. So I won't get into the specifics, because I think if I do we'll be wrong tomorrow. But I think we will be starting with 100% testing. And over time, we hope that will get even faster, cheaper, etcetera.
Brent Montour: Helpful. Thanks and good luck.
Operator: Your next question is from Greg Badishkanian of Wolf Research.
Frederick Wightman: Hey, guys, good morning. It's actually Fred Whiteman on for Greg. Jason, you gave some stats for the full year 21 pricing on a cumulative basis. And it sounds like that was unchanged versus what you guys had provided last quarter, I thought you were expecting that number to come down as more FCCs were redeemed. So can you just sort of talk about what if anything different versus your expectations? 
Jason Liberty: Right. Yeah. And this will be our last question. So that's exactly right. On the pricing standpoint, the new as we've been taking on new bookings, we've been able to hold our rates and despite the FCCs coming more and more into play. And I think it is a testament to demand. It is still very early, but at least overseeing for the back half and really quite frankly from June on is as our pricing is holding up quite well. 
Frederick Wightman: And then if I could sneak one more quick, I think last quarter you talked about there was a line in the sand sort of Early Middle 2Q as far as where that consumer demand really did pick up. Have you seen that timeline change in any way? Are people sort of moving their bookings either early or later in the year? 
Richard Fain: It's very consistent with what Michael said, I mean, you can really draw a line from when the summer begins. And then you can see that it's not just about the new booking, it's also seeing where people are lifting and shifting their bookings is very much similar to what they were expecting to do this year. As we look at the summer, summertime and beyond, and by summer, we mean really kind of when kids get out of school. Okay. Thank you for your assistance, Shelby with the call today and we thank you all for your participation and ongoing interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow up she might have and from all of us wish you all a very great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.
Analysts: Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research Ltd. James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brandt Montour - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Frederick Wightman - Wolfe Research, LLC Benjamin Chaiken - Credit Suisse Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shelby, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Royal Caribbean's Group Business Update and Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. I would now like to introduce, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today, for our business update and first quarter earnings call. Joining me are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filing and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings, as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Richard will begin the call by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will then follow up with the recap of our second quarter results. I will then provide an update on our latest liquidity action and then give an update on the booking environment and our outlook. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. While it definitely seems like an eternity, it's been five months since COVID-19 upended our lives. Every one of those days has been a challenge to all of us, on every level. The impact on us, on individuals, as families, as businesses probably most importantly, as communities have been profound and sometimes even home-grown. During these five months, we at the Royal Caribbean Group have been working on scenarios that were unimaginable for us just a while ago. From massive crew repatriations and bid capital raises, to developing new fleet-wide health and safety protocols, all while working remotely. It's been and continues to be a monumental effort. But first and foremost, I want to especially acknowledge the shipboard and shore side teams that have worked tirelessly on the unprecedented crew repatriation effort. To-date, over 43,000 or more of – or more than 98% of our crew hailing from some 90 nations have made it safely home to their families and their loved ones. We continue to work with the governments of the restricted countries, to reunite the last few of our crew with their family. It was and still is a very complex and expensive task with shifting regulations and restrictions across multiple countries. Our teams were simply remarkable, overcoming the multitude of challenges that came daily their way. I particularly want to thank our shipboard employees, who are and always have been the heart and soul of all our operation. Their patience and their understanding during this horrible process, has been extraordinary. While there are always exceptions, the vast bulk of these people have been supportive and understanding during a really awful time for them and everyone else, and that's actually helped to accelerate the process. Lastly, looking forward, as we get our crew home and settled, we're thinking about the future. I joke that by the time we get our last crew member home, we'll have to start all over again. Frankly, I can't wait to welcome them back onboard, when the time is right. In parallel, our terrific finance and legal teams have been working round the clock, working to get us enough liquidity to get through these extraordinary times. With our strong brands, great reputation and a solid balance sheet, we've been able to access the capital markets and to negotiate with governments, vendors, shipyard operators and others to improve our various financial terms. Now while accessing capital and deferred debt payments are critical, another important liquidity action we can take is cash burn. To this end, our operating teams expect to have the whole fleet in their expected level of lay-up by the end of this month. Moreover, they are reviewing every single expense account to further improve our cash conservation goals. On top of all these efforts, most of our capital projects have been delayed or cancelled, because we don't know how long it will take to get beyond this epidemic. These are painful, but these are necessary decisions. I have to say that these five months have been the longest five months any of us can remember. Now, since the crisis began, we extended our suspension of operations seven times, now through October 31 for most voyages. But it's fair to say that there is still a lot of uncertainty. Against this backdrop, we will not rush to return to service until we are confident that we have figured out the changes that we must make to offer our guests and crew strong health and safety protocols with the enjoyable experience that they rightly expect. We believe that our healthy return to service program will help get us there. As I mentioned before, this new program will focus on four key aspects: upgraded screening of guests and crew prior to boarding, enhanced health processes and protocols onboard, a special focus on addressing the destination we visit and, lastly, procedures for addressing any reports of exceptions. We recognize that this is extremely complex. Therefore, besides our dedicated internal teams, we, in cooperation with Norwegian Cruise Line, have assembled an expert panel called the Healthy Sail Panel that's tasked to help us develop comprehensive and multifaceted set of enhanced health and safety protocols. We think they will address the key aspects of our return to service program given the challenges of COVID-19. We've also recently created the position of Global Chief Public Health Officer, who will raise our standards for enhancing and implementing all the protocols and recommendations fleet-wide. As with all we do, we want our measures to go above and beyond what's expected of us. As most of you know, a ship has very special features and some of those make it more challenging but some of those provide real opportunities. And so we are all looking at our ships with an open mind and an imaginative core. From the arrival at the terminal with contact less check-in via our app to touchless payment options, we're reviewing every step of the experience. For example, we have developed a new innovative way to muster where our passengers will be able to view the safety information on their app or interactive stateroom TV and then check-in at their assembly station at their leisure. No more crowds. This is one small part of the enhancements we're working on, and we'll share many more when the time is right. Now as we work and prepare to sail with the new protocols, there are also some other important positive signs on the horizon. There are noteworthy advances in treatments, many new drugs are undergoing clinical trials, testing and tracing are ramping up and vaccines seem to be making great progress. Never before has so much coordinated effort, resources, focus and technology been applied to solve such a problem. While our COVID-19's impact is significant, what hasn't changed is that people, you, our guests and our employees are at the heart of this cruise line. We have been both humble and surprised with the amount of bookings we are seeing for 2021 with literally no marketing efforts, and frankly, very little good news. You've heard me say before that revenue management is more of an art than a science and that is more true today than ever. But the tone of our bookings, especially, as we get into the second half of 2021, has been encouraging. Our guests want to come back. Families want and need the vacation. That is what makes us innovative, inspired and resilient. We are more determined than ever to come back strong with new ideas to make sure that our guests feel confident and safe in choosing their vacation with us. I cannot leave this call without expressing my appreciation to the men and women of Royal Caribbean who continue to display such loyalty under such trying circumstances. This pandemic and the steps that have to be taken to control it are causing massive pain and suffering throughout our company. They are disrupting our lives and our way of life. The impact on our society and our way of life is profound, and that impact will last long after the current crisis end. We will get through this, and we need to focus our attention in doing so and doing so in a manner that preserves the amazing attributes of cruising. My parent's generation was indelibly imprinted with the experience of The Great Depression and I think our current generations will be imprinted with the many experiences that are affecting us today. Our task will be to ensure that we are responding appropriately and innovatively to the demands of society as we emerge. Based on the information available to us today, I'm confident that we're taking the right steps to do so. Cruising has taken the economic impact of the acute phase of this pandemic as hard as any industry I can think of, but we are ready to rejoin the rest of society in the recovery. In fact, once we get past this acute phase, the experience cruising offers has the potential of being one of the ways society comes back together. Humans are social animals, and cruising will, in the near future be able to offer people a meaningful and enjoyable way to safely fulfill this basic human need. People want to be together, and we will be ready to welcome them aboard. And our bookings for next year indicate that our guests feel the same. With that, I'll pass the microphone back to Jason. Jason?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Richard. Before I get started, I also, like Richard, want to thank our incredible employees and stakeholders for their dedication and tireless efforts during these unprecedented times. It is really awe-inspiring and very appreciated. So, now, let's get into our results for the second quarter. The second quarter results illustrate the stunning impact of this pandemic on our business. With all cruises for the quarter being cancelled, we had reported an adjusted net loss of $1.3 billion. The impact of COVID-19 also led to recording a non-cash asset impairment of $156.5 million. Now having said that, our total net cruise cost declined by more than 40% versus the previous quarter. This decline was driven by the suspension of our cruise operation and also significant reductions in our operating and marketing expenses. It is important to note, that we continue to incur significant costs in the quarter that relates to repositioning of our fleet for layup, which included the housing repatriation of our incredible crew. Also, we had some revenue and costs for the quarter that is related to Silversea's quarter lag. When including one-time costs that impacted the quarter and Silversea's quarter lag, our net cruise cost actually declined by almost 60% versus last quarter. We expect these to further decline as our ships settle to their various levels of layup. Other relevant events that happened since our last call, on the 10th of July, we announced, that we purchased the remaining shares of Silversea. We believe that the timing and value of the deal is right and it was structured in a way that did not impact our liquidity, as the remaining one-third stake was paid in the form of 5.2 million shares. This move will allow us to accelerate integration efforts and further position Silversea for long-term success. Now, as Richard mentioned this morning, our top financial priority remains ensuring that we are in a strong liquidity position. To this end, we continue to take decisive action to bolster our position and we ended the quarter with $4.1 billion of liquidity. The strength of our balance sheet, our assets and our brands has been evidence during this pandemic, as we raised approximately $6.5 billion in new liquidity, since we announced the suspension of our global cruise operations. Moreover, during this quarter, we completed a 12-month debt amortization holiday for all of our export credit-backed finances and amended over $11 billion of commercial bank and export credit facilities to provide covenant waivers through the fourth quarter of 2021. With these moves, our upcoming maturities equaled $300 million for the remainder of 2020 and $1.3 billion for 2021. As it pertains to our monthly cash burn, this has also improved sequentially each month, as our ships entered various levels of lay-up. We estimate that the cash burn will be, on average, in the range of approximately $250 million to $290 million per month during the prolonged suspension of operations, inclusive of the increase in interest expense attributed to the latest capital raises. As we mentioned in the press release this morning, this number excludes refunds of customer deposits, scheduled debt maturities, commissions as well as the cash inflows and – from new and existing bookings. This range is lower than the second quarter actuals as much of our fleet is now settling into various levels of lay-up. It's worth noting that our teams are working around the clock to bring this number further down, as reducing our cash burn, is the most cost-effective way to improve our liquidity position. I would now like to provide an update on the business, starting first with our capacity. We have now suspended most of the voyages through the end of October. To-date, we have canceled 1,545 sailings, which represents, a 65% reduction in our capacity for the year. Regarding our newbuilds, we initially expected to take delivery of five ships between July of 2020 and the end of 2021 but are now only expecting to take delivery of 3 ships during this period. This includes the Silver Moon, which is planned to be delivered in October; Royal Caribbean Odyssey of the Seas, which is now scheduled to be delivered in the first quarter of 2021; and Silver Dawn, scheduled to be delivered in the fourth quarter of 2021. All other remaining ships on order are expected to be delayed by an average of 10 months. Now I'll provide an update on what we are seeing in the demand environment for 2021 sailings. Given the current global situation and uncertainty, we've been both encouraged and humbled by the volume of bookings we've been receiving for 2021. Since our last earnings call, bookings have averaged more than double the levels seen during the first eight weeks of the global cruise suspension. This is quite remarkable, as Richard commented, that this is taking place with very limited to no marketing activity. The cadence of demand has generally been determined by the news cycle. We received higher levels of bookings prior to the news regarding a surge of COVID-19 cases and a decline thereafter. To this end, bookings have been softer for the first quarter, are quite strong for the summer and back half of 2021, highlighting the continued demand for cruising our core destinations of the Caribbean, Europe, Alaska and Bermuda. It's important to note that 2021 is benefiting from rebooking activities from guests with future cruise credits, along with those taking advantage of our popular Lift & Shift program. That being said, more than 60% of our bookings received since mid-may have been new bookings. As a result, our cumulative book load factor is still within historical ranges. Pricing for 2021 bookings is about flat when including the negative yield impact or bookings made with future cruise credits and it is slightly up year-over-year when you exclude them. Regarding our customer deposits, the balance at the end of June was $1.8 billion with approximately $300 million associated to 2020 sales. Approximately 48% of our guests booked on canceled sailings have requested cash refund. We expect our customer deposit balance to decline further during the third quarter as we continue to process refunds for recently suspended sales. However, we expect the decrease to be smaller than it was in the second quarter. In closing, in order to kind of frame the third quarter outlook, I'll just remind everybody that we have canceled all of our third quarter sailings. Having said that, the timing and trajectory of the recovery still remains uncertain, and we are, therefore, unable to provide further guidance for the year. We do expect, however, to incur a net loss on both a US GAAP and adjusted basis for the quarter and for 2020 fiscal year. The magnitude of the loss will depend on the timing and extent of our return to service. Lastly, I will highlight that by raising cash early and aggressively managing costs, we are prepared to navigate a choppy and volatile period. Moreover, our people are working round the clock planning a comprehensive return to service strategy while taking care of the financial health of the company. I'm confident that we will emerge from this crisis as a stronger, more resilient company. With that, I'll ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: Your first question comes from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much. I wanted to ask, some other lines that sourced primarily in Europe are restarting. And I wanted to just think about for Royal Caribbean, whether your restart date would really be just the CDC and cruises out of the U.S. or would it be potentially something in China or something else that I'm not thinking of? And then, my other question, related to that, kind of part two of that question is, some of the protocols that cruise lines in Europe have put out, there is one cruise line saying that they will test guests before boarding, and some other lines that haven't said that. Just wanted to get your take on whether that is something that can reasonably be done for US passengers before boarding. Is that kind of a reasonable protocol for US restart? Thanks.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi, Robin, it's Michael. As you know, we've suspended our sailings until the end of October, with two exceptions. One of them is the China operations and also Australia. It may well be possible that we'll resume operations in China and potentially Australia before the end of October, but it's uncertain and I'm not making any statements that that's going to happen but there's some possibility. So that's a possibility that may occur. As it relates to the protocols, I think what we're seeing in Europe is Europe is certainly a different environment as it relates to how people view COVID and what's occurring with COVID through – clearly Europe, for some time now, there's been a series of interactions and discussions with both the European Union that at the end of July issued guidelines for the cruise industry in terms of returning to sailing and there's been individual discussions between national governments and cruise companies which has resulted in what we've seen in terms of miscellaneous cruise companies returning to operations. Obviously, through our Cruise Line Association in Europe, we're very engaged in what's happening and we're obviously receiving a lot of feedback. It's a great learning experience for the industry in terms of what's occurring. With regards to the protocols, I think, certainly, testing seems to be very relevant and discussions are underway. As Richard had mentioned earlier, we have a degree of confidence in the panel that we've formed, and all of our protocols are currently under review with the panel. So testing is part of the thinking, but we have not yet reached a point in our protocols where we're ready to publish and release for discussion. But it's very likely that testing will occur. We're also seeing in discussions with multiple destinations around the world, which is another component of the return to service, particularly as it relates to Caribbean that testing is very much at the front of how people are thinking about protocols for returning.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. That's very helpful.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Robin.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning. Jason, you indicated that 60% of 2021 bookings are new or unique since May. And you expect that net outflow ratio of deposits versus refunds is still going to be negative in the third quarter. Can you help us think about when that ratio would go more breakeven-ish or even positive?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. Sure, Steven, and good morning. So first, obviously, when you're in a period of time when you're canceling sailings and for us a little under half of our guests are asking further cash back, those are times where you have more significant outflows. But when you step back and you look at our cancellation – our cancellation rates for our active sailings are only a tad higher than they typically are. And actually, for 2021, they're actually lower than what we have historically seen. And so when you're in that type of situation for active sailings, what you're seeing is that we're obviously taking in more than is going out. And so I think it's just getting to a period of time where we're not canceling sailings. And of course, the only – we only have a little under $300 million of customer deposits for the balance of the year. And as we get further now into the back half of the year, focus on 2021 begins to ramp up more and more, and so my commentary around what we're seeing around bookings for 2021 and what we're seeing in the cancellation rates, I think, is encouraging for that ratio flip.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Got you. And second question, it's probably going to be for Michael. But the Healthy Sail plan, it seems like you guys are pretty close to wrapping up that study and submitting it to the CDC. And I guess the question is around what the timeframe looks like once you submit that plan to them? And then when you expect to hear back from them because I think they can still take public comments till mid-September, if I've read that right?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, Steven. The CDC requested public comment, and the final date for public comment is September 21st. Our panel is working through the month of August. We're hoping that towards the end of the month that we'll have a final position that's signed up on by our panel and we feel is the right plan to return. So the timing kind of starts to come together with all of the public comment concluding towards the end of September, our work concluding towards the end of August. We think that there's some good opportunity in terms of how that comes together. But I think it's important to note that there – as we know, there's just a huge amount of uncertainty with how this will play out. And obviously, one of the biggest dynamics is what's occurring with COVID itself. So we've certainly seen in Europe that as COVID decreased, and particularly, for example, in Germany – Germany was one of the first countries to open up to be flexible in terms of opening up for cruising because it reflected how people were seeing what was occurring with COVID. So if we're fortunate and everything comes together at the same time, then we're hopeful that we'll be entering into some meaningful dialogue towards the end of September.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Steve, just to amplify on that. There's almost a sense you sometimes get that there's a date, this will happen. And then new protocols and new procedures will come out and then, that's the end of that. And we'll move on. I think one of the things we have seen about COVID and about the kind of protocols that you have this is an ongoing process and there'll be some things that are coming out of this fall. And then, there'll be more knowledge about prevalence in society, and about treatments and about vaccines. And so I think, we view this more as a dimmer rather than a light switch. And we think that we'll start out, as Michael says, and we'll start to see some things early fall. But then there will be changes and I think this will be a continual process. You know our mantra is continuous improvement. And so I think, it would be a mistake to think that it all ends at one point in time.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Appreciate that, guys. Thanks.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Your next question is from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi there.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, Michael, maybe you can tell us, who is booking for 2021, maybe the complexion of the cruiser. Is it – I mean, everyone's kind of talked about the loyalty but is it just your Royal guests? Is it Millennials? Is it generation – if you can just kind of tell us who's booking? And then, just Jason regarding your bookings commentary that the pricing is flat year-over-year, can you also help us understand how that compares to 2019? Thanks.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi. Felicia. Yeah, I think, Jason, in his opening comments, mentioned that certainly, when anxiety is relatively high because of COVID then bookings decrease in relation to how anxiety is heightening. We've been conducting consumer research since March. So we've got a really good sense of how the customer is thinking about cruising vacations, different opportunities and how they're viewing all of that. And what we see is the direct correlation between what's occurring in the state that they live in and how optimistic they are. And then that, of course, translates into how we see the bookings coming in. So, that's one thing that we've seen. The other thing is that, we did see that younger customers were more inclined to be booking but we also saw a huge response from our loyalty customers. So, it's across the board and across different brands have a different kind of response from customers. But I would say that the key core for bookings at the moment is loyalty cruises, people who understand what cruising is. They feel confident and comfortable that once we start getting this behind us that everything will return they're very anxious to go on a vacation. The other observation, which is really my observation, is I'm kind of hopeful that we're going to see a lot of pent-up demand. And certainly, when you look at our bookings by quarter in 2021, there's a lot of activity as we move into the summer. And I think a lot of people have written off this summer. They've decided that there's not going to be a big summer vacation for all of the reasons that we know. But people certainly want to have a vacation next year. And I'm kind of hopeful that we're going to see a nice bump in 2021, because people want to go and have a great vacation. And certainly, when you look at our bookings for 2021 the summer, the summer seems to be pretty popular. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Michael. And on your second point, Felicia, first, I will just start off in saying, I'm looking forward to a vacation next summer. So, happy to get away from all these children. But on the pricing side, our commentary on pricing is actually higher than 2019 levels. So the same time last year is actually a record high. So we're in line with a record high. And if you exclude the future cruise certificates, which were issued at 125%, we're actually above those record levels.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just, Jason, on the balance sheet, can you – look, you guys gave us all the details on your liquidity which gets you through to almost the end of next year, depending on which end of the range you want to look at. There have been news articles about you looking to raise some more debt. So just wondering if you could tell us what your balance sheet capacity is both in terms of secured and unsecured perspective?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Sure, sure. I've seen the articles as well. I'm not quite sure the source of the articles, but I've seen them. So we're obviously in the situation about return to service remains fluid. We continue to look internally at cost, internally at capital, looking at other ways, even in the non-capital market bank world to further bolster our liquidity. And by that, what I mean is looking at support from the different governments and ETAs that we do business with which have been incredibly supportive. And then when you look on the capital markets side, on the debt side, we've got about $3 billion of debt that we're able to issue. We still have about $700 million of Opco guarantee that is available to us, if we chose to do something on the debt side, and then the balance of that would be unsecured. Of course, we also have other assets, new ships that are coming online, that we would be able to potentially put some leverage on, or security on as well as those ships come online. And then, of course, there's other avenues that could be considered. We are really focused not only just getting on to the other side of this crater, but also making sure that we gain our financial health and soon we see metrics and leverage that looks like pre-COVID levels. So, a lot of focus on that as just a general construct on the balance sheet.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Assia Georgieva of Infiniti Research.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research Ltd.: Good morning, guys. Jason, you mentioned changes to capacity and the delay to newbuild deliveries. Can you expand a little bit on possible ship sales of some of the older vessels, whether the market is there for those? And secondly, when you hopefully come back into service in early November that would be at a limited capacity, I assume. Can you give us sort of a quantitative figure as to what number of ships you imagine will start sailing initially? Is it 10? Or is it 30?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi, Assia and good morning. So we've been really, I think, fortunate over the years of being able to sell ships and typically our philosophy on it is, if we don't think we have a good plan for that ship or to be generating sizable returns or it's difficult to make it a strategic fit to our brand, by modernizing it and so forth, we have looked to sell the ships. And we typically have averaged one or two ships a year. Certainly, in this time, we are evaluating opportunities to sell ships or to take other actions with ships. And I would say, as that information comes live, we would, of course, update the investment community on that. We're – there's already three ships, and three ships that are related to Pullmantur that are currently in the scrapping process. And so we're evaluating all options. But of course, we want to – we put a lot of money into these ships, these ships do exceptionally well. And so it's typically a difficult decision to depart with a ship, because they generate so much cash. The one comment I would just make in terms of the ramp-up. And I know I'm sure everybody is eager to hear, is it going to be x ships, y ships, whatever it is. I think as Richard pointed out a few minutes ago is that, it's going to – it's not going to be a light switch. And it's not going to be a light switch, because it's like, starting any type of operation we've got to ramp ourselves backup. And I think based off of what we see in terms of demand and protocols and so forth will be the determinant on how many ships come backup on day one. But our goal is to bring that backup. And move that dimmer, as quickly as we possibly can to get our fleet fully back up and running. And under the safety and health and protocols that everybody would expect us to be doing.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research Ltd.: And currently, it seems that you have almost the entire fleet available for bookings. So I imagine some of those bookings may be shifted on a similar itinerary, on a similar date. Is that fair?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: It's certainly possible, Assia. Again, I think that, as we get more visibility by market, by product, in terms of what's going to come on line and when, we'll more evaluate if changes need be to made whether it's to itineraries, whether it's to ships or whether it's to our new guests on what ship and so forth.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research Ltd.: Thank you, Jason. And good luck to everyone.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks Assia. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question is from James Hardiman of Wedbush.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So briefly, Jason is there any way you could help us break down that $250 million to $290 million of monthly cash burn in terms of sort of what's ship cost? What's the new sort of interest run rate? What's CapEx, et cetera?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Sure. Well, I'll break it down this way. Similar to before, we had said $250 million to $290 million is the overall. The burn rate if you consider running in SG&A, it's somewhere around the $150 million to $170 million rate per month. Our brands, I mean, have really done an incredible job and continue to find creative ways to further reduce the cash burn on our ships. And doing it in a way that no way minimizes our ability to get the ships back up and running in a timely way. And so, I think we still see opportunity, for sure, in these numbers. But essentially running an SG&A is about that range. And about half of the $150 million to $170 million is running and the other half is SG&A.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Very helpful. And then Michael or Richard, whoever wants to take this, obviously, there's a lot of discussion about the approval process with the CDC. But as I think about handicapping that October 31 date, there's a lot you can control and there's a lot you can't. Obviously, the big thing you can't control is sort of where the virus is. Maybe speak to what your healthy sail panel is recommending from a virus perspective. Do we need – I'm assuming we need to get the virus in much better control by October 31 versus where we are today, but how do I think through that? Do we need to get the virus to levels that we're seeing in Europe for you guys to recommend that things are in fact safe? Should we be focusing specifically on the State of Florida? How should we think through all those pieces?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. It's a real – as you pointed out, it's a real puzzle, and there's so many variables to consider. It's certainly a component of the thinking as it relates to the protocols of healthy return take into account the prevalence of COVID, not only in the origination, but also in the destination. So, as you can imagine, one of the projects that we're working on now is a dialogue with all of the destinations, for example, in the Caribbean, South Central America, we formed a task force where literally all of the tourism ministers and many prime ministers from these countries are participating with the FCCA, which is really part of CLIA to start thinking through how we're going to safely resume operations. So yes, the components of this is, is obviously going to be the prevalence of COVID in the origination and the destination. And I think just common sense tells you that if the prevalence is exceptionally high in a origination market, then that's going to hinder resumption of operations. But I think it's worth pointing out that certainly, for Royal we – the market is the United States, sure there are certain states that have higher density of customers, but we do draw from the entire country. And of course, we have an extensive international footprint as well. But it is a component of it. The panel is – they really are experts in their fields, and they are reviewing step-by-step, point-by-point, every single protocol that's placed in front of them by our team of experts. So it's a kind of an ongoing process. But the key point, I think, is the prevalence of COVID will have a determination on the return to service.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Very helpful. Thank you.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You're welcome.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks James.
Operator: Your next question is from Tim Conder of Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. And thank you, gentlemen, for all the color. And Jason and Michael, totally agree with the pent-up demand. There's probably some good cruise lines as well as the places with private islands that can accommodate some of those needs. Move on to some – just sort of following on some of the questions. When we get back to normal, let's just call it that, how should we think about, Jason, some of the structural cost here, both on the cruise operating side and the SG&A relative to maybe levels that we saw in 2017, 2018, 2019?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Well, I think in terms of – on a structural standpoint, we've obviously – we've taken some G&A actions that we think will be permanent changes in our cost structure. On the running expense side, we continue to identify ways to save money. But of course, the product will scale up accordingly based off of the load factors and so forth over time, going back to the dimmer example. There will also be – and of course, we don't know exactly what that number is going to be. There's going to be additional costs that relate to some of these protocols, which some of it will be temporary and some of it might be for a more sustainable period of time that will be out there. But our goal is to make sure we're delivering the very best vacations in the world, continue to have strong Net Promoter Scores, but trying to do all of that while getting ourselves back to pre-COVID margins and better.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Is there any way, Jason, we can sort of think about some of those costs that could be structural, whether – whichever those years is the best to benchmark off of as we go forward? And then maybe in 2021, if you're – let's assume you're ramping up throughout the year, would we expect to be obviously below what we're seeing in 2020 on an ALBD basis, but still above that 2017, 2018, 2019 on an ALBD basis?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, I know – and when the time is right, Tim, we will look to try to provide guidance on how we see our cost structure developing. I would take my comments earlier about returning to financial health and getting back to kind of pre-COVID levels as the need for us to find ways to become more and more efficient here over time. But I think it's too early to communicate exactly what that would be. And of course, on a load factor basis and – it's going to be a ramp-up. I'm sure people like to have a specific number. But again, I think we look at until we have better visibility, it will be a little bit of time here before we start kind of guiding on the volumes and how those volumes relate to staffing levels and protocols that will be necessary in the early days.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Fair. Thank you, gentlemen.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Tim. Thanks for trying.
Operator: Your next question is from Brandt Montour of JPMorgan.
Brandt Montour - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions, and thanks for all the details today. Just curious as you look at next year from a marketing perspective, I know there's a lot of moving pieces, but assuming that you do get a lift of the no-sail order in 2020, how do you think that your strategy for, sort of, wave season marketing could change versus prior years and prior year strategies? Thank you.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi, Brandt. Yeah, I think, it's been interesting ironically how well we've been doing with our bookings with almost no marketing spend. So that's caused a lot of anxiety with our CMO and our marketing organization because the bookings have been good without much investment. I think the answer really is, there's going to be a – kind of a natural relationship between the amount of investment in marketing when we return to service and the pace of the return to service. So, back to both Jason and Richard's point that this won't be a light switch, this will be a phased-in approach. And I think our marketing will phase in over what I hope will be a relatively short period of time. But I think once we get a real sense of how we're going to be returning to service in terms of the phasing, then our plans will reflect that. And again, to my previous point, I'm also a believer that there's pent-up demand. So, we're feeling quite optimistic about how that may play out.
Brandt Montour - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you for that. And then just a follow-up, are you guys looking at any contingency plans sort of under a scenario where we get to prime booking season for summer 2021, and let's say, Americans aren't willing to get on a transatlantic flight? Maybe talk about the depth and breadth of your European local marketing arm and if you think you could or would plan European-only sailings?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. It's a great question. We literally have worked through multiple scenarios on possible outcomes, applying different and multiple assumptions to these different scenarios. So it's a possibility. We hope that doesn't play out, but we have built plans for what you just asked about and other types of possible outcomes.
Brandt Montour - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. Thanks all and good luck.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Brandt.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jaime Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I'm curious if you have any color on the resumption of cruising with TUI. I think they started a few weeks ago, maybe two weeks ago. And has there been any feedback since that process has resumed?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, sure. Good morning, Jaime. It's actually, both our TUI brand as well as Hapag-Lloyd have resumed. In both cases, the protocols that have been employed have one been well received and also seem to be managing the health aspects of this. And so, reports have been very good. I think the thing that has been one of the better outcomes is customer surveys and Net Promoter Score and so forth have been relatively high here. And so, while we've installed some more protocols, social distancing and so forth, what we have seen is that we've been able to put on an experience, a vacation that is resonating very well with our German customers. So it's still early days, and the product is building up more and more, and they haven't stopped anywhere yet, but they've been able to put on great vacation experiences. They've been able to see beautiful things beyond the fresh air, and that has – that's resulted in very positive feedback from our customers.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. Thank you. Go ahead.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I think, I would just add one thing. It's important to understand, we're all still learning about COVID-19 and the implications. And so, the opportunity to see what does happen under certain circumstances is really helpful to all of us as we're going through this process.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. And then the impairment, I don't think it's delineated what that is allocated to last quarter. I think the impairment was across all three brands – or sorry, across Silversea. Was that Silversea again this quarter? Or was there something else?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: No. This had more to do with Pullmantur – well, some of it was Pullmantur-related as that business is under – being restructured. There's also – we had some ships that we believe relative to the number of years they have left to recover their asset levels, there was some impairment there. And then, there were some things that also kind of flushed through in other joint ventures that we have and collections that we don't think are possible for ships that we have sold, but it was under seller financing for.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. Thank you for the clarifications.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question is from Greg Badishkanian of Wolfe.
Frederick Wightman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. It's actually Fred Wightman on for Greg. Richard and Jason, you guys have both talked about the stronger bookings in the back half of 2021. I'm wondering if you could just put a finer point on that, what is sort of the relative bookings strength you're seeing in that summer and beyond period relative to the first half of the year?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, sure. So one, I would say it's – it bleeds a little bit more into also the front half of the year. So you see this kind of line as you kind of get into the early-to-mid part of the second quarter, where there's just strong demand for the season and beyond. It's almost what the consumer has somewhat kind of focused on that, that's when it will be time for them to deal with this pent-up demand that Michael had talked about. And if you look at it by product, it really is across all of our core products. So there's strength in the Caribbean, our European products, Alaskan products and so forth. So it's not just one thing, but it's really clear as we get kind of mid-Q2 and beyond that there's high demand and our consumers are willing to pay at or above these historical levels.
Frederick Wightman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, great. And then just on that pricing comment, cumulative 2021 pricing did soften a bit versus what we saw last quarter. I think you guys have suggested that would be the case. But should we continue or should we expect that cumulative pricing number to continue to come down a bit as more and more of those FCCs are redeemed? Or should it be more stable?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, really good question. So, I think on the new bookings side, I mean, the patterns that we're seeing is with strength and our guests willing to pay more than what they paid for same time last year or in 2019. But as the FCCs get redeemed, we would expect that, that's going to have an impact on those APDs, because they're effectively a 25% discount on the APD because of the application of that cruise credit. So I do think that there will be continued pressure on that APD benchmark just because of the application of those FCCs.
Frederick Wightman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Great. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Ben Chaiken of Credit Suisse.
Benjamin Chaiken - Credit Suisse: Hey, how is it going?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hey, Ben.
Benjamin Chaiken - Credit Suisse: You helped with some of the customer cohorts previously. Is there anything unique about the booking channels that people are using for 2021? For example, you mentioned pent-up demand, whether it's repeat cruisers or, I think you mentioned loyalty members. Is there any mix change you're seeing between direct versus travel agent, for example?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi. Ben. No, everything is pretty much normal in terms of how bookings are coming through the various channels. So we've seen nothing yet that would make you think there's some kind of trend change occurring. I think one thing is true that our distribution of many of our travel partners are obviously stressed, because of the situation. So that's something that we're aware of. Obviously, we're trying to be as supportive as we possibly can to our travel partner community. Because, when all of this does get behind us, we'll need them and want them to be booking for us, but no, no noticeable change at the moment.
Benjamin Chaiken - Credit Suisse: Got it. Thanks.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Great.
Operator: Your last question comes from Vince Ciepiel of Cleveland Research.
Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Curious, I wanted to circle back on the FCCs. I don't know if you'd specified how much of the $1.8 billion in customer deposit was FCC-related? And then separately, as folks start to redeem their FCCs, maybe once there's a clearer path back to sailing, what percentage of folks who take FCCs are applying them to a specific sailing right now?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Sure. So if you kind of think about that $1.8 billion of customer deposits, about $900 million of it or so is our FCCs and about 40%, 45% of those are non-refundable FCCs. And so, so far, there's been about a third of those FCCs that have been applied. And we also have – well, although – there's about a third of the 125% one and then of course our Cruise with Confidence program, which are the non-refundable ones, there's been about 20% that has been unapplied today.
Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thanks.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Okay. Well, thank you for your assistance today, Shelby, with the call. We thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available all day, for any follow-ups you might have. And we all wish you all a very great day. Be healthy. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Royal Caribbean’s Group Business Update and First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our business update and first quarter earnings call. Joining me virtually from their home offices are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our Investors website www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency adjusted basis. Richard will begin the call by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will then follow with an update of our liquidity acquisitions we have taken to-date. I will then provide an update on the booking environment and then I will provide a recap of our first quarter results. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thanks Jason and good morning everyone. I hope that everybody on this call is safe and healthy. These are troubled times, and we all need to take care of ourselves, as well as remembering the first responders and others who are working so hard to protect our communities. Obviously, our industry and our Company are undergoing unprecedented challenges, and we are having to quickly adapt to this new and evolving environment. But, our priorities are clear, we will work to protect the safety of our guests and crew, we will proactively enhance our liquidity, we will protect the Company's brands and our travel partners, and we will define and prepare for a new normal. In the two months since we suspended operations, we've been working tirelessly to safely repatriate our guests and crew members to their homes. Our crew come from more than 100 countries around the world with widely different safety protocols and travel restrictions. This has turned, what should be a simple task into a monumental one. It's really hard to convey the complexity of the process to somebody who's used to making simple travel arrangements. But, our teams are working around the clock with the multitude of governing bodies to repatriate our crews as soon as possible. We've even gone to the extent of using our ships as transport vessels and currently have nine ships carry more than 10,000 crew members back to their home countries. It's a complex and expensive way to do it. But it's a most reliable way to get these men and women home to their families as quickly as possible. And therefore, we've undertaken to do it this way. We've also implemented actions to provide guests with some flexibility and peace of mind as they look forward to resuming their travel. To this end, we have implemented the Cruise with Confidence program, where guests have the flexibility to cancel their cruises up to 48 hours prior to sailing and receive a full credit on the cruise fare for future cruise. We recently enhanced this program with our Lift and Shift program or Lift and Shift option, which gives our guests even more comfort for the time ahead. We're delighted to say that these programs have been very well received as they benefit both, our guests and our liquidity profile. In a few moments, Jason will provide more details regarding our results during the first quarter, and the proactive steps that we've been taking to address the current environment, with a focus on cost reductions and on liquidity. First though, I'd like to talk about the future and the steps that we're taking to address that future. It's useful to reflect on how quickly our world has changed, and how quickly our understanding of this awful disease has evolved. It's amazing to think, it's only been two months since we suspended operations. When I think back to how little we understood then about this disease, it's remarkable. Over the period, the pace of new information and understanding has been astounding. Things that we were told were right one week, became unthinkable barely a week later. The flow of information has been so fast, it's been hard to assimilate. Fortunately, our level of understanding and that of governments around the world is beginning to stabilize or at least seems to be. We're all beginning to understand the dos and don’ts, and the tight structures [ph] are beginning to loosen. It's still very early days, but these are auspicious signs. Obviously, the most immediate question that you would all like to know is when cruising will restart. And we'd like to know it too. The world is clearly embarking on a program of gradually opening up. That process is just beginning. And it varies widely between geographical areas. It's also highly dependent on many different factors, including the availability of testing, contact tracing, therapeutics, and ultimately vaccines. While it's very difficult to have any certainty around the timing or shape of recovery, we do intend to make sure that we are prepared for it, and for the changes it will entail. To this end, we are focused on all aspects of our safe Return to Service strategy with special emphasis on safety, security and health. We know that the public expects that we will elevate our health and safety protocols to a new level. We are prepared to make sure that we meet and exceed those expectations. We're trying to use this time wisely. We have been and are working on ways to up our game in this field to ensure that we use our ingenuity, our passion, and our innovation to raise the bar to new heights. We are calling our aspirational program, the healthy Return to Service program.  The program will have four main focuses, upgraded screening prior to boarding, enhanced processes and procedures on board, special focus on addressing the destinations we visit, and procedures for dealing with any reports of exceptions. We recognize that this is an extremely complex area, and we have assembled a blue ribbon team of experts to advise us on the right approach. Our goal is to raise our standards to entirely new levels. And we believe that the Healthy Return to Service program will help us get there. We have the time, we have the determination and we have the expertise. It is tempting to start talking now about all the individual components of how things will change. However, we're still defining all those enhancements, and we're still taking guidance from our expert advisors. And this process will continue in keeping with our mantra of continuous improvement. We're better prepared today than we were yesterday, and we will be better yet prepared tomorrow. But, the one thing that won't change is our determination that we will not start operations until we are fully ready to do so with all the hygiene and other health protocols solidly in place. Besides addressing the scientific aspects of all things related to COVID-19, we also need to restore the confidence of many by being transparent in our actions and communicating extensively. We will not rush this work, but it is not an exaggeration to say that we're working on it around the clock. The other area I'd like to briefly discuss is our longer term strategy. The reputation of our brands, the strong relationships with our travel agent partners, our great customer base, and our innovative and agile culture should all serve as an advantage when this crisis is over. Just a few weeks ago, we were set to enjoy the best year in our Company's history, fueled by a huge demand for our products. That has not suddenly vanished. We know that the basic human desire to explore and to travel will persist with the continued focus on seeking out experiences as opposed to things. Our responsibility is to be in the best position possible when travel resumes. I’d really like to draw an analogy to 9/11, which I think is quite apropos. I recall that in the aftermath of that horrible event, lots of people said that travel and tourism were history; people would never travel again, especially on airplanes. On the other hand, soon after I heard people refer to the exact same situation and say that ultimately 9/11 had no impact on traffic. These people argued that people were traveling more and they were traveling as though 9/11 never happened. My view is that both comments are simply wrong. It is demonstrably untrue that people stopped traveling as a result of 9/11. In fact, after a period of adjustment, travel took off. Sorry for the pun. On the other hand, it equally isn't true that after the period of adjustment, travel reverted to the status quo ante. In fact, travel became very different from pre-9/11. What happened was that we adjusted, and all travel that took place in a post-9/11 world was really quite different from travel previously. It's hard to remember that that dynamic took place. Travel didn't simply revert to what it had been, rather travel adjusted to the new normal, and it grew on that basis. I believe personally that the same thing is going to happen in a post-COVID-19 world. Travel and tourism will grow, but not by reverting to what it was, but by adjusting to a world where all activities, everything we do in the world will have changed. Our industry is resilient and we will come back strong. We'll do so not by mimicking what we used to do but by innovating our product to meeting the exciting demands of the world as it is. We've been proactive in taking the steps to reduce our costs, to manage cash flow and to secure liquidity to weather the storm. And Jason is going to talk about that in a minute. We're also actively focused on positioning our brands to emerge in a strong position as guests resume their travel over the coming months and beyond. With that, I'll turn the microphone back to Jason. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. So, I’d first like to thank our teams across the whole enterprise for their dedication and tireless efforts during these unprecedented times. During the past two months since our pausing of operations, we have intensely focused our efforts on preserving cash and enhancing our liquidity profile. To keep investors and stakeholders up to date, we have provided several updates which detail our efforts through press releases and 8-Ks. Since our last earnings call, we have focused on reducing our operating expenses, also reducing or deferring our capital expenditures, improving our debt maturity profile, and securing additional capital. We have significantly reduced our running expenses as the ships transition into various levels of layups. We have eliminated or significantly reduced marketing and selling expenses during our out of service period. And we have taken painful, but swift actions to reduce G&A by reducing our teams or furloughing employees. As it pertains to our capital expenditures, our teams have done an exceptional job by reducing or deferring our 2020 capital needs by more than 65%. Our updated capital expenditures for 2020 are now approximately $1.7 billion with only $500 million that remains to be spent for the balance of the year. Now shifting to our debt maturities. We have been able to obtain a 12-month debt amortization holiday for most of our vessels payments, bringing our debt maturities down to $400 million for the remainder of 2020. And lastly, we've been very active in the capital markets, raising almost $4 billion in additional liquidity since our last call. Overall, we estimate our cash burn to be in the range of $250 million to $275 million per month during a prolonged suspension of operations. This range includes ongoing ship operating expenses, administrative expenses, debt service, hedging costs and expected necessary CapEx. It excludes refunds of customer deposits, as well as cash inflows from new and existing bookings. More than 60% of this cash burn is related to operating expenses, which we expect to reduce further on to a more prolonged out of service scenario. Through all these measures, we have been able to improve the Company's liquidity profile by approximately $12 billion for 2020 and 2021 combined. Having said this, we continue to explore other opportunities to improve our liquidity profile, given the magnitude and uncertain duration of the COVID-19 impact. I would now update you on the business outlook, as I know this is top of mind for many. We began the year in a strong booked position and experienced a record-breaking start to the Wave period, which resulted in a nice yield growth for January and February sales. Then, everything changed as COVID-19 spread beyond Asia and became a global pandemic. On March 13th, we announced that for the first time in our history, we would suspend cruise operations for 30 days. Since then, we have extended the suspension further. And in total, we have canceled 621 voyages and reduced our capacity for the year by approximately 25%. From a demand standpoint, our bookings started to deteriorate in mid-February and then fell to level that was materially lower than prior year on the onset of the global cruise suspension in mid-March. At the same time, near term cancellations increased substantially while cancellations for '21 remained at more typical levels. While bookings still remain suppressed, they are better now than they were in mid-April, driven by improved trends for the fourth quarter of 2020 and 2021 sales. For the remainder of 2020, we are booked well behind same time last year in load factor with prices down low single digits. It is still very early in the booking cycle for 2021. But at this point, load factors are below same time last year, but are within historical ranges. Prices for '21 booked business are currently up in the mid-single-digit range. Our current booking trends indicate that there is demand for cruising. However, our guests now require more flexibility than ever. And to provide that flexibility, we have introduced the Cruising with Confidence program. Also, we have provided guests who are booked on suspended sailings, with the option of 125% future cruise certificate in lieu of a cash refund. To-date, approximately 45% of the guests who are booked on one of these voyages has requested a refund and the remainder are holding an FCC. Approximately 20% of the guests who have been issued FCC have already rebooked on future voyages. Most rebooked on similar itineraries and many are actually using 125% value to upgrade to a higher saving category. As you may expect that our loyalty guests are redeeming their FCCs at a much faster pace than non-loyalty guests. I will now shift the focus to our results for the first quarter of 2020. These results are summarized on slide 2. This quarter was really a tale of two quarters. During the first six weeks of the year, booking trends were strong across all our major geographies except for Asia, with North American based sailings trending particularly well. While we were extremely pleased with booking trends for most itineraries, we were particularly impressed with the prices we were achieving for sailings visiting Perfect Day at CocoCay, particularly those on our modernized ships. Even though we started canceling sailings in Asia at the end of January, we were still booked at a strong load factor in prices and we're poised for another strong year of yield growth. On March 13th, we suspended our global operations. This precision combined with earlier cancellations in Asia resulted in the cancellation of 130 sailings during the first quarter, a reduction in capacity of approximately 20% versus guidance. The impact of COVID-19 also led to the recording of a $1.1 billion non-cash asset impairment charge. As a result, we recorded a net loss on a U.S. GAAP basis of $1.4 billion or $6.91 per share, and adjusted net loss of $310 million or $1.48 per share -- negative $1.48 per share. The loss for the quarter was driven entirely by the COVID-19 impact. The timing and trajectory of a recovery remains uncertain, so we are unable to provide further guidance for the year. However, the Company does expect to incur a net loss on both a GAAP and adjusted basis for the second quarter and 2020 fiscal year. The magnitude of the loss will depend on the timing and extent of our Return to Service. As I mentioned at the beginning of my remarks, these are extraordinary times. We have made solid progress in mitigating the impact of COVID-19 on our business and are prepared for the wide range of scenarios that could play out. We feel confident that we will come through this successfully and can't wait to start delivering amazing vacations again. With that, I will ask the operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: Yes. Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for all the details. That was very helpful. So, Jason, it's pretty clear that you guys are in a pretty good liquidity position right now. But, I guess, if you remain in a zero revenue environment for an extended period of time, can you help us think about what other options you have down the road to further increase liquidity? I mean, we've seen your competitors go down the highly dilutive convert and equity path, and just wondering what your appetite is for something like that.
Jason Liberty: Sure, Steve. Thanks for the comments. So, yesterday, we closed on our bond that we launched last week. We were really happy with the additional liquidity we were able to gain by raising that money. But the other thing that we're really happy about is that by raising that bond it really provided a lot of flexibility for us to raise additional capital, especially debt. So, there's a pretty significant basket and flexibility on our ability to raise additional debt. And I would also add that we believe that our Return to Service plans, as we consider them, that we have adequate liquidity. But, if those circumstances change, and depending on how things play out, we would certainly need to consider all alternatives that would be available to us.
Steve Wieczynski: But to add on to that, the equity/convert would be your last option that you would want to do? 
Jason Liberty: I would say that we are very sensitive to dilution. But, overall I think that we purposely made sure we had maximum flexibility on the debt side.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. And then, second question would be around, how do you see Return to Service for your ships around the rest of the world? It seems like, everybody right now is so focused on the CDC and what they're telling you to do here in the U.S. But given your strong position in China and your JV with TUI, couldn't you guys start operations around the rest of the world sooner than here in the U.S.? And I guess if that answer is yes, do you fear there could be some potential negative pushback from the CDC or the U.S. government?
Michael Bayley: Hi. Steve, it's Michael. Interestingly, yesterday I was on the CLIA European Executive Committee call where we had an extensive update from all of the national directors in the various European countries. And I would say that from the feedback from that call yesterday, and then the discussion we've had with our China team in Shanghai, is very different story by region and by country. And I think, it's highly likely that either the Asian markets in China for example, or the European region could come back earlier, because of course, they went through this experience earlier, and that's particularly true of China. So, we're very aware of these different landscapes. And I think we're also relatively pleased to have this global infrastructure that we can leverage to utilize that opportunity, if it does materialize. I think, with your comments about the CDC, obviously, we are highly focused on ensuring, as Richard started this whole call, with ensuring the safety and a Healthy Return to Service. So, however, we return to service, we're only going to return to service regardless of regional market, when we believe that we have a Healthy Return to Service plan that’s deemed as the right way forward. And our guests will be comforted by that plan. So, it's interesting. I think we will see different markets come back at a different pace. And I think our global infrastructure and the strength of our brands is really going to power us through those opportunities.
Operator: The next question will come from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Jason, just getting back to the liquidity question. It seems like so many companies across different sectors, not just cruise are assessing the market as much as they can, given that the window is open now. So, some may view your decision to wait as risky. So, I'm just wondering, should we read into the fact that you haven't secured any incremental liquidity on top of what you've already done that you feel more optimistic than others regarding the recovery? And then, also, can you just help us understand how you're thinking about your rollup? You're mentioning that -- you did mention that you're starting to see demand for fourth quarter. So, just wondering how we should think about the amount of capacity that you'll roll out as the industry opens.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So, I'll take the first one. I think, the way that you would read it is, I don't think we're overly optimistic. I think we are being -- looking at the reality of the situation. And when we kind of evaluate our different Return to Service plans and different scenarios; that was the emphasis for us raising the capital all that we did this past week. So, again, I think we have to see how things play out. And I think that we have a lot of good quality brands, quality assets. And I think that we would evaluate the markets if we see circumstances change outside of the different scenarios that we're evaluating. So, I won’t read into it at all that we're optimistic. I think, I would read into it that we think we've taken the actions on the capital raising side based off of what we currently think. And we also think that there's more opportunity for us to do, on the cost and capital side to further reduce our burn rate.
Richard Fain: And, Felicia, this is Richard, and I'll just comment on the process of returning to service. I think, we don't expect that this is going to be that someday somebody blows a horn and all the ships start operating right away. We think that it will be a gradual start, a little bit like societies in -- is opening up gradually. And so, we would imagine that we would start with -- smaller with fewer shifts and more likely to be more drive markets in the beginning, and they would then evolve and grow from there. I also think, coming back to the earlier question that such being differences between what's happening in different countries, what's happening in the local society with different mix of where the ships are and where they're going. So, I also think that you'll see that high degree of variability depending on what area of the world you're talking about. But to answer your second question, we see that as a slow and gradual thing, not suddenly a lot of ships coming back in the market.
Felicia Hendrix: Thanks. And then, Jason, just quickly a follow-up on your answer to first question. Just when you were talking -- you said in several of your filings that you continue to look at reducing on the cash burn on the cost and capital side. Just wondering, is one of those options would be to transition more -- to more cold layups among your fleet. It's just in the language that's been in your filings. It seems that you have much more of your ships in warm layups versus where your competitors are.
Jason Liberty: That's one avenue. I mean, our teams have done an exceptional job of really reducing the operating costs while the ships are not operating. And there is opportunity to move some of them into a cooler type of layup. But, I think even if you look at our layup costs on a per berth basis, we've found creative ways to have the ships in a maybe of a warmer layup, with really the cost differential being very small. So, that's one of I think many levers under evaluation to further reduce the burn rate.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Thank you.
Richard Fain: Thanks, Felicia.
Operator: The next question is from James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
James Hardiman: Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. So, I have a difficult question, but I think it's a fair one. I wanted to ask about that, the fourth component that you delineated with your Healthy Return to Service program. Specifically, what happens in the unfortunate event where somebody actually contracts the virus on board? Obviously, there's a lot that's going to go into preventing that from happen -- happening. But as potential customers are thinking about how that would go. I guess A, how do you ensure that you don't end up in an outbreak scenario? And then B, how do you ensure that the ship doesn't ultimately get stranded? I think that was one of the striking parts of what we saw over March and early April where ships that just had no home and of course weren't allowing them to return. So, how do you give consumers the comfort that they're not going to be in one of those scenarios as you reopen, but there is ultimately no vaccine?
Richard Fain: Yes. So, I think what we're looking at, as you mentioned, is all four of those situations. And the fourth one is very much a part of it. We think it is premature to come out. We're working with a series of experts on the topic where we're obviously very conscious of the issue. I think, it's premature for us to go through the thoughts we have on any of the four, both because we keep getting better but also knowledge of the virus and knowledge of what we can do -- one can do with it keeps changing. So, before we come to service, that will be one of the questions that we have to address forthright way. And as I say, it's both, coming out with a proper way to handle it and it's important to be transparent about how that will operate. And as we approach our safe Return to Service, the Healthy Return to Service, we will be providing more information on that.
James Hardiman: Okay, fair enough. And then, I won’t ask the next question I was going to ask. But maybe, can you help us, as we think about you've got customer outflows in the form of refunds and inflows in the form of deposits. Can you maybe help us size the ladder in any way you deem appropriate? And maybe any idea when you think the two will essentially balance each other out? I'm assuming that at this point it’s a net cash outflow to customers, but when do you think that might even up?
Jason Liberty: So, the first way that I would frame it is there's a difference between sailings that you’re canceling, which obviously we talked about, that about 45% of our guests asked for their cash back. And then, the kind of ebbs and flows of customers that are booking further out in terms of path to canceled sailings. So obviously, the ones when we cancel sailings, there's a lot of outflow that occurs for those 45% more or less that we've been seeing. But, when you look at into Q4, you look out into next year, you look at that kind of period of time. You do see more inflow than you see outflow occurring when you look at kind of Q4 and beyond. And it's really where you see most of the outflow occurring is when you're canceling sailings and the guest is considering whether or not they're going to hold on to an FCC or get reimbursed. And I think, as we get to the point where we're not canceling sailings, that's where I think you begin to see that that inflection point, and also as you begin to focus to customer more and more on booking into '21.
James Hardiman: Okay. So, but just to clarify, you think that as we get into maybe July-August timeframe, when ships are resuming, you think those two could potentially offset one another?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think, once you get to where you’re back up and operating, I think you will see cancellations move to much more of a typical level, which obviously, especially when you're canceling sailings are going to be elevated. And of course, when everybody's been in the stay-at-home order, you would expect it to be elevated. But yes, when you look at 2021 as an example, cancellation rates are at very typical levels.
James Hardiman: Got it.
Jason Liberty: The other point I would add is, our Cruise of Confidence programs and so forth, have really been very well accepted by the trade and by our guests. And as I made in my comments, our loyalty guests have really just been absolutely incredible in their support. And you can really see their love of cruising as they begin to want to focus further out.
Michael Bayley: Yes. And James, it's Michael. I'd like to add a little bit of color to Jason's comments. I think, we've really seen surprising demand from our loyalty members. And remember, we've got close to 20 million loyalty members. And, their response to various promotions that we put into the market, just to understand what the demand looks like, has been surprisingly positive. So, as we move into Q4 and into '21, we've been honestly surprised in terms of the demand that we've seen coming in, particularly from the loyalty guests.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Karen calling in for Tim. Jason, just first question, following your latest round of fundraising, could you just maybe quantify or remind us what is your remaining unencumbered assets including bulk vessels and maybe other assets as well?
Jason Liberty: Okay. Sure. Hi, Karen. You sound better than Tim. So, good morning. So, in terms of the unencumbered assets that -- so we basically encumbered about $12 billion of our balance sheet. And so, you've got the balance of that that is unencumbered. And not all of that would be available, for example, like an OpCo type of structure, but a very large percentage of the balance would be available if we were to choose to raise additional liquidity via debt.
Unidentified Analyst: And given your latest pricing on the debt that was issued, is there any reason or circumstance that you would, at this point, call your 7.25 Silversea line?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think at this point cash is king. And of course, if we were to raise additional debt, might be at this point in time, that would be at a higher rate than the Silversea. So, I don't think at this point we have any specific plans. But, we are evaluating all different alternatives to scrap our capital structure.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And lastly, just a clarification on your booking commentary. Could you maybe define what historical means for you? And when you commented that 2021 pricing is up mid-single-digits, is that relative to -- that's relative to 2020, but where is it in relation to historical or '19?
Jason Liberty: What I would say is typical levels is kind of looking back over the past several years. It is lower than our '19 levels, but it's not much lower than what we've seen calling over the past three to five years on -- in terms of that typical average. The only thing I would say on the rate side is, we are -- our rates are at mid-single-digits today, that is versus 2020. And I think that number will fluctuate up and down, depending on load factor for next year and also will be depending on, as our guests continue to apply the FCCs that will weigh a little bit on that rate. But overall, what we're seeing is that we are seeing strong demand for '21, the volumes are at typical levels, rates are up a little bit. And those trends continue to support that. And as I commented in my remarks, over the past four weeks, we've seen even better demand trends for the back half of this year and 2021.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. I'm sorry. One more follow-up to that. Would you say that in the last four weeks there will be new bookings or that re-bookings of those cancelled sailings?
Jason Liberty: Yes. I would say, it's much more new bookings. On the FCCs that we that we have out there, about 20% of them have been applied, but it's a very small percentage of the forward booking period. So, our commentary about the booking environment really relates to new bookings.
Operator: The next question comes from Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Jaime Katz: Hi. Good morning. I have just one quick question. I'm curious if you'd help us parse out how the resilience of FCCs are looking across the income demographics. I think Lindblad had said that more of their customers were taking credits and were better booked. And I'm curious if you're seeing similar trends at Silversea versus Royal Caribbean or RCI, if you're willing to break that out. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: The color that I would give -- I mean, overall, we've been relatively impressed with the numbers that are taking the FCCs and also the utilization of the FCCs. Utilization and those taking FCCs are more skewed towards our loyalty members. But, what you would see is younger cruisers, and I'm really talking to the millennials or the younger part of the millennials are typically looking more for their cash back, while families and baby boomers are likely to take the FCC and utilize it.
Operator: The next question is from Brandt Montour with JPM. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Quickly for Jason. Just wondering, for the system at large, what do you guys see you needing to do in terms of how many ships you need to have sailing to reach breakeven on Company EBITDA? And what does that assume for load factor?
Jason Liberty: Yes. It’s almost impossible question to answer, because of the fluidity of the situation. What I would say is that what we find is for our newer ships, you need about 30% load factors to kind of break even on an EBITDA basis, and then they skew to about 50% load factor onto our older ships. So, it's a -- I would kind of -- if you wanted to kind of build the model, I would think about it that way -- but, we've done a lot to right size our costs. We've done a lot to minimize our capital, so that as you return to service, you certainly do not need the entire fleet operating at full levels to break even. And you don't need load factors to be exceptionally high, either. I think, we just -- a slow Return to Service, you'll get his back to a breakeven EBITDA relatively short period of time.
Brandt Montour: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then, I was curious what your thoughts were on the industry's appetite to scrap ships here and then yourselves specifically as well, if under certain scenarios where things were suspended for a prolonged period of time.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think, there's a lot of opportunity that you'll see here on the capacity side. I do think that you will see ships that are retired at a much higher pace than what we have seen in the past because there really hasn't been that much of a scrapping side. I think, the combination of what's happening with COVID and then the IMO regulations, you'll see interest in some of the older vessels for possible sale. And then there's just the reality that the new building programs for us and probably for the industry, will slow and they'll slow because the yards themselves are -- they’re not really operating, they're just beginning to think about getting back up and running. The supply chain has been impacted. And so, it will take time. And so, you're going to see a permanent shift and delay of new buildings for some time, which is going to weigh on capacity growth numbers for the foreseeable future, because -- especially on the new building side, it’s not a shift and catch up, it's likely to be a very permanent shift.
Operator: The next question will come from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks for taking the questions. Couple of quick follow-ups. One, can you just confirm what percentage of the fleet is currently receiving bookings on for 2021, and whether future cruise credits can still be redeemed for cash? And then, at a bigger picture level, you mentioned access to other forms of liquidity, but how do you think about the right debt level for the Company, both near-term to ensure you still invest appropriately in recovery, but then also longer term based on the experience that you've had in this environment?
Jason Liberty: So, I'll take the second one, Steve, just real quick. In terms of -- our ultimate goal -- our key goal here, which we've been very consistent is to be an investment grade credit. And so, obviously, when we are evaluating additional capital sources, we’re considering leverage, we're considering the negative carry associated with that leverage, and then looking at how do we get ourselves on a path here, in order to get back to our investment grade metrics as soon as possible as we go to Return to Service. Stephen, could you just repeat the first question real quick?
Stephen Grambling: Sorry about that. We had a little bit of an intruder there. But, can you just confirm what percentage of the fleet is currently getting bookings on for 2021 and whether future cruise credits can still be redeemed for cash?
Richard Fain: So, currently, we have really two programs in place, one is Cruise with Confidence, which we launched really as a way to give immense flexibility to existing customers and to customers who are considering sailing because the key really of Cruise with Confidence is even within final penalty and with full payment, you can basically cancel your sailing within 48 hours of departure, and then you can receive a FCC for 100% of the value, which you can then utilize at any point up until the early 2022. So, that's an FCC that is really utilized heavily, because there is no refund -- cash refund option that comes with Cruise with Confidence. It's basically the ability to simply move your booking, whenever you feel comfortable to sail. And then, the other FCC option is provided when we suspend our sailings and then we give the guests basically two choices. Either one, you can have a cash refund of course, or secondly, we'll provide you with a future cruise credit for 125%, which I think as Jason's already mentioned, about 45% of our customers are taking the refund and 55% are holding the future cruise credit to be able to utilize on a future sailing. And we've also introduced, with these programs, something called lift and shift, which allows guests to simply lift up their booking and move it to a future booking, whenever they choose. I'm not sure if I answered your question, but I think I may have answered it.
Jason Liberty: And just add on to it. Currently, our entire fleet and brands are available for sale for 2021.
Operator: The next question will come from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: I wanted to get a sense of maybe, if that operating expense or burn rate you talked about, the $150 million to $170 million I think is what you've said before. Because you mentioned your ships are maybe in sort of various stages of layup. So, just wondering, how much that 150 to 170 in operating expense per month could come down, when you have everything laid up as much as you expected to be?
Jason Liberty: Yes. I wish I can give you an executive number, because some of it just has to do with -- there's a way of cost and then also the movement of the crew and so forth. But, there's definitely opportunity in that 150 to 175. I mean, typically, when we're laying up a ship, if it's in a, call a cold state, it's about between 1 million and 1.5 million a month; and in a warm way up, it’s somewhere between 2 million to 2.5 million a month. So there's the opportunity to move more of those into a cooler layup. The thing that we also have to think about is as we bring them back up, the cooler you make them, the more it will cost to bring them from a cool layup into a hot state to be able to operate. So, some of it is just looking at the Return to Service plan and being thoughtful about which ships are going to come up first. As Richard commented, it's not a light switch. It's more of a dimmer that as we bring the fleet back on. And so that's one of the things that's kind of on the consideration. But, there's definitely opportunity there. It's not going to be zero. But, it's certainly could be better than the 150 million.
Robin Farley: And then, just kind of clarification, you talked about the number taking cash. And you noted in the release was as of April 30th. I'm just wondering, if in the last three weeks, you’ve seen an increasing rate of that or not, only because another cruise line has talked about an increasing rate of people taking the future cruise credit. So, I'm wondering if you're saying the same thing. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: So, overall, I mean, what we're seeing average wise is about 45%. There has been a little bit of an increase relative to what we were experiencing previously in the rate of guests that are taking the cash versus the FCC. But, most of that has to do with the mix of the guests and sort of more -- as you start getting to be a little bit more internationally sourced on some things, what we're finding is, guests from other parts of the world more often not choose cash versus the FCC, which is a different pattern than what we've seen in markets like North America.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: The next question will come from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Sharon Zackfia: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for all the color this morning. I guess, one thing that would be helpful to understand is kind of your ability to scale the costs on the ships, as you resume operations. So typically, we thought of the ships as fairly fixed cost. And I don't know what your ability is to scale labor to initial loads or how would you think about that going forward?
Jason Liberty: In current states like this, we have much more variability opportunity on your costs. And that's because, as you know what your load factors are going to be or you think they're going to be, then you're able to bring the crew on and off the ship in a more flexible manner, which is where a lot of your fixed costs are. So, I think that we see more variability than what we have historically seen as our ships return to service. And a lot of that will be also deployment based.
Sharon Zackfia: And Jason, I might have missed this. But, did you indicate any kind of range as to what initial load might look like?
Jason Liberty: We have not. You did not miss it, Sharon.
Sharon Zackfia: Would you like to give us any kind of estimate there?
Jason Liberty: I would not. I think, a lot of it will be determined based off of the dialogues we're having with different regulators and the CDC and so forth. That would be more of the -- that will be more of what calibrates our thinking around load factors.
Operator: The next question will come from Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Please go ahead. 
Assia Georgieva: Good morning. And thank you for taking my question. Given the fact that pretty much all Carnival brands have extended their pause of operations for a much longer period that you had anticipated, then just a couple of hours ago, you may have -- you probably saw Norwegian also extended their pause. Are you considering canceling further voyages? June 12 seems to be only three weeks away and maybe a little too soon. Have I missed a further extension?
Michael Bayley: Hi. Assia, it's Michael. Interestingly our plan is this afternoon will be enhancing further suspension of voyages until the end of July, until July 31. The only exception to the suspension will be China operations.
Assia Georgieva: Thank you, Michael. That makes a lot of sense. And separately on the logistics front. It seems that ports allowing whether embarkation, disembarkation ports or ports that you visit, allowing ships to enter their communities might be a big hurdle. Is that something that plays into the thinking as to which itineraries would open up outside of Asia?
Richard Fain: Yes. It's a great point. And interestingly, we are already in dialogue with over 30 different ports and destinations around the world in terms of plans and Return to Service. And it's surprising how many ports and destinations are very interested in returning to service and opening. And in fact, we get many calls asking us when are we going to bring our ships there? So, we're in that discussion, and that requires a lot of planning because it needs to be really part of our Healthy Return to Service. I think one thing fairly true is that for example, in the American market, [Technical Difficulty].
Assia Georgieva: I kind of lost you there. But I think you mentioned Perfect Day would be available to open up a lot sooner. And that makes perfect sense. I didn't mean that. Perfect day, perfect sense, but it works, I guess. It seems to me -- and since you were on the call yesterday with the members of the CLIA and the European Nations, that's probably [Technical Difficulty] in the Caribbean might be a lot more willing and interested in opening up sooner as opposed to European ports, despite the fact that Europe is probably further along the curve that we're on. Is that a fair assessment?
Richard Fain: It’s very -- I don't think you can generalize one over the other. I think it's a very -- it's a mixed story. I think, in many ways, every region, every country is on their own journey. And I think maybe you can generalize to say that certainly China and Asia went through this first. So, it's just logical that they're emerging from this first. And I think it's the same thing with Europe, and now of course, with everything in the U.S. in the Caribbean. So, there's a kind of a logical relationship with how people first went into this as a society and how people are thinking about coming out of it.
Assia Georgieva: That makes sense. If I can sneak one last one in here. Jason, you mentioned that the newer larger vessels would get to EBITDA, breakeven at about 30% occupancy, they also provide an opportunity for better social distancing. Does it make more sense to actually go with those vessels first, as opposed to smaller vessels?
Jason Liberty: So, good point, Assia. So first, I would say is there -- load factors can be lower because they have great economies of scale. They're extremely fuel efficient, and cabin category makes it very reach. Really more broadly within the fleet, our fleet is very -- the public space [Technical Difficulty] is very good. But certainly the newer ships have a more public space for past few years and would be heavily in consideration for the Return to Service, as well as other ships that we've modernized and have more venues on to.
Operator: The next question comes from the Vince Ciepiel. Your line is open.
Vince Ciepiel: A variety of folks in the travel industry keep mentioning the unprecedented nature of this fall off in demand. So, when you look at your '21 pricing, it actually sounds quite healthy. Can you compare what you think the industry is doing, what you are doing with pricing for the next 6, 12 or 18 months out relative to kind of what happened in the ‘08, ‘09 timeframe, because it seems like people are kind of holding the line in a stronger manner.
Jason Liberty: Yes. I'm sorry for all the background. I’m not quite sure what line is open. But…
Richard Fain: Yes. I think we should ask the operator, because it's not one of our lines.
Jason Liberty: Yes. So, I was -- I think to your point, one of the things that we've generally been seeing is that, I think all the effort around price integrity that we've done and I think others in the industry have done, what we've seen is people being much more measured in terms of taking pricing action. You see more packaging, more promotional activity, but we are seeing your pricing stay relatively stable. And of course, the likelihood that there's going to be some lower load factors for a period of time will also help support that pricing going into the early part of next year. Okay. So, thank you for your assistance today, Sia, with the calls today. And we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the Company. Carola will be available for any follow-up you might have. And from our homes, we wish you all a really great day, and take care. Be safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Mariama, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our Investors website www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update this information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency adjusted basis. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow up with a recap of our fourth quarter and full year results for 2019. I will then provide an update on the current booking environment, then provide guidance for the full year and fourth quarter of 2020. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thank you Jason and good morning everyone. Obviously the biggest issue of the day is the Wuhan Coronavirus, and as you all know this virus has infected over 20,000 people in China and they have taken unprecedented steps to contain it. They've essentially locked down the country and they're acting quickly and aggressively to combat the spread, so have other countries. Unfortunately, no one knows how this outbreak will play out, and we don't know how it will ultimately impact us. So far, we've cancelled some sailings and we've modified some itineraries that extend through March 4th. These actions will cost us approximately $0.25 per share, but it seems likely that we will have to cancel more, but we don't yet know how many. We also expect that there will be an impact on future bookings in China, especially in the immediate aftermath of the illness but again we just don't know.  One important bright spot is that looking beyond the current outbreak we aren't seeing a big impact on overall bookings elsewhere. But again, and here I'm sounding like a broken record, we just don't know. To put things in context, China was expected to account for about 6% of our full year capacity and 4% of the capacity in the first quarter. Spectrum of the Seas is currently our only ship in China with two other ships scheduled to enter the market in May and July respectively. Spectrum was doing very well before this outbreak, so this is all very disappointing to us. So far, we've had to cancel eight China sailings and modified several itineraries that go through March 4. Unfortunately, there are still too many variables and uncertainties regarding the situation to calculate the overall impact on the business or give you a good estimate of what the ultimate impact will be. That said, we continue to feel positive about and committed to the long-term growth potential in China, a market that we've been in for more than 10 years.  In conjunction with CLIA, our industry trade group, we have initiated strong safeguards to help contain the spread of the disease and to protect our guests and crew. These include regardless of nationality, the company will deny boarding to any individual who's traveled from, to, or through Mainland China or Hong Kong in the past 15 days. These guests will receive full refunds. There will be mandatory specialized health screenings performed on guests who have been in contact with individuals who have traveled from, to, or through Mainland China or Hong Kong in the past 15 days. All holders of China or Hong Kong passports regardless of when they were last in China or Hong Kong, guests who report feeling unwell or demonstrate any flu like symptoms, and these standards also apply to employees, crew members, and contractors. All these steps that we're taking and others are taking are expected to ultimately contain the virus, but we don't know how long that will take.  Now, returning to 2019. I will start out by saying that it was another incredibly busy and successful year. Our teams achieved all-time record financial results delivering an adjusted EPS of $9.54 while introducing three new vessels, launching the very successful perfect day destination, consolidating Silversea, modernizing six ships, and implementing its Excalibur on most of the fleet. Our guest satisfaction scores are at an all-time high and so are our employee engagement scores. I'm gratified to note that our teams achieved these record results while also having more than their fair share of unique incidents like the Oasis dry dock, Cuba, Hurricane Dorian, etc. I believe that this is a testament to a strategy that works, a product that's great, and a group of people that is the best at what they do.  Now this particular earnings call is special as we are once again announcing a new set of long-term goals. Our management team is very goal oriented, and we have found that establishing clear, simple, and ambitious targets motivates our people and drives superior results. This worked successfully with projects as diverse as Double-Double, Perfect Day, and Project Edge. Our people are amazing and when we get all of them pulling in the same direction, nothing stops us. In this case, our idea is to focus on what we're calling the three P's: people, profit, and planet. We strongly believe that if we attend to these three elements we can achieve even greater heights. We're calling the program 20>25 by 2025. The program consists of five goals, the first two of which are reflected in the title.  Slide 1 shows the logo we're using internally for this program. The first goal is to reach adjusted earnings per share of $20 per share by 2025. We think that's a worthy goal on its own, but I remind all of you on this call that our real objective is not to reach these goals but to exceed them. It's a bit like tennis where they always tell you not to hit the ball but to hit through the ball. Our goal is not just to improve 2025 results, it is to use that as a steppingstone to a new base that will take us to new and better highs. The second goal is to reduce our carbon footprint by an additional 25%. That's on top of what we've already achieved with our WWF commitment today. Now this goal that we're announcing today is 10% greater and will be achieved five years earlier than the International Maritime Organization's goal, it's a big deal. The third and fourth goals are to increase our employee engagement from the record levels we're currently enjoying. We always emphasize that our success is based on the awesome work of our employees, and we want to ensure that we're taking the steps necessary to generate their continued commitment. We are also proud of the level of guest satisfaction that this commitment produces. Our fourth goal therefore is to continue to raise those satisfaction metrics.  Lastly we need to accomplish all this while ensuring that we keep our focus on the returns we generate on invested capital. This involves maintaining a high level of discipline on capital spending and on operating leverage. We believe that we will do well even without such a program. Nevertheless adopting the clear and simple 20>25 by 2025 goals will help guide our decision making every day. That will focus our attention on people, profits, and planet. These 2025 goals really motivate and drive performance which in turn not only makes these goals -- makes achieving these goals more likely, it makes exceeding these goals more likely too. We do intend to provide greater detail on the specifics of the 20>25 by 2025 program in our 10-K which will be out in a few weeks.  Now I'd like to update you on the booking environment for the year. Jason will give a little more but I want to focus on it and given the uncertainties around the virus all of my comments will exclude the impact of that. We're always eager to start the year and see what Wave season brings. It's an important part of our volume but it also serves as a harbinger for the rest of the year. And I'm happy to say that this year's Wave makes us very optimistic about 2020. I'm always amazed by how accurate our revenue management teams have been in the past and this year they expect yields to increase broadly in the range of 2.25% to 4.25%. As always there are some areas that do better than others and some special circumstances for example the brushfires in Australia but overall our forecast was for a nice bump to our already excellent 2019 yields.  Now it's also important to look at the cost side of the equation and we estimate that our net cruise cost excluding fuel will be up 1.75% to 2.5%. Our cost outlook reflects our culture of continuous improvement and innovation. Nevertheless as I've mentioned in the past costs are not always perfectly aligned with the benefits they carry. For example we continue to invest in our people, in new technology, and our sustainability efforts as well as digital. In all these cases we've spent money in the past two years and we will continue to spend money in 2020. Something similar can be said regarding the employment of our capital. These decisions are focused on the long-term of our business and I believe they are very much in our investors best interests.  Lastly I will brag a little bit about our stunning new ships in 2020. Among them is the first full year of operation of Spectrum of the Seas, Celebrity Flora in the Galapagos and Mein Schiff 2 in the German market. All these ships had a phenomenal inaugural season in their respective markets and we're very happy with their performance. However during 2020 we'll deliver four additional new ships Celebrity Apex for the Celebrity brand, Silversea Moon and Silver Origin for Silversea Cruises and Odyssey of the Seas for Royal Caribbean International. All these new vessels attract significant premiums and will help position 2020 for another year of strong yield growth and success. With that I will now turn the microphone back to Jason. Jason. 
Jason Liberty: Thank you Richard. I will now take you through our results for the fourth quarter of 2019. These results are summarized on Slide 3. For the quarter we generated adjusted net income of $1.42 per share which is slightly higher than the midpoint of our guidance. In summary, revenue came in as planned and better than expected performance from our joint ventures and below the line activities more than offset the increased costs. On the revenue side net yields were up 6.8% for the quarter in line with our guidance. Approximately 300 basis points of the yield growth was driven by the benefits of Silversea, Perfect Day, and Terminal A. New hardware and like for like yield improvement drove the other 380 basis points of yield growth for the quarter. On the cost side net cruise cost excluding fuel per APCD were up 15.9% which was higher than guidance driven mainly by marine related costs and employee related expenses. In addition during this quarter we repurchased $100 million in shares.  I will now discuss our full year results which we have summarized on Slide 4. By all accounts 2019 was another year of very strong performance. We generated over $2 billion in adjusted net income resulting in earnings per share of $9.54 making 2019 another record year. This record result was achieved despite the unfavorable impact from the incident in the Grand Bahama Shipyard, the abrupt cancellation of voyages to Cuba, and the operational disruption generated by Hurricane Dorian. Our leading brand and world class workforce delivered this strong financial performance while also driving record net promoter scores and record employee engagement metrics.  To summarize the revenue performance for the year, yields were up 8% crowning a decade of uninterrupted revenue growth. This result was almost 50 basis points higher than our initial January guidance despite an 80 basis point headwind from a combination of a Cuba policy change, Hurricane Dorian, and the Grand Bahama incident. Strong demand from our core products for our key markets, the higher pricing related to our private destinations in the Bahamas drove the overall outperformance for the year. Now the main driver of the year-over-year improvement was strong like for like yield growth, our incredible new hardware, the launching of Perfect Day, and the consolidation of Silversea. On the cost side net cruise cost excluding fuel were up 11.4%. The main driver behind the year-over-year increase was the consolidation of Silverseas operations, the new operations of Perfect Day, and our terminal in Miami. Lost APCDs due to the Grand Bahama Shipyard incident and investments in technology and digital capabilities drove the balance.  Now I will update you on what we are seeing in the demand environment, over the last three months bookings have been consistently outpacing same time last year and Wave is off to an excellent start with 2020 booking trends ahead for each of our four brands. In fact the second full week of January was a record booking week for the company. Pricing has also been strong and as a result 2020 is booked ahead of same time last year in both APD and load factor on a like for like basis. We've been highlighting ongoing strength in demand from North America for at least two years and I'm happy to say that there are no signs of a slowdown. In fact we are seeing better overall pricing and demand from North America than ever before with Perfect Day and our ship modernization program providing a clear boost. We are centered to the fact that this is an election year in the U.S. consequently we have modified our booking curves to reflect the short lived slowdown that we typically see during the second or third weeks surrounding the election.  Now I'll give you a brief overview of our capacity and deployment changes for 2020. Our overall capacity will increase 4.8% year-over-year. Itineraries in North America account for close to 60% of our capacity and are trending very well. We've slowly increased our capacity in the Caribbean driven by inaugural winter seasons for Celebrity Apex and Odyssey of the Seas and therefore the product will represent just over half of our overall deployment. Other key itinerary changes include a year round short Caribbean program or Independent to the Seas visiting Perfect Day and a summer program for the modernized Oasis of the Seas in the Northeast. Bookings for the Caribbean have been nicely higher than last year and all signs point to this year as being our best Caribbean season yet.  Alaska sailings account for about 5% of our capacity and are booked nicely ahead of same time last year. We've said we increased our 2020 capacity with an incremental ship for Royal Caribbean more than offsetting the redeployment of an Azamara ship. As it pertains to Bermuda, this product only accounts for a small portion of our overall capacity and is also booked well ahead of same time last year. Now the robust booking environment trends from North American guests are also benefiting itineraries in Europe. We also expect trends in the UK to be more predictable this year given the recent BREXIT withdrawal agreement. That being said we have made some changes to our European itineraries to reduce dependence on European markets and provide even more global appeal. Overall European sailings will account for 17% of our capacity this year with dry dock, timing, inaugural seasons for Celebrity Apex and Silver Moon driving capacity up year-over-year. Bookings were similar to the same time last year over the past three months and had been up nicely during Wave.  Now moving to Asia Pacific, these itineraries account for 17% of our full year capacity and account for 21% in the first quarter. China in particular represents 6% of our capacity for the full year and 4% in the first quarter with one ship Spectrum of the Seas at home ports in Shanghai. China sailings were trending particularly well prior to the outbreak of the Coronavirus with APDs up nicely year-over-year and load factors in line with our expectations. As I've noted it's clear that the virus will impact revenue in China at least in the short-term but nevertheless our plans to continue to grow in this profitable market remains unchanged.  Australia sailings account for 7% of our capacity and our books slightly behind for the year. However recent trends in Q1 and Q2 have been better with particular strong closing demand from the Australian market during Wave. Taking all of this into account if you turn to Slide 5 you will see our guidance for 2020. As a reminder and as Richard mentioned there remains too many variables and uncertainties to reasonably estimate the overall financial impact relating to the Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak. As such our guidance and key metrics for the full year and the first quarter do not include any financial impact that relates to this very fluid situation.  Our yield outlook for 2020 is very strong, we expect net revenue yield growth of 2.25% to 4.25% for the full year which makes 2020 our 11th consecutive year of yield growth. The underlying yield improvement is driven by new hardware, strong demand for our core products, and continued growth from our onboard revenue areas. As I previously mentioned we are very excited about the introduction of our four new ships during 2020 as they will be important contributors to the overall net yield growth. Now the timing of the new ship deliveries will result in more significant yield growth in the second half of the year than in the first half.  Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be up 1.75% to 2.25% for the full year. Cost control continues to be a focus, however, this metric will have an uneven cadence throughout the year mainly driven by the dry dock schedule, the new ship deliveries, and year-over-year comparables. This will result in a more significant cost increase in the first half of the year than in the second half. Our depreciation for the year will be in the range of 1,376 million and 1,392 million. As a result our investment in technology and digital projects are becoming a larger mix of our capital program and generally have a shorter useful life than our typical capital investments. Also this year we will deliver two new Silversea ships.  As I mentioned in the past being in a luxury expedition segment Silversea's depreciation per berth is significantly higher than our corporate average. We have included 744 million of fuel expense for the year and we are 54% hedged. Based on current fuel pricing, currency exchange, and interest rates, and excluding the impact from the Coronavirus, we expect another record breaking year with earnings per share between $10.40 and $10.70.  Now I would like to walk you through our first quarter guidance on Slide 6. Net revenue yields are expected to be down approximately 0.5%. Demand for the core products is very strong and our core Caribbean yields are up nicely for the quarter despite a difficult comparable. Now while Wave bookings trends have been strong for itineraries based in North America and Europe, recent events around the globe have impacted demand for some of our international itineraries specifically the unprecedented bushfires in Australia and recent activities in Hong Kong and the Middle East are each having an outsized impact on revenue for the first quarter. Moreover it is important to highlight that first quarter is also being negatively impacted by other structural elements such as the discontinuation of Cuba sailings which equals a headwind of approx me 120 basis points, the lack of new ship deliveries, and a tough year-over-year comparable as we are lapping the inaugural season of two new ships during the first quarter of 2019. Notably both Symphony of the Seas and Celebrity Edge had very successful inaugural seasons in the Caribbean last year. Additionally FX and fuel are negatively impacting the quarter year-over-year by approximately $0.15.  All these issues make for a tough first quarter in terms of revenue growth. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be up approximate 3% for the quarter. Taking all this into account and excluding any impacts from Coronavirus we expect adjusted earnings to be in the range of $0.80 to $0.85 per share. Before we open up the session for the Q&A I will highlight that we are very excited about the introduction of our 20>25 by 2025 goals that will further support our focus on our people, driving profit, and taking care of our planet. We have stressed before that our strong financial performance is driven by modestly growing our yields, effectively managing our costs, and moderately growing our business. With that formula in mind we have now set a goal of $20 in earnings per share by 2025 which equates to a compound annual growth rate of almost 14% while delivering strong returns on invested capital. This is a meaningful growth trajectory but we believe that we have the right formula and the right people to get this done.  At the same time we are pairing these ambitious financial goals with environmental targets specifically with reducing our carbon emission by 25%. This does not happen overnight. We have been working on this for some time already with our world class design, engineering, and operation teams developing new and different products and processes to meaningfully and positively affect our environmental impact. With that I will ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Your line is open. 
Steven Wieczynski: Hey guys, good morning. So I know you are going to get a bunch of questions about China and I know this virus noise is a total unknown. But have you guys thought about any contingency plans in case this virus impact lasts longer than expected, and I guess what I mean by that is what options do you have for those ships that are in affected markets? Can you can you move those, would you try to move those, or could you actually take them out of service for a period of time?
Michael Bayley: Hi Steve, it's Michael. Yeah, I mean obviously we have contingency plans for all of our ships deployed globally, and it’s part of our overall planning process. So, in the case of -- at the moment, it's really Spectrum that's been removed from the China market and that's safely sailing with our crew. We have plans obviously, but I think as we've all said, it's really difficult to understand what is going to happen. I think we're all waiting to see. But we do have alternative plans in place, and we can either redeploy regionally or outside of the region, but we do have plans in place.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay got you. And then Richard or Jason, you gave a lot of good details about your new 20>25 program, but can you help us think a little bit about -- think about what some of your underlying assumptions are that go into that, and I guess what I mean is that you're basically assuming around kind of 14%ish earnings growth per year which is obviously very, very strong. Are your yield assumptions for the next couple of years kind of still inside that normal what you guys would call a normal 2% to 4% yield range?
Richard D. Fain: Yeah, Steve we set up these programs really to motivate our management, and I emphasize that these aren't -- we're not making predictions here, we're setting goals. And our focus is to try and not only get people to focus on doing their job more effectively but also to use innovation to find new and different ways to do it. So, I don't think I'm in a position to say well, we're going to do this by yields and this by costs and this by new investments, etc. We're looking at the whole panoply. And again, I would also emphasize we're looking at five goals and we think these are all very much interrelated. We're not going to get the earnings we want if we don't get good returns on our invested capital. We're not going to get good growth in our yields if our guests aren't happy and our crew members aren't engaged, and our people aren't focused. So, all these things work together and we think together that's the way to achieve our best outcome. But we haven't broken it out in terms of this much from yield, and this much from something else. 
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, got you and then Jason one quick housekeeping question if I could. Your capacity growth for the first quarter is 4.5%. Any idea what that would look like once you remove the eight sailings that have been canceled right now, is that material to that number?
Jason Liberty: Well, it will certainly decrease. I think it will decrease it by about a 100 basis points for those eight canceled sailings based off of what goes through the March 4 date. 
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks guys, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harry Curtis with Instinet. Your line is open.
Harry Curtis: Hi, good morning everybody. My first question has to do with the first quarter. You had given us a great deal of detail, but there seems to be a fair difference in the equity pickup line item in 2020 versus last year. Can you speak to what the extent of that is and to what degree the Grand Bahama JV contributed last year, and your expectations that have been built in for 2020? Thanks. 
Jason Liberty: Yeah, good morning Harry. Actually, you really hit on the main driver below the line is the Grand Bahama Shipyard, and the loss of the dock for that yard, and so we do not expect that dock to be back on line in 2020, likely in 2021. So, the income that we were receiving which of course since it is a joint venture, and it's an equity pickup, that's where we had expected it to be and that's what's affecting us.
Harry Curtis: Okay, and the second question, going -- looking out to 2025. How much cash do you think you should be able to generate after all CAPEX over the next five years, and are you in this goal, not necessarily guidance, are you assuming any share repurchase in this? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. So, we're not going to get into the ebbs and flows of what's there. I mean I think our formula for success, which is moderate yield growth, good cost control while investing in our business and growing our business, and I think at least for the next three or four years there's a very good understanding on how our capacity is going to grow as part of that. I think when you look at -- if you run that 14% CAGR and you keep in mind that our goal is to maintain our leverage between 3x and 3.5x that that will leave you with a substantial amount of cash that will be available to shareholders. 
Harry Curtis: But you should, just directionally, you should be also generating some operating cash, a reasonable amount of operating cash net of CAPEX? 
Jason Liberty: With that growth rate, yes. 
Harry Curtis: Okay, very good, appreciate it. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Jared Shojaian: Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my question. So in the prepared remarks you noted that you're not really seeing big impact on the non-China booking since the virus, can you maybe elaborate a little bit on that in terms of what you have seen with bookings or cancellations in the last week, and then can you also just update us on what percentage of your deposits today are non-refundable versus what that was maybe five years ago and how that could be helping in this environment?
Michael Bayley: Hi Jared, this is Michael. Good morning. Yeah I think we're kind of pleased with what we're seeing in all of our markets around the world with of course the exception of what's occurring in China. When you look at the call center inbound activity as it relates to questions, concerns that both our trade partners and our customers are asking us, any issue related to the virus is relatively small. There are inquiries asking what our policies and practices are, etc. But it's really a tiny percentage, it's under 1.5% of the calls coming in. And we feel good about the booking activity for Caribbean, Alaska, and Europe and generally international. With regards to the second question on the non-refundables, we didn't have them in place five years ago. I think if I recall we introduced them about three -- two to three years ago. I'm very pleased with the results that we have. I don't think we've ever given an actual percentage number of non-refundables but they're very attractive to the customers and of course they're very sticky bookings. So we're pleased. Year-over-year we've seen improvement in the number of customers who choose that option. 
Jason Liberty: Just to add onto it, I think last week just remember that it was the Chinese New Year. So our expectations on booking activity was actually pretty low. Our commentary or my commentary around the booking environment is really what we're seeing to date. So when we think about being in a strong reposition, load factor position, our commentary or strength around North America's demand for North American products and European products, on the positive commentary about Europe is all kind of incorporating what we've been seeing. If you actually look at our 2020 bookings since our last call our booking activity is up 6% versus a person at that point in time. So if you take out the Coronavirus just for a moment what you're seeing is really kind of continued strength in demand for our brand and for our products.
Jared Shojaian: Okay, thank you. That's helpful. And then just as a follow up last year you were talking about double-digit premiums for itineraries that had CocoCay, are you still seeing that right now or is there some degree of when you bring a new ship on there's inaugural pricing and then you start lapping that, are you still getting those same type of premiums today. And then in your yield guide of 2.25% to 4.25% how much of that is because of CocoCay both the ticket and the non-ticket assumptions?
Michael Bayley: Hi Jared, this is Michael. I'll let Jason respond to the question on the yield guide but with regards to Perfect Day and the demand that we're seeing coming through we're very pleased with both demand and rate, and I think the volume that we're expecting out of Perfect Day sure is close to 2.4 million guests. We've deployed more ships into Perfect Day and we've been really pleased with both the demand and the pricing for the product.
Jason Liberty: So you're taking the midpoint of our guide about a 100 basis points is going to be driven by the new hardware that's coming on and the balance of that which also includes Perfect Day is coming from like for like improvement. So we're -- I would say we are very, very kind of encouraged and we're not going to break out five months of Perfect Day in terms of our yield guidance.
Michael Bayley: Just to add to that on Friday we opened up the Coco Beach Club in Perfect Day and that is another new element of the experience and the over -- well the cabanas is selling for $1500 a day and they are pretty much booked at. 
Jared Shojaian: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: We kindly request that you limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up question. Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good morning and thank you. Jason I was just wondering if you could dissect for us the $0.25 impact or the anticipated I should say $0.25 EPS impact from the cancelled eight cruises just wanted to clarify or ask if that's mostly cost, I know that when you cancel cruises there's usually not -- there's usually not a corresponding yield impact since you're removing the APCDs but in this case especially the Chinese New Year cruises some of those yielded -- I'm wondering some of those yielded higher than your corporate average and if so if there was any yield impact or if you're anticipating any yield impact from the cancellations? 
Jason Liberty: Yeah, so on that $0.25, the vast majority of it, so maybe a couple pennies of it is cost related and the balance of it is really -- it is going to be a top line driven. As you pointed out Felicia we did lose two sailings that were during that very high yielding New Year's week. So we do expect it to play a little bit on the yield especially in the first quarter and less so on the balance of the year as those APCDs get taken out. Obviously on the absolute revenue side the vast majority of that $0.25 will come out of our top line? 
Felicia Hendrix: Right, but is there any way to kind of help us understand in your guidance how you were -- I guess it's not in your guidance but how to maybe think about the higher yielding -- loss of the higher yield increases because like if they were lower yielding than your corporate average they would not have an impact on the yields, right?
Jason Liberty: Right, but in the first quarter they are slightly higher than our quarter average but as it is for the full year it's pretty close to the overall average.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, but there is no way to help us figure out if we wanted to layer it in our estimates?
Jason Liberty: No, we're not going to be guiding for the first quarter or the full year as it relates to us.
Felicia Hendrix: Alright, and then just regarding your commentary on Australia, I'm just wondering if you could help us understand what your deployment to Australia is specifically on a quarterly basis and for the full year and maybe help us know what are you doing to mitigate the lower demand you're seeing for the region or any alterations you're making to accommodate for this situation there? And then also just hoping you can reconcile the comment that closing bookings are strong for Australia with the impact you're seeing in Australia?
Jason Liberty: Sure, so Australia for the year Q1 and Q4 are the heavy periods. There is a little bit that happens in Q2 so in the first quarter Australia is about 12% of our capacity, in the fourth quarter it's about 11% of our capacity. In the second quarter it is about 4% of our capacity. So really the commentary was during those brushfires what we saw was obviously the consumer, the local consumer was very focused on what was happening there in their country. So we saw a little bit of pullback in terms of activity for close in. What we did see as things kind of settled down there is an acceleration of demand. And so we were able to fill those ships, we were able to fill the ships but at slightly lower pricing just due to the timing of all of it. 
Felicia Hendrix: Are you seeing more normalized behavior now.
Jason Liberty: Yes. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, great. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Katz with Morningstar. Your line is open. 
Jamie Katz: Hi, good morning. You guys have made some commentary that you were reducing dependence on European markets. I think that's not surprising given some of the commentary we've heard in recent quarters. But do you have any additional insight on the implied weakness that that would offer us maybe what you're seeing on a more country or regional specific basis?
Richard D. Fain: Yeah, I'll just make a few comments and Michael can jump in. It's not a question of us shifting our sourcing based off of what we're seeing today. Based off of what we were seeing last year our brands made changes to their deployment that really maybe the global appeal greater. Meaning that you can source from more markets versus maybe having a ship that was significantly dependent on the UK market as an example. So our sourcing is a little bit different for Europe this year but a lot that's just driven by us globalizing the sourcing markets for our brands and our products that are based in Europe.
Jamie Katz: Okay, and then can I just get a clarification on Alaska. I think you had said that it was ahead in bookings but I don't know if there was a commentary on pricing and I know for Carnival that was sort of a dodgy area last year. So if you have any insight on the pricing in the region that would be helpful? Thanks.
Richard D. Fain: Yeah, I would just comment in general if you take out Azamara, because Azamara won't be in Alaska this year, it is one of our higher yielding brands. We expect a yield improvement in that product this year. Okay, next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
James Hardiman: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my call. So obviously pretty encouraging to hear that the Coronavirus issue hasn't impacted any of or doesn’t seem to have impacted the Western bookings. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the flight cruise market coming out of China, how big is that, and is there any impact in that $0.25 number from the potential passengers flying out of China getting on ships elsewhere?
Michael Bayley: Hi James, this is Michael. Yeah, I mean we've actually been quite active in developing the outbound market and of course this kind of really hit during the spring festival week. So we had some outbound business going to ships around the world. But of course a lot of that ended up canceling. That number is built into the $0.25 that we've already spoken about. Now obviously there are -- there's really no outbound business but it peaked during the spring week and then it dropped down significantly after that. So it's really minimal impact at the moment.
Jason Liberty: And James just to add into it, the benefits, I mean obviously the ships like Spectrum of the Seas which is really dedicated to the Chinese market has a greater impact to us because 99.5% of those guests are Chinese. With the outbound space we have the opportunity to be able to source guests from other markets which will help abate some of that risk.
James Hardiman: That's helpful. And then just as a follow up and this might be difficult at this point obviously but are there any rules of thumb as we think about modeling your earnings power not just as of today but as news develops, there is sort of rule of thumb every time a voyage gets canceled, the $0.25 eight voyages would get us to about $0.03 per ship, is it that simple, I'm assuming that it's not but how do we think about that and have you thought about your communication strategy as we move forward and you learn more we're going to be getting sort of updates, press releases, or are we likely not going to hear from you for the next two or three months as news develops?
Jason Liberty: So it's not that linear or you just take a certain number of per voyage. There is variations depending on the timing of those sailings inside the months that are out there and obviously we don't have a second ship coming in now for several months. I think in terms of our communication strategy I don't think we have a set timeline to it. But I think that we kind of pride ourselves with being transparent to the investment community and as we learn more I think we would we would try to take the opportunity to share that impact.
James Hardiman: Got it. Good luck. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank your next question comes from Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Timothy Conder: Thank you and thank you for the color gentlemen, just a couple more. Jason you'd said that obviously as you continue to ramp up the technology component of your CAPEX that does have a shorter depreciable life. And then that's where some of the additional spending is occurring along with some employee costs in 2020. But is there anything you're doing maybe amping up a little bit of marketing just given everything that's gone on here year-to-date and maybe the increased uncertainty as to how that could or could not impact other areas, thankfully it hasn't so far, is there any component of that in your spending? And then also related to the cost, can you quantify for us the Grand Bahama impact to the equity income or just some ballpark area as well as the wildfires and the other geopolitical items? Thank you. 
Jason Liberty: Sure, so on the marketing side there's really more marketing costs in the first half of the year. Most of that is just driven due to the election coming up so we are trying to get ahead of that cycle. As it relates to Grand Bahama as I said the first quarter there's about $0.12 or $0.13 -- I'm sorry 12 million to 13 million of equity pickup loss due to that dry dock being closed.
Timothy Conder: Okay, and then any quantification on the Australian wildfire impact or Hong Kong and Middle East impacts?
Jason Liberty: No, but certainly Dubai due to the Middle East, Australia and Hong Kong have weighing on our yields in the first quarter.
Timothy Conder: Okay. If I may throw one other, two week cruise, how's that looking at this point, the demand from that JV on a year-over-year basis? 
Jason Liberty: Yeah, so 2019 was a more challenging top line year for the German market. But as we look into 2020 we're seeing a lot of strength in booking on both a rate and volume basis.
Timothy Conder: Great, Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Your line is open. 
Robin Farley: Thanks, two questions [Question Inaudible]. 
Jason Liberty: Robin we're having trouble hearing you, it's very in and out. So I didn't even hear the question.
Robin Farley: [Question Inaudible] if you came in at the range where you've been growing yields the last three years that there would be upside to that 2025 number?
Jason Liberty: Sure, sure. So, first as Richard says we're not just trying to hit the ball we're trying to swing through the ball. And if you look at -- or in my commentary I think what we're looking for here is to leverage the investments we're making to have moderate yield growth and continue to have good cost to someone.
Robin Farley: [Question Inaudible].
Jason Liberty: So, the only word I heard there was China Robin. So why don't -- I'll follow up with you after to answer the question. But it was very difficult to hear you as well. I will follow up with you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Stephen Grambling: Thanks, two follow-ups and can you hear me.
Jason Liberty: So I can hear you perfectly, yes. 
Stephen Grambling: Awesome, so first on TUI how do you think about the value opportunity in continental Europe brands whether organically through TUI or via M&A longer-term? And then second on the near-term first quarter targets, can you just talk to what is embedded in the net cruise costs, kind of across dry dock, puts and takes, marketing costs, etc.? Thanks. 
Jason Liberty: Well as it relates to your two cruises obviously I mean the performance of that brand has been exceptional and we really believe that in the German market and TUI cruises is positioned in that market. How it's trading, how it's growing in its demand. We're very happy and which makes us very excited about the German market and the overall European market. As it relates to on the cost, I think you were talking about the first quarter your cost piece, the main drivers in that first quarter are really just driven by investments in marketing and technology and in G&A. Certainly Perfect Day plays into that a little bit about 60 basis points of the first quarter cost increase.
Stephen Grambling: So I guess a quick follow up on that. So can you -- is there any way you can help quantify the dry dock puts and takes as we think about the ships that are in and out and maybe the cost of each?
Jason Liberty: Well the dry docks for the first quarter in itself it's lighter in the first half of the year than it is -- I am sorry there's more dry docks in the first half of the year than there is in the first. So probably about a point of that cost increase more or less about a point of the cost increase is driven by us having more dry dock days in the first half of the year -- in the first quarter.
Stephen Grambling: Great, thanks. I'll jump back in the queue. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brandt Montour Montoya with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Brandt Montour: Great, thanks for taking my questions. So you noted the contingency plans that you have in place in China. I'm just wondering if the present situation continued on like it is and the Greater China industry also looking to move ships elsewhere which markets do you think will most likely be the most popular targets and how does that play into your strategy?
Jason Liberty: So Brandt obviously we're monitoring events and we're looking at competitors. We have our plans in place, we have alternatives, we thought it through. I really don't actually want to go into detail on this call about what those plans are because we are in a very competitive environment so we don't want to start talking about where we're planning on deploying if this really does play out to much longer time span.
Brandt Montour: Fair enough, okay. And then on fuel just given the mix shift in the way that your hedge book is probably changed now versus 12 months ago can you give us sort of a sensitivity between the two fuel grade or fuel grade mix on the at the pump portion of your exposure? 
Jason Liberty: Well, our goal is to mainly have a similar mix of our fuel to the balance of 2020 as we had in 2019. We are more hedged on the MGO side and in those schedules we will get published [indiscernible] later in the day for you to be able to have the mix of fuel and those hedge positions and then from there you should be able to look at the flex in MGO and IFO fuels.
Brandt Montour: Great, okay. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Your next question comes from Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research. Your line is open.
Assia Georgieva: Good morning, couple of questions. The first one in terms of China and enforcement of people who have travelled to China in the past within the past 15 days that seems to be somewhat easy looking at their passports but it seems that a couple of the other items that you intend to enforce seem to be on an honor system whether they've been in contact with individuals or reports feeling unwell. Do you think that would be enough to prevent a negative event where you have even let's say one passenger reported with the virus because we saw what happened with Costa and that was a significant hit?
Michael Bayley: Yeah hi it is Michael. Obviously it's a very dynamic and moving situation. We're monitoring this on a daily basis where we have a medical team as part of our company and we're very connected to the World Health Organization and CDC. I think you'll see that as each day passes different countries enforce different rules, protocols, and regulations. We implemented protocols early last week about almost up to two weeks ago. And we're monitoring all of these different protocols. So I think with regards to people who from, to, or transited through Mainland China or Hong Kong nearly all countries now are adopting the same kind of protocols generally. We also have as you say part of it is an honor system. But we have a secondary screening system in place on our fleet that's been in place now for quite some time which monitors activity in passports and of course the passport holder themselves. And we are taking temperatures etcetera, etcetera. So yes, you're right. I mean I think it's of course a possibility but not only our countries but our company itself are taking a series of what we believe to be very prudent and sensible actions that will not entirely eliminate the risk but massively minimize this risk.
Assia Georgieva: Thank you Michael and I definitely will not be allowed on the ship because I'm under the weather as you might be able to hear from my voice. But it's good to know that you're monitoring temperature etc. And as a follow up airlift that has been limited could that affect voyages that sail out of Japan or other destinations in the Pacific including to Australia?
Michael Bayley: Yeah, I mean I think again to my previous comment it's really a dynamic moving situation. There are various changes that are being put into place by different countries, etc. We've seen change with airlift from the for example the Western American Airlines where they did suspend flights in and out of China until the end of March. We're not really seeing a lot of regional disruption in terms of flights, etc. What we are seeing is different countries adopting these various protocols which seem to be moving to a similar protocol. I think the World Health Organization made a point last week when they spoke about the smaller countries that obviously have less resources to deal with this and they tend to still be making different decisions as it relates to their individual protocols. But that's more of an impact on individual itineraries and of course we always have alternative ports to go to visit. So again it's difficult to answer specifically. I think it's just a dynamic moving situation. The good thing is, is that there is a really universal effort to work together to contain and minimize the impact of this situation.
Assia Georgieva: Fair enough and then if I can sneak one last one and here's my wishful thinking possibly with 2020 now in place do you think and maybe Jason you might be able to answer this best, do you think that we might see a decline in ISO prices which would offset the increased demand for MGO to a point where we're not going to see quite as much of a pickup in fuel prices post hedge? 
Jason Liberty: Yeah, well I think that is a working theory. It's also why if we look at our hedge position we are hedged more in MGO than we are in IFO because it is rational that as time goes on here demand for IFO is going to drop -- continue to drop in and of course demand for MGO is going to continue to rise. Operator we have time for one more -- operator we have time for one more question. 
Operator: Thank you. Your last question comes from Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Vince Ciepiel: Great, thanks. Just big picture, just curious how you feel today versus back in November setting aside the impact of Coronavirus, kind of across your core North American or European markets, how do you feel about the trajectory of bookings and pricing growth and maybe specifically I think it was in November that you noted pricing was tracking ahead for all quarters, I'm just trying to reconcile that with 1Q which I guess it's kind of guided flat. But has anything changed in the last 90 days with 1Q specifically?
Richard D. Fain: No. This is Richard. I think we were feeling quite good then and we have been reassured by seeing the call volume and the response on bookings in the Wave period. As we said there are some exceptions and we've pointed it out a couple in the Gulf and in Australia. But the strength of the bookings frankly we have found outside of the Coronavirus we have found really very reassuring. So I think just from an overall point of view we feel quite good about the year. 
Jason Liberty: And Vince just to add in our last call when we talked about the cadence of our yield growth we did point that we expected Q1 to be wider because our yields last year were up over 9% and then of course we had Cuba, we were going to have to deal with which is impacting us by 120 basis points. So we knew that Q1 was going to be a more challenging quarter which is why we said it at that point in time. But if you -- but if you listen to our just our what we say since our last call our bookings have trended up by 6% for 2020. That would just show that our sentiment broadly is very, very good.
Michael Bayley: You know we've made this point in previous calls, most industries when you look through the calendarization it is -- this cycle is time to define. And so you expect a certain sequence between the quarters. Our quarters within the year tend to be more defined by specific events the delivery of a new ship, when the dry docks take place. So ours is more episodic and we have known and tried to telegraph for a while that the first quarter of this year episodically is low. But that doesn't impact our overall position for the year. 
Jason Liberty: Okay, thank you for your assistance, Mariama with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow ups you might have and we really wish you, all of you a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dorothy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, operator. Good morning. And thank you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our Investors website www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency adjusted basis. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow up with a recap of our third quarter results, provide an update on the booking environment, provide an update on our guidance for the full year and fourth quarter of 2019, and then close with some early thoughts on 2020. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Its’ been another very good quarter for Royal Caribbean, and we’re pleased to provide some color. Overall, the results for the third quarter and our expectation for fourth were all very encouraging. Our operating performance on virtually any metric we follow is equal to or better than we had expected. Of course, Hurricane Dorian impacted us negatively, but we’ve been able to offset over half of this impact with improved performance elsewhere. Of course, no year and no industry goes exactly as predicted, and there will always be certain hiccups in any given year. Our job is to try and do two things: Firstly to minimize our exposure to such issues, so that they can remain rare; and secondly, to compensate for them elsewhere in the business, so they can just be background noise in our full report. We know that you expect us to accomplish both of these objectives, and we have been surprisingly successful over the years in doing so. However, 2019 has been an unusual year with an unusual spate of such challenges. I would include in this, things like the collapse of the drydock in Freeport, which has never happened; the impact of Hurricane Dorian, which is the largest impact from any hurricane in our Company’s history; the abrupt change in the government policy towards Cuba, et cetera, et cetera. The result of all these impacts has been the change what would have been an amazingly successful year into just simply a very successful year. I give credit for that to our unbelievable operating teams who continue perform well in differentiating our brands and raising our prices while controlling senses. I would point to a number of key drivers in this success. For example, our investments in destinations are really paying off. Perfect Day at Cococay continues to amaze our Royal Caribbean International guests and boost our bottom-line. Our vessel modernization program is driving strong results. These upgrades are expensive, but our guests love them and reward us accordingly. We take our investments in technology, which are beginning to bear fruit. These investments are expensive and demanding but they improve the experience for crew and guests alike. They make us more attractive or more efficient. We take, for example, our support of the travel agent community, which is strong and long lasting. We treasure the value these advisors add to the process, and these advisors intern reward us with their trust and their support. And cost control is always challenging, but doing so in our complex and ever-changing environment is specially so. Undertaking these significant innovations, while controlling costs to low single digits is challenging but our teams are committed to the focus. And look at the China market, which is paying off very nicely. It’s a long-term strategic program, but our focus on developing the market has exceeded our expectations in terms of performance. Our sales in China are holding up well despite any economic concerns. The result of all these things is a very positive year. The markets in the U.S. and China have been particularly strong, but every geographical market we serve is up from last year, whether that’s North America, Europe, China, wherever, and our forward guidance shows that we expect that to continue. We operate in an incredible variety of source markets and destination markets. And each market has its own ups and downs. But all the markets share the same main characteristic, and that diversification seems to balance out over time. This allows us to follow a remarkably consistent upward trajectory. We continue to believe that upward trajectory is an inevitable consequence of the shift in consumer spending habits for spending their money on material possessions to wanting experiences. The consumers’ growing demand for experiential travel fits nicely into our sweet spot; it is making cruise vacations more relevant and more mainstream. And our innovations are making us more attractive, therefore expanding our role in this market. As a result, we expect to end this year with more revenue on the books than ever before with very high book load factors at very attractive pricing. All of that bodes well for an attractive 2020. Now, one other overarching essential feature for us is sustainability. We continue with our relentless efforts to eliminate single use plastics on board our ships, reduce our carbon footprint, sustainably source our food and other supplies, et cetera, et cetera. One of the more interesting things we recently announced was our second Perfect Day destination. I was just in Vanuatu where we finalized the deal to open our second Perfect Day experience at Lelepa there in Vanuatu. This is exciting because it expands on the amazingly successful Perfect Day concept. But, there is also one very special aspect of this project that is also worth noting. We will be explaining more about this in a press release to be issued shortly. But, Lelepa will be the first private cruise destination in the world that achieves carbon neutrality. All of the energy consumed will be generated from renewable sources. Accomplishing that requires both, major investment and major innovation, but Perfect Day at Lelepa will be rich in both. We are very excited about some of the techniques we’re using to accomplish that carbon neutral goal. Global climate change is one of the defining issues of our time and we want to do all we can to up our game in this very important struggle. So, to recap, it has been an unusual year, but our business continues to be robust. And we are very optimistic about our operating model, our business, our investments in the future, our people. The future is bright. And with that, I get to ask Jason to provide an overview of the results.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. I will begin by talking about our results for the third quarter of 2019. These results are summarized on slide two. For the quarter, we generated adjusted earnings of $4.27 per share, which is $0.08 lower than our guidance and 7% higher than the same time last year. Stronger close-in demand for our core products combined with the timing of expenses partially offset a $0.13 impact from Hurricane Dorian. Hurricane Dorian was one of the most operationally and financially disruptive hurricanes that we have ever experienced. The location, timing and duration of the storm caused three of our main Florida ports to temporarily close during key turnaround days. Due to these closures, we had to cancel one sailing and shorten or lengthen another 15 sailings, resulting in a reduction in a APCDs for the third quarter. Also, we closed Perfect Day at Cococay for 10 days. The size of the financial impact to our operation from disrupted sailings we have and will continue to contribute to ongoing relief efforts in the Bahamas, while some of our release efforts were in the form of financial contributions, we are particularly proud of more than a 0.5 million hot meals that our crew, shore side employees and guests help prepare and deliver during this very difficult time. Our net revenue yields increased 6.4% year-over-year, which, excluding Dorian, exceeded our expectations for the quarter. The hurricane negatively impacted overall revenue by $21 million. Net cruise costs excluding fuel were up 11% for the quarter. The reduction in APCDs and relief expenses that relate to the hurricane impacted this metric by 150 basis points. On an absolute basis, costs came in better than expected, driven by timing. Now, I want to share the trend that we have been seeing in the demand environment for the balance of 2019. As we move into the fourth quarter, many of our ships transition out of Europe, Alaska and Bermuda, and begin their winter seasons. As such, about 56% of our capacity will be in the Caribbean, 18% will be in the Asia Pacific region, and 10% will be in Europe. Q4 bookings continue to be in line with our expectations at rates that are significantly higher year-over-year. Now let's turn to slide three to talk about our guidance for the full year. We are updating our guidance to a range of $9.50 to $9.55 per share. This range includes the negative impact of approximately $0.15 from Hurricane Dorian that relates to disruption and the relief efforts. Excluding this impact, we are in effect increasing the midpoint of our guidance by approximately $0.08, as better third quarter results and improved revenue outlook for the fourth quarter and some expected improvements below the line are more than offsetting slightly higher costs. As it relates to our key metrics, we expect our net revenue yields to increase approximately 8% for the year. This is in line with our previous guidance as strength in the revenue environment is offsetting the negative yield impact from the hurricane. From a cost perspective, we expect net cruise costs excluding fuel to be up approximately 11%. The increase in guidance is driven by the reduction in capacity and relief efforts from the hurricane, together with a further increase in technology and product development investments. We anticipate fuel expense of $696 million for the year and we are 60% hedged at a price of $380 per metric ton. In summary, based on the current business outlook along with current fuel prices, interest currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $9.50 to $9.55. Now, we can turn to our guidance for the fourth quarter, which is on slide for. Net yields are expected to be up approximately 6.75%, with the addition of Silversea, Terminal A, and Perfect Day at Cococay driving approximately 300 basis points of the year-over-year improvement. Net cruise costs excluding fuel for the fourth quarter are expected to increase 14.5%. Our cost metric includes approximately 300 basis points from the operations of Silversea, the cruise terminal and Perfect Day. Also, our cost metric is impacted by an increased number of drydock days versus last year, which has affected the metric by approximately 600 basis points. Other drivers for the expected cost increase for the quarter include the shift in the timing of expenses for the third quarter, some additional investments in technology, and product development and relief efforts that are related to hurricane. Now, including the outlook expressed above and based off of currency, fuel prices, interest rates, and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter are expected to be approximately $1.40 per share. Now, I’d like to take you through some preliminary insights for 2020, which while still very early, is currently shaping up to be another incredible year for the Company. Three of our brands will welcome new ships and we will continue to modernize our existing fleet by adding on-board revenue areas, staterooms and activities. We will also significantly increase the number of guests experiencing Perfect Day at Cococay. Now, regarding new ship additions, Celebrity Edge was a game-changer for celebrity cruises when she joined the fleet about a year ago. And we’re thrilled that she will be joined by Celebrity Apex in April of 2020. Apex will spend this summer sailing in the Mediterranean before transitioning back to the Caribbean next fall. Edge and Apex are transforming Celebrity’s fleet, just as Silver Muse and Silver Moon are transforming Silverseas. Silver Moon will be delivered in August of 2020 and will spend the summer sailing a variety of European itineraries. In addition, we are adding Silver Origin to Silversea’s fleet of expedition ships next July. Finally, Royal Caribbean will welcome Odyssey of the Seas at the end of next year. Odyssey will sail in the Caribbean for the 2020 and 2021 winter season with call it a Perfect Day. She will then transition to Europe for the summer of 2021. These four ships are contributing to a capacity increase of just under 5% in 2020. The timing of new ship deliveries, combined with the quarter reporting lag for Silversea result in more significant growth in the back half of the year than in the first half. Now, I would like to provide you with an update on our 2020 deployment. Our Caribbean capacity is growing about 2% year-over-year and will represent half of our overall deployment. Key itinerary changes include the addition of year-round, short Caribbean sailings on Independence of the Seas, and Northeast based products for Oasis of Seas, and the additions of both Celebrity Apex and Odyssey of the Seas in the fourth quarter. In total, more than 70% of guests sailing on a Caribbean Cruise will experience Perfect Day at Cococay. European itineraries will account for 17% of our capacity in 2020. We have increased capacity in Europe by approximately 10%, driven by an inaugural summer season for Celebrity Apex and Silver Moon. In addition, Allure of the Seas will be sailing from Barcelona, immediately after undergoing a $165 million modernization. Asia Pacific itineraries will represent 17% of our capacity next year with increased deployment in China, Australia and Southeast Asia. Finally, we are slightly increasing our capacity in Alaska, although the product will still only account for 5% of overall inventory. Bookings and pricing for 2020 have been trending ahead of same time last year for the past three months. We did experience a brief low in demand surrounding Hurricane Dorian but bookings quickly rebounded to previous levels and are now nicely ahead. At this point, our booked APDs are higher than same time last year in all four quarters and our load factors are up slightly on a like-for-like basis. We have also seen an outwards shift in the booking window relative to same time last year since our last earnings call. While we are not going to provide guidance for 2020 until January, I will note that we do expect yields to vary by quarter with Q2 and Q4 likely to be our strongest periods due to the timing of new ship deliveries. The itinerary changes related to Cuba will continue to compress our yields for the first half of 2020. The most significant Cuba impact is expected during the first quarter when three of our brands, including our high-yielding Silversea and Azamara brands are scheduled to visit the island. I want to take a moment to highlight certain changes in our cost base that will take place over the coming years. Last year at this time, I discussed expected future increases to our depreciation expense. As Richard mentioned today and in past calls, destinations, technology and our fleet modernization program are key elements of our growth strategy. These investment areas offer attractive returns, but sometimes have shorter depreciable lives than our traditional new building investments. Also, some technology investments are not capitalizable and will result in an increase to our cost base. Finally, the new ship additions for Celebrity and Silversea will result in those brands being a larger percentage of our overall mix in 2020. These additions are expected to add to our yield and return profile, but also have a higher cost per berth. While it’s too early to provide guidance for 2020, the combination of our strong book position and an accelerating demand environment is certainly pointing to another year of robust yields and earnings growth. With that, I'll ask the operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian of Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. So, in the last few months, we’ve seen some of the macro data get a little bit weaker, some of the agent checks haven't been as positive as what we had seen earlier in the year. Obviously, none of that seems to reconcile with what you're reporting and with what you're saying. So, can you just talk about, why you think there is a disconnect right now?
Jason Liberty: Hey, Jared. Good morning. I don't know if it’s necessary a disconnect. I think, some of the -- for us, we operate as global platform where we're sourcing guests throughout the world. And I think sometimes that does not connect itself to some of the price checks that the investment community is doing regularly with the trade. As you commented, our experience, at least since our last call for sure, has been much different, which is the time period you were referring to. And the environment has shown us acceleration above our expectations outside of the short low we experienced on and around the Dorian Hurricane.
Richard Fain: And Jared, it’s Richard, and I’ll just add. Besides the diversification that we have, which helps support us, there's an awful lot of company-specific things that we've been implementing over this period. And it's the investments in the vessel upgrades, it’s been very impactful, Michael might be willing to comment on Perfect Day, and the technology improvements that we’ve made. We think all of these things are helping us run slightly ahead of just what normal momentum would get you.
Jared Shojaian: Great. Thank you. And just one quick follow-up for me. On the fuel, I know, you gave the disclosure on the hedge position, but it’s still noisy, and I know you're hedging more the MGO. Can you just tell us, as you sit here today looking at the forward curve, what your fuel expense would look like in 2020? And then, Jason, I know you gave the color on increased D&A for next year. Do you have a number that you can refer us to?
Jason Liberty: Okay. So, on the fuel side, again, we're still going through our planning process. So, it's just still too early for us to comment on what our fuel expense will be and what our depreciation expense will be. We've obviously invested significantly and implemented in a rapid pace our AEP systems, which will allow our fuel mix to look very similar next year as it does this year. And so, we should be able to take advantage of the IFO benefits that we're seeing here in the forward curve. On the depreciation side, what I would say is that we can -- or just one other comment on the fuel side, at least what we have seen generally from the analysts in terms of their fuel estimates, again, while still early in our planning process, seems generally aligned with what -- where we see fuel consensus. Same comment on moving on onto the depreciation side. You saw here in 2019 and you'll continue to see this trend that investments that we're making, mainly in the technology space, have much more shorter lives. And so, I would just say, while we're still in our planning process, there's a reason why I'm emphasizing that there's going to be higher depreciation costs because of that. And so, I would just kind of point to take a look at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: So, Richard and Jason, you gave a lot of good details about how 2020 is shaping up. And I understand you're not prepared to give any quantitative guidance right now. But, in the past, you guys have talked about this 2% to 4% range being a somewhat of a fair starting point. I guess, the simple question is, should that yield range still hold true for next year, or I guess a different way of asking that would be, Jason, what does the word robust mean to you?
Jason Liberty: So, as you noted, it is obviously too early for us to begin to comment on what our yield guidance is going to be for next year. That 2% to 4% has generally represented on how our yields on a constant currency have grown now for several years. Obviously, 2019, our like-for-like yields are 4.5%, so it's a little bit above that range. I think, what I would mean by the word robust is that the bookings and the demand trends that we're seeing show that we will have a very good year, strong year in terms of our yield profile for next year. But, we'll be more specific about where that lands in January when we provide guidance.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, got you. I won't try to press that anymore. Second question would be around your island developments. I mean, yesterday, you obviously announced Antigua on top of South Pacific announcement a couple of weeks ago. And I guess, the question would be, how do you guys think about returns on these investments? And obviously, so far Cococay has been a homerun, but the question is going to be, how do returns look for these future developments?
Richard Fain: I think, Michael might just be willing to comment on that.
Michael Bayley: I would, yes, it’s true. So, Steve, I think, as Richard’s mentioned and Jason's mentioned, we’re really delighted with the performance of Perfect Day at Cococay and the demand that we’ve seen for the product and this year we’ve put 11 ships into Perfect Day, has been outstanding. And then, the demand for the products that we sell on Perfect Day has also been outstanding. I mean, to give you one great price point, our overwater cabanas that are opening in February, they are selling for $1,400 a day. So, we’ve got we think really great product and there is a huge amount of demand of this product. And we believe that the work that we’re doing with Perfect Day in Vanuatu is going to have exactly the same kind of demand from the Australian market. And then, the announcement yesterday that we made about the Beach Club, the Royal Beach Club in Antigua, we put a lot of thoughts and analytics into creating this experience. And we have a good understanding of the kind of revenue that we’ll generate from that product, and I think, in its simplest form, because I have to talk to Jason about this, when we look at the investment and the returns that we get, we’re genuinely delighted with the returns.
Jason Liberty: And Steve, just to add to it, it’s really clear that our guests are looking for authentic experiences, in those experiences we have been investing quite considerably on our ships as we modernize our ships. And what we find is while we’re making those investments on island especially with the volumes that we have, our guests are willing to pay for that. And that’s all yielding very high returns on these investments that we’re making.
Richard Fain: And just to add on Jason’s point, I think, the strategy that we launched literally a couple of years ago by taking the Navigator and Marine are now Independence, and putting them through Royal Amplified and into the shore [ph] cruise combine market combined with Perfect Day, has been a real game changer for that segment of the market. And that segment of the market is about 24% of the entire American cruise market. So, we’ve really scooped up a lot of demand for those products, and we see that demand continuing.
Michael Bayley: And Steve, I think one of the things, this actually comes back to earlier question about why are we doing differently than maybe you’re seeing some of your price checks. We’ve really said strategically, we think focusing on three areas will help differentiate us, and those are destinations, people and technology. And we think that emphasis is paying off with higher returns.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then, one simple one for Jason and I’ll get out. But, Jason, I think, you mentioned anything in your prepared remarks about Thomas Cook, and just want to see if you guys saw any impact from them in the quarter.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Thanks, Steve. So, obviously, the unfortunate circumstance with Thomas Cook has been a situation we’ve been monitoring for some time. But, with the recent events, it did impact our yields by about 15 basis points in the third quarter. Now, saying that, we really don’t expect there to be any kind of forward impact from Thomas Cook being in the situation that they’re in. And our sales and marketing teams feel like we’re in a very healthy demand environment and able to use other distribution to support our business in the UK.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. I wanted to ask -- it looks like since last quarter your CapEx for next year is up by about $500 million. And I know, I think since then, you announced the Freedom of the Seas getting $100 million refurb. Is the other $400 million going to the destination development projects that you've talked about or just wondering what the biggest chunk of that is?
Jason Liberty: Sure. Thanks, Robin, for noticing. It did go up. And the key drivers of that are the investments in the destination, also additional investments in terms of the modernization of our ships, some of our investments in sustainability and technology as well as some of the new ship investments that we're making that are part of that increase.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. And then, just on the outlook, just to clarify, I know in the release you talked about load factoring up like-for-like. And rate, you said up, but I don’t if you were drawing a distinction -- is rate for 2020 also up like-for-like or were not really saying one way or the other?
Richard Fain: Yes. So, APDs, whether like-for-like or just in the absolute, are up nicely for 2020. On the load factors side we were just making -- there are just some structural things in terms of the timing of the new builds coming in, in the quarter lag. Still, if you were to look at our load factors in general, they are flattish, which is exactly where we want them to be relative to last year. But, when you adjust for some of the structural elements, our load factors are nicely up.
Robin Farley: Great. That's a helpful distinction. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: You bet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Thanks a lot. Good morning. So, Jason, just getting back to the Thomas Cook answer, just to be clear, the 15 basis-point yields impact that you are seeing there was more from the distribution side and not the competitive side. Correct?
Jason Liberty: It was purely from the distribution side. And that really had to relate to more a bad debt related elements to cruises that they had sold that we had not collected payment on. And of course, we want to make sure that if those guests paid for those cruises, whether had gotten the cash or not, we want to make sure we fulfill that vacation experience that they were promised.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes. Thank you for that clarification. And then, just bigger picture, kind of switching to the competitive environment and maybe some competitive pressures that you may or may not be seeing globally. I think that there is a lot of concern in the investment community about some of the challenges Carnival is facing, not only in Europe but also now in the Caribbean. And the narrative out there is that with perhaps a brand or a company that’s kind of facing some challenges, to alleviate those, they may drop prices, particularly in the Caribbean, and that might affect your brand. So, I'm just wondering if you could talk about how you are positioned relative to Carnival, maybe globally, but also more specifically in the Caribbean, and why you may or not be affected by pricing decisions that they make?
Richard Fain: So, Felicia, it’s Richard. And I would just comment, I think, our biggest competitor continues not to be Carnival or the other cruise lines. We really that think we're -- much more competitive force is coming from elsewhere in the industry, that is from tourism, from land tourism, and ultimately from things like flat screen TVs. I think, we've seen a major change for people going to buying vacations and especially cruise vacations versus flat screen TVs. But, I think, we see that more of a factor. And in terms of pricing from other competitors, whether it's Carnival or anyone else, because of the way the industry manages pricing and the fact that we fill the ship, if one company lowers its price in a period, it will affect just the timing of bookings. But, in the end, the number of bookings is going to equal roughly the number of berths out there. So, I would actually say, we are seeing strong industry demand in general, cruising in general is I think benefiting from the change in the way people are buying. But, I don’t think how any one competitor is doing is particularly impactful. I think it's the industry and it's the economy and it's all the other kind of competitive and choices that people have.
Jason Liberty: And just to add just one other comment to it, Felicia. Our commentary around 2020, whether it's on volume, rates, and obviously we feel very good about that, you could apply that commentary to every one of our core markets, you can apply that commentary to our core products. So, as we just said, I mean, it's tough to comment specifically on your question. But, when you bring up things like Europe, you bring up things like the Caribbean, whether it's from -- on a sourcing basis or on a product basis, the strength and the acceleration that we hear in the demand environment really kind of applies to all of our core products in core markets.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. I guess, I was kind of more just getting to asking you question, if one of your competitors starts putting more attractive prices in a particular market, is price the only deciding factor that they use to take a cruise?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Felicia. I mean, we're kind of used to this. This isn't an ongoing kind of normal operating environment. We see at times different brands or products, either discounting for multiple reasons. And, I think there's a certain amount of value seekers who will go after a lower price, but there's probably 80% of the customers are seeking a specific product. And we found they're willing to pay a higher price for the kind of experience and the almost guarantee of the satisfaction for them and their families. So, there is a difference between the brands and the products in the marketplace. And I think for informed and educated customers, they realize that. So, it's true that sometimes lower pricing can be temporarily disruptive, but it passes fairly quickly. And I think our long relationship with the travel partners is also something that’s the strength to Royal Caribbean. They know our brands extremely well, and they know how to position the brands towards the right customers. And, we feel we have a certain degree of confidence in terms of the quality of our brands and products in the marketplace. So, it's problematic at times, but it's something that we deal with quite frequently.
Felicia Hendrix: And I'm assuming that your price integrity strategy that you've implemented several years ago, would stay intact anyway. Correct?
Michael Bayley: Absolutely, yes.
Richard Fain: Yes. That's been -- thank you for that, Felicia, because it's been an important factor. I think, it is also something that distinguishes the cruise industry. Every company, some quarters do better, some quarters do worse. But, the fact that the industry has resisted the temptation to homogenize itself, coming back to Michael’s point, we have our brands and the brands stand on their own. And we don’t see the current situation is anything other than the same kind of thing we’ve done over time. And yes, the price integrity strategy has been helpful. And it’s made the travel agent and consumer most -- both field more confident about the, what they’re doing when they buy their cruise.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you. And Jason, just a quick housekeeping. So, you said there was a slight impact from Dorian in your third quarter results. I was just wondering if you could quantify that. And then, what the like-for-like yields were in the third quarter and for the full year?
Jason Liberty: Yes, sure. So, on a like-for-like basis, our yields were up about 30 basis points for the third quarter. So, one, there was a little bit about rounding, but the Hurricane was a little bit over 10 basis points; Thomas Cook, I said was about 15 basis points; and then, there were a few other little things there that impacted us in the quarter on the top line side. But, on the like-for-like basis, our yields were up over 30 basis points.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then, -- okay, we can figure how that was for just full year. Okay. Thank you.
Richard Fain: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Instinet.
Harry Curtis: Good morning, everyone. I’ve got a quick question on cost and then one on yield. The cost question relates to vessel modernization. And if you could give us a sense of what inning you’re in on the ship refurbishment process? And specifically if it’s further down the road, how many fewer drydock days might you have in 2020?
Jason Liberty: Yes. So, I’ll start off with the easier question, which is 2020. On the drydock days side, we expect to have similar number of drydocks next year, though the timing of those drydocks are little bit different, depending on the yard availability. In terms of the modernization side, we continue to find opportunities to modernize our ships in ways in which we see our guests paying yields for ability to add more onboard venues, more stay rooms, which is further improving our overall return profile. So, I would expect that we will continue, at least for the next several years, investing in modernizing our ships to a point where it’s -- to make sure the ships are relevant to the current and future guests as well as making sure that we have as many activities for them to do that they are certainly willing to pay for and having more and more onboard revenue venues for them to be able to experience and spend to money on.
Harry Curtis: Very good. And then, the revenue related one is really kind of a cyclical question. Back in 2019, the gross yields were down 14% in a rough economy. And you’ve probably done some modeling, should we go into kind of a garden variety slowdown. And so, my question is, how are you managed differently, how are you positioned as we go into 2020 or 2021 that would make your, at least top-line, somewhat less vulnerable.
Jason Liberty: Sure. A great question, Harry. So, I think, there is a lot of elements to this, which derisks us relative to the position we were in ‘08 and ‘09. First off, we're a much more globally diverse business sourcing a little bit less than half of our guests from outside of the U.S., and having that sales and marketing platform globally to be able to ship -- sourcing around depending on the demand trends that we're seeing. We’re also -- a much more diverse set of brands. And our brands really lead in their different segments. And so, we are able to manage our inventory and so forth, based off of a different our platform of brand than we had before. And then, I would also lead into -- there is lots of consumer demographic trends that support our business that are very much in the underlying support for cruising. And so, I think, a combination of all those different things puts us in a much better posture. And then, of course, you consider a stronger balance sheet, allows us to be better prepared at some point when there is a change in that business cycle. Of course, you picked an extreme situation, which is the ‘08, ‘09 period of time, but we feel that broader business, our business model has been positioned well to be able to ride through bumps in the night.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi.
Fred Wightman: Hey, guys. It's actually Fred Wightman on for Greg. You've mentioned a few times the strong results in China. Wondering if you could just talk about that market overall. I mean, it looks like industry capacity there is going to return to growth after a few years’ decline. Are you concerned in any way, shape or form about what that might mean for yields or primal [ph] activity going forward?
Michael Bayley: It's Michael. We've been on a journey in China for sure. We’ve been 10 years in the market. And we've been quite thoughtful about the development of the distribution channels. We all have a confidence that there is a market. We've done a lot of work and we made a lot of progress and we’re feeling quite comfortable with the progress that we've made with the distribution. We, more recently, a couple of weeks ago, announced in Shanghai that Oasis 5 would be going into Shanghai in 2021. And Spectrum entered the China market this year and we've been very pleased with the results from Spectrum of the Seas. So, I think, there is a big opportunity, sometimes supply and demand gets a little bit out of whack, as we have seen in the past. But we really feel as if we’ve stuck the course and treated it like a marathon, and we we've built the distribution, we've built the brand and we feel as if we've got a good relationship with our travel partners and customers. And so, we're feeling comfortable and relatively confident with our China strategy.
Fred Wightman: Perfect. That's helpful. And then, in Richard's prepared remarks, I think, he mentioned that over half of the hurricane impact was offset with improved trends in other areas. So, was that $0.15 number that you guys cited, is that a gross number or is that net of what you were able to offset?
Jason Liberty: That $0.15 is a gross number. And so, if we just look at our earnings for the year, we had guided before to midpoint of $9.60, we're guiding to a midpoint of $9.525. And so that $0.15 impact hit us and to strengthen our business has helped us offset half of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime Katz: You guys have discussed the vessel modification program on the cost side. But I'm wondering if there's a way to quantify the lift that you get when those ships return to the fleet, just so we can better think about the ROI that those ships are getting.
Jason Liberty: Well, Jaime, I think, the way that I would look at it is, we wake up every day trying to improve our double-digit ROIC number. And so, clearly, we would be looking to make investments that help pull up that ROIC number over time. We don't have an internal target per se, -- or not internal -- a public target. But, we certainly take on investments that will move that mid or north, not certainly -- we wouldn't look for an investment that would be dragging on to that ROIC investment. And by the way, what we have typically seen in our modernization work is that the investments that we make do better, much better than we had expected them to do as they come on line.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then, on an economic, sort of global economic environment thought process, are you guys thinking about shifting your sourcing in any meaningful way next year that you’d care to share with us? Thanks.
Michael Bayley: Hi. It's Michael. We're always monitoring currency and macroeconomic conditions. We have a pretty disciplined process in place as it relates to utilizing what we think is a significant global sales and marketing infrastructure. So, we literally are moving our sourcing targets obviously on an annual basis, but on a quarterly and monthly basis to our different teams and groups in different markets, based upon currency and demand and other factors that may influence the market. So, I think, we're very focused on this. I would say, one of the key drivers of change is typically currency. And when currency is obviously going in the wrong direction, and we're fundamentally a U.S. dollar company, then, of course, that will shift the sourcing around. I mean, we're fortunate that the American market has been the strongest has been, and the demand out of the American market is very good for us. But, we're always -- we're in a kind of a constant state of monitoring, sourcing targets and achievements and currency and all of these different factors.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush.
James Hardiman: So, another quarter, obviously another in a growing list of headwinds that you've had to overcome this year. So, my question is, as I think about 2020 and sort of what we should be adding back, for lack of a better word? Obviously, $0.15 from the hurricane, I think you have $0.25 from the Grand Bahama Shipyard, maybe $0.20 from Cuba. So, I guess, about $0.60. I guess, first, is that a good math? But then secondly, it seems like most of that is on the net cruise cost side, and that you could potentially have a really good year on that line in 2020. But, then, there was some commentary in the prepared remarks about increased mix of Celebrity and Silversea. Does that potentially undo some of the benefits that you might get next year?
Jason Liberty: Okay. Well, there are certainly things that are clearly kind of more one-timeish, which is the Grand Bahama incident where had to Oasis effectively out of operations for about a month. The Cuba thing, a lot of that is -- we’ll see how that kind of how sorts out over time. We have been able to move our ships around to very attractive itineraries that -- now that we have a proper period of time to sell those -- to sell and market those cruises. We do expect to recover a lot of bit. The question will be, will we recover all of that impact that’s associated with that. So, one thing I’d say on the hurricane side we experienced, there is always hurricanes that we experienced in most years, this one was much more difficult because of how long it was out there for and the ports that it -- the turnaround ports that it impacted. My comments around Celebrity and Silversea in the mix is kind of twofold, one of which is obviously the operating costs of those ships are higher as they are more of a premium product. And certainly, Silversea is a ultra luxury product, or an expedition product which has a higher operating cost, but I was really more pointing to the depreciation side and their ships have a higher cost per berth. And so, you’re just taking the -- an average appreciation rate may not be the way to model that going forward. 
James Hardiman: Okay. That’s helpful. And then, secondly, for me, sort of on the use of capital side, didn’t see any buybacks in the quarter. I think, you talked about being opportunistic in the back half of the year. Obviously as we talked about in the previous question, the CapEx guidance is up for next year. I guess, I’m just trying to figure out, is it more when than if, the share repurchase will resume, or has that taken somewhat of a backseat? And then, on the interest side, maybe how to think about interest in 2020, there is refinancing opportunity with some of the Silversea that maybe some updated thoughts there?
Jason Liberty: Sure. So, on the buyback side, at the end of the third quarter, we were in a position where we are in a more comfortable debt-to-EBITDA range. And of course, making sure that we continue to behave like an investment grade credit and stay within our bookings on a leverage standpoint is very important to us. And so, now that we’ve kind of reached that position we will -- we have about $700 million left on our buyback program, and that is certainly something that will be in our consideration going forward. But, as we stated before, we will be doing that on an opportunistic standpoint. On the interest side, the kind of core action that you pointed to, which will reduce our interest expense going forward, if we do it, will be for us to take out the Silversea bond. And the first time that’s really available to do is in the first quarter of next year.
James Hardiman: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Conder: Thank you. Just wanted to follow up a little bit on the China distribution development. Can you talk about a little bit how the mix is of charter versus let’s call it traditional travel agents versus direct kind of where you are exiting this year versus maybe where you were three years ago? And then, the second question is just, Jason, maybe cadence of what you’re seeing in the UK and Germany from those sourced markets, Germany in particular, through your joint venture, just the cadence of how those bookings and pricing is going within your overall context that you gave on 2020?
Richard Fain: Hi, Tim. Kind of hesitant to give you percentages, the progress that we made with the distribution. I can tell you that, if you look back a few years, we were heavily dependent upon the charterers, probably 80%, 85% of our businesses was through the charterers. And we learned to a lot of lessons during that period, and that's -- really gave us the impetus to change the model, and we've made significant progress with that change. So, if you look at our charter business now, it’s probably somewhere around 5% to 10%, if that. And we've really been pleased with the development of our direct business. It's grown at a significant rate. I mean, direct in China and utilization of web et cetera is high. So, we've been very pleased with the progress that we've made. So, the landscape of our distribution today versus a few years ago is remarkably different.
Michael Bayley: And Tim, before answering your question, I just wanted to make one clarifying point. When I was talking about the 30 basis-point improvement in the third quarter, what I was referring to was versus our guidance that our like-for-like was better by 30 basis points than we had expected to in the third quarter. Our like-for-like yield growth year-over-year, about half -- a little over half of that came from our like-for-like business doing better than we had expected. So, I just wanted to clarify that the like-for-like growth was a very healthy in the third quarter. And of course, that excludes the Silversea, Port of Miami and Perfect Day. But our performance for the quarter was actually 30 basis points better than we had expected to be from that business. On the Germany question, certainly, Germany has been a little bit more of a challenging market. I mean, fortunately for two cruises, demand for that brand has done very well. There has been a little bit of pricing pressure, but overall, they’re going to -- their expectations is to continue to perform as expected on a bottom-line standpoint. And I feel a little bit of softness on the revenue side, but it's very immaterial.
Tim Conder: Okay, great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandt Montour with JP Morgan.
Brandt Montour: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. So, obviously, strong 2020 commentary. I was hoping that maybe you could just dig in a little bit with the first half of 2020 in the Caribbean on a qualitative basis, looking at the market maybe in Cuba -- or ex Cuba tonnage choices, the markets are infected by that tonnage or potentially a little longer cruise market versus the short cruise market, any differences along those lines will be helpful?
Richard Fain: Well, so, just kind of focusing on the first half and your question on the Caribbean side. What we talked about on the rate and volume basis very much supports what we're seeing in the Caribbean. Q1, which I pointed to in my remarks, has a little bit more headwind to it, because of the bookings that relate to Azamara and to Silversea. And those are higher yielding and those guests book much further out. So, that will weigh a little bit on our Q1. But, if you look at the first half of the year, we expect the environment for the Caribbean to be very good, which also is our point of view for the back half of 2020.
Michael Bayley: It's also worth pointing out that as Cuba dropped out, Perfect Day came on line. And I think that was more than compensated for dropout of Cuba.
Brandt Montour: And then, on value add to obviously an exciting announcement there. Just, if anything else you guys can help us out kind of thinking about that opportunity. Obviously, it feels like it’s fair to assume smaller sort of absolute opportunity than CocoCay, but maybe give us some context around, when you expect it to potentially open what's the total dollar investment, and also sort maybe, what you think the daily or annual passenger capacity that eventually could be able to handle? That would all be -- anything could be helpful. Thank you.
Richard Fain: So, we’re thinking late 2021, early ‘22 we'll open Vanuatu. Obviously, the collection of Perfect Day and the collection of Beach Club is very much connected to how we see growth in volume for the brand or brands; as it relates to the itineraries, it'll take the ships to those destinations. So we have a five-year and a 10-year view of the kind of volume that we’ll take into Vanuatu, based upon the development of the Australian market. And so, the volume would be less than Perfect Day at Cococay, which I think at its peak in a few years will get to close to 3 million people going there. The number for Vanuatu I think reaches close to 750,000, 800,000 is currently in our plans. The investment number, I don't think we started really talking about the investment number yet. We're still working through the details of that. But we've thought through obviously quite carefully, the kind of volume that we can take to these destinations. That's why we've really got two offerings Perfect Day and the Beach Club. Perfect Day is a lot of volume and Beach Club is significant volume but doesn't reach the same levels as Perfect Day.
Jason Liberty: Dorothy, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: I think, one of the big differences today versus during the last recession is how much you bundle the onboard spending with the initial purchase or alternatively have the prebooking availability prior to the cruise? I'm just curious, given that that kind of used to be the carry in the coal mine of any kind of slowdown, how much of your onboard spending now is kind of prebooked before somebody even gets on the ship?
Michael Bayley: So, we're really delighted with our pre-cruise revenue. And I think our level of sophistication with our marketing and the technology that we've got is really dramatically improved over the past several years, certainly over the past decade. I can't even imagine what the number was a decade ago, but the number today is significant. And we've got just so much better across this whole spectrum of opportunities. So, we're pleased with the progress that we're making with pre-cruise. And we -- I think, we said before that the theory that's been proven out is that for every dollar you get in pre-cruise, you'll get another $0.50 onboard spend by the normal guest who just spends onboard. So, it's very positive environment. We're excited that in 2020, we start bringing on line new software that will improve even further our sophistication as it relates to pre-cruise revenues. So, it’s a good environment, and I think we made a lot of progress and we’ve reached this level of sophistication. And we’re improving all of the time. We’ve got new software coming. And so, I think we feel quite comfortable with it. 
Sharon Zackfia: Is there a metric you’d share on how much is pre-booked at this plan?
Michael Bayley: No. I would say that every single year we’re improving that metric, significantly.
Jason Liberty: And we do think, Sharon, that there will be significant growth in that number as the new technology rolls in, in 2021.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. Thank you. 
Jason Liberty: You got it. Okay. Thank you for your assistance Dorothy, with the call today. And we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the Company. Carola will be available for any follow-up calls or questions you might have. And wish you all a very good day. Take care.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nicole, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are; Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our investor website www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency adjusted basis. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow with a recap of our second quarter results, provide an update on the booking environment, and then provide an update on our full year and third quarter guidance for 2019. We will then open-up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Jason and good morning everybody, and thank you for joining us today. I'm going to take a slightly different tact than usual. Because there's so much happening at Royal Caribbean, I'm going to use my time this morning to philosophize a bit on our strategic focus and positioning. Jason will then come back and provide more color on the near-term results. But I do have a spoiler results. We are very pleased with these results. Last month, I had the pleasure of participating in the inauguration of our newest ship in the Galapagos Celebrity Flora. She is the first ship ever built specifically for sailing in the Galapagos and she is doing extremely well. A beautiful ship with the latest advances in sustainability, magnificent features for our guests and even research capabilities. I also observed one thing in the Galapagos, it's very relevant to how we manage our business. Ever since Darwin published his book, Origin of Species, the Galapagos have been a symbol of the concept of evolution. What you notice there is that the species that thrive are not the strongest, not the smartest, not the fastest. The species that survive there are those that are most able to adapt. That's true for animal species and we believe it's true for corporate species as well. We believe that to succeed in today's world, you need to adapt to an ever-changing environment. The ability to adapt is often called innovation, but innovation is really adapting to and/or leading change in a rapidly evolving world. I'm proud of the people at Royal Caribbean who continue to innovate and to adapt to that fast-changing world. We continue to do well because we continue to adapt our product to the changing desires of our current and future guests and the changing environment which we operate. Innovation has been and is a central tenet of our ability to drive change and to respond to change. Itineraries are just one example. They remain one of the most important considerations for our guests and it is both our duty and our opportunity to satisfy that demand in the best way possible. The most recent manifestation of that is Perfect Day at CocoCay. To describe Perfect Day as a home run wouldn't do it justice. It really resets the bar in the short cruise market. But it's important to note that Perfect Day wasn't designed to steal customers from other cruise lines it was designed to attract customers who otherwise wouldn't be taking a cruise and it's doing that beautifully. I think this makes an important point about our industry and why the industry has grown and why it continues to grow so nicely. I know that many of you on this call follow other industries and that many of them have a highly inelastic demand curve. If I have a property in Dallas, there's really very little I can do to attract more visitors to Dallas. And so my focus is on getting a bigger share of those who are already there. Since the demand facilities in Dallas is inelastic and in the short term the supply is inelastic, the only short-term strategy is trying to get a bigger piece of that pie. In the cruise industry, the demand curve even in the short-term is highly elastic. We can and we do attract new visitors to travel to our ships from far-flung places. Furthermore, over the years the cruise industry has innovated i.e. adapted to better cater to what people want in their vacations. Simply put the industry has created better mousetraps and the world is beating a path to our door. As a result, the demand for cruising is growing faster than might otherwise have been expected and as such as the cruise lines that are adapting and innovating. Travel advisers are our dominant distribution channel. And while the industry has grown and adapted so too have our travel partners. The role of the advisor of today is as different from the travel agent of yesterday as the cruise industry of today is as different from the cruise of yesterday. It is no accident that this year even with a significant industry supply growth and even with significant company supply, we are enjoying one of the largest levels of price increases. As our industry continues to adapt the industry, the entire industry will continue to grow. Part of that adaptation is the changing desires of the vacationing public. I've long talked about how cruising has become more relevant to a public that now craves experiences over material goods. That message has now become so ubiquitous that the other day I heard a ball-bearing manufacturer talk about the experiential aspects of his product. I can only imagine. But in the cruise industry the phenomenon is very real and the focus on experiences plays beautifully to our sweet spot. For as long as I can remember, people have worried about overcapacity in our industry. More correctly, I think, we should be talking about the balance between supply and demand. It's a balance not a question of one or the other and the distinction isn't mere semantics. Talking about overcapacity implies that there is a fixed amount of demand, but a changing amount of capacity. In fact the situation is almost exactly the reverse with a relatively fixed amount of capacity and a highly variable amount of demand. Fortunately, our industry has been able to adapt to take advantage of this elastic demand curve. That is why it has continued to confound those who expect lower demand growth. One other issue that is often raised, especially recently, is the R word, recession. Our results have unquestionably been buoyed by an amazingly robust and sustained economy and we hear lots of pundits predicting the imminent end of that strong economy. In fact, the only other time in my career when I can recall the predictions being more consistently negative was two years ago, and we all know how that turned out. But a downturn will certainly occur at some point and we are very conscious of that. To my earlier point, when circumstances change, we are prepared to adapt. While no one is recession-proof, looking forward, I think the industry has features that make it recession-resistant. The growing appeal of our product, the relative price attractiveness, the fixed cost component, the portability of our assets, et cetera; all of these things make us better able to do well even in bad times. A good example of that would be China, where Spectrum of the Seas started operating just a few weeks ago. Conventional wisdom suggests that bringing a new ship into a market whose economy is weakening ain't such a good idea. But Spectrum and our other ships there are doing very well, despite the softer economy. The reason, again, is that we are building the market, not taking it as a given. Adaptability and innovation are helping us produce improved results, with more capacity in a poor economy. Again, a good supply/demand balance by improving demand, rather than by trying to live with the supply. So this year is proving to be a very good year on many fronts. However, this month has also seen important milestone in another related area that's important to us and that area is sustainability. As most of you know, in 2016, we launched the partnership with the World Wildlife Fund, to take our sustainability efforts to a new level. At Royal Caribbean, we believe that what gets measured gets better and we established specific goals in three areas of sustainability. We did this in conjunction with WWF, not only to be able to benefit from their expertise, but also because making specific measurable targets provides an accountability that is important to the success of a program like this. The three areas where we established these quantifiable goals were in the areas of carbon footprint, sustainable destinations and sustainable food production. Specifically, we undertook a 35% reduction in carbon footprint from our 2005 base, offering 1,000 tours certified to the GSTC sustainability standard and responsibly sourcing 90% wild caught seafood globally and the 75% of farm seafood in North America and Europe. We set a public goal to reach these objectives by the end of 2020. I'm happy to report that we are on schedule. We achieved our carbon footprint goal earlier this year and just two weeks ago, we certified our 1,000th sustainable tour operation. We're not there yet on our sustainable food sourcing goal, but we're working diligently to do so and hope to reach that target soon. Looking forward, we have progressed rapidly on numerous fronts in this area. Our new ships will use clean LNG as fuel. We have installed Advanced Emission Purification system on most of our fleet, our program to eliminate single-use plastics keeps advancing; more and more of our ships are zero landfill capable, our efforts to reduce food waste is ramping up, our experimentation with zero-emission fuel cells continues, et cetera, et cetera. It's been a terrific year and it looks set to continue to do so. Each quarter, we have been able to announce not only that we're doing well, but that we're doing better than we thought at the end of the prior quarter. We are also looking at 2020 where the early bookings that are exceptionally strong and provide optimism for 2020 as well. We continue to be highly focused on controlling our costs. Obviously, some of our aggressive strategic and innovative moves in areas such as technology and projects like Perfect Day, put pressure on these metrics. But so far, we think the return on these investments has been exceptional and we continue to focus on generating strong returns on our investments going forward. In this update, I have focused more than usual on our strategic focus. As I used to say on the A Team, I love it when a plan comes together. We have a strong alignment throughout the organization on our strategic vision. We see adaptation/innovation as a key driver of success. We see positive momentum favoring a good supply/demand picture for our company and for our industry. We see sustainability as a sine qua non. We see cost discipline as core. And we see a workforce that is passionate about delivering on all of the above. Adaptability/innovation is a complex challenge and as Charles Darwin observed, it's a never-ending one. We are doing our very best and we'll continue to do so. And with that, I'll ask Jason to provide an overview of the results. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. I will be talking about our results for the second quarter of 2019. These results are summarized on slide 2. For the quarter, we generated adjusted earnings of $2.54 per share, which is $0.07 higher than the midpoint of our May guidance and 12% higher than the same time last year. Our net revenue yields were up 9.5% for the second quarter, which was in line with our May guidance, despite the negative impact from the Cuba travel ban. 400 basis points of this year-over-year improvement was driven by the additions of Silversea, Perfect Day and Terminal A, with the remaining 550 basis points being driven by our core business. The abrupt removal of call to Cuba from June sailings on Majesty of the Seas and Empress of the Seas costs us 30 basis points in year-over-year yield for the quarter. While the Cuba policy change was financially and operationally painful, our underlying business remains very strong, as we both outperformed on onboard revenue and saw a further close-in demand for our core products. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, were up 8.9% for the quarter, which was 110 basis points better than the May guidance, driven by timing. As we often said, we manage our cost an annual basis rather than on a quarterly basis. Therefore, the positive cost variance that occurred in the second quarter will simply reappear as an increase in our cost in the back half of the year. This quarter, we also outperformed below the line, driven mainly by lower interest cost and better performance from our joint ventures. As Richard mentioned this morning, our brands are executing beautifully and demand continues to accelerate, which is evident in our strong book position. We remain nicely ahead in rate and our load factors are in line with the same time last year. At this point in the year, we don't expect to be booked ahead in the volume, given our increased mix of short Caribbean capacity and the impact from the abrupt Cuba itinerary changes. This consistently strong demand isn't a function of one thing, but many. The general economy continues to be strong, consumer trends and demographics are very aligned with our business. Our global footprint allows us to be nimble in adapting to market level trends and we continue to innovate the overall guest experience. Industry-leading hardware like Symphony of the Seas, Celebrity Edge and Celebrity Flora combined with new product innovations, like Perfect Day at CocoCay and Excalibur, as well as the modernization of our fleet is significantly contributing to our top line and earnings growth. Demand trends from North American guests continue to be very strong and that strength is more than offsetting the modest volatility from our European consumers. As a result, all of our core itineraries are performing in line with or better than we expected when we gave guidance three months ago, with Caribbean and China sailings contributing the most to our improved non-Cuba revenue outlook. The strong performing Caribbean accounts for a smaller percent of our capacity for the rest of the year than it did in the first half of the year, at just under 50% of our Q3 and Q4 inventory. We're always happy to see new bookings outpace our expectations, but what has been particularly impressive over the past few months is the pricing we are receiving for sailings, visiting Perfect Day at CocoCay. Pricing on these sailings has consistently been outpacing our lofty expectations, and has been a major contributor to our improved non-Cuba revenue outlook. European itinerary accounts for 16% of our full year capacity about 20% of our capacity for the remainder of the year. These sailings have continued to book in line with our expectations, with Celebrity Edge receiving significant pricing premiums and the overall fleet booked ahead of same time last year in pricing for both the Mediterranean and the Baltics. Demand and pricing for North American guests have remained strong, and as a result, significantly more and more North Americans are sailing with us in Europe this year. On the last call, we discussed the volatility in demand we were seeing from the UK given the ongoing Brexit uncertainty. Since then, we have seen an improvement with bookings from the UK up double-digits over the past three months. Europe remains our second highest yielding summer product, and we are pleased with how this season is shaping up. Our highest yielding summer products, is of course Alaska. Alaska sailings only account for 5% of our full year capacity, but are just over 10% in the third quarter. We've upped our game from a hardware standpoint in Alaska this year with Celebrity Eclipse, Ovation of the Seas and Silver Muse is replacing older hardware along with the first ever Alaska season for Azamara. These hardware changes combined with strong demand from North America, are contributing to our overall yield growth this year. And finally, our Asia-Pacific itineraries account for about 15% of our full year capacity and 14% of the rest of the year. Spectrum of the Seas arrived in Shanghai last month, and is getting very strong demand for sailings from China, which will remain year-round. The addition of Spectrum of the Seas combined with further expansion of distribution channels in China, are driving yield growth for the products. Our Australia and Southeast product account for 6% and 4% of our capacity respectively, and are performing in line with expectations. It's still a little too early in the booking window to comment too specifically on trends for 2020. However, I will note that we are very pleased with the performance thus far. Prior to the recent Cuba-related redeployments, our load factors were in line with last year's record high and rates were and still are up nicely in all four quarters. Now let's turn to slide 3 to talk about our updated guidance for the full year 2019. Overall, we are updating our guidance to $9.55 to $9.65 per share, which includes a $0.15 improvement from our previous guidance due to better second quarter results and an improved revenue outlook for the second half of the year. As it relates to our key metrics, we expect our net revenue yields to increase in the range of 7.75% to 8.25% for the year. This updated guidance includes the negative impact of approximately 70 basis points from compensation in itinerary changes related to the recent travel restrictions at Cuba. Excluding this impact, the midpoint of the company's net yield guidance has improved by approximately 40 basis points versus our May guidance. The improvement in our underlying business is split pretty evenly between Q2, Q3 and Q4. Overall, our net yield guidance on a core basis, whereas when normalizing for Silversea, Perfect Day, the new terminal in Cuba is now more than 5%. This performance is already one of the strongest in our history, and came during a period of more than 6% of capacity growth in the industry. This revenue performance is really a testament to the strength of the demand for our brands and for cruising. From a cost perspective, we expect our net cruise costs excluding fuel to be up 10% to 10.5% in constant currency. This updated guidance reflects an increase in our costs, mainly related to the travel restrictions to Cuba. We expect fuel expense of $703 million for the year, and we are 59% hedged. In summary, based on the current business outlook, along with current fuel prices interest in currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $9.55 to $9.65 per share. Now we can turn to our guidance for the third quarter, which is on slide 4. We expect net revenue yields to be up approximately 6.5% for the third quarter, including a benefit of approximately 340 basis points from the combination of Silversea, Perfect Day and Terminal A. Yields are also included a negative impact of 110 basis points associated with Cuba. The impact of Cuba and a lower mix of Caribbean deployment combined with the timing of the Silversea consolidation, the launch of Terminal A, and the delivery of new hardware are contributing to a smaller, although still significant yield increase in the second half of the year compared to the first half. Net cruise costs excluding fuel for the quarter are expected to increase approximately 11%. So in summary, based on current fuel prices interest and currency exchange rates and the outlook expressed above, our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter are expected to be approximately $4.35 per share. With that, I will ask the operator to open up the call for question-and-answer.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: Yeah. Hey, guys. Good morning, guys, and Richard well done on getting an A team reference into your prepared remarks. I guess if we go back to January, and we look at your original earnings guidance, which had a midpoint of $9.87, look at your midpoint now which is $9.60. Is it fair to say if you didn't have some of these headwinds you guys have spaced, you would be on a pace for probably a mid-10s kind of year? And I guess what I'm getting in here is you've absorbed $0.30 from Cuba, $0.25 from Oasis. So if my math is right, I think about $0.25 in Q1 FX. Is that the right way we should be thinking about how 2019 could have shaped up?
Jason Liberty: Hey Steve, first, thanks for the question and thanks for the A-Team. Kudos for Richard.
Richard Fain: It's very important that we have cultural literacy as well.
Jason Liberty: That's right. That's right. But that's exactly right. There's definitely been some real hits this year as it relates to those three elements that you pointed out which are also relatively accurate to what the impact has been for this year. So, if we didn't have Cuba if we didn't have the Grand Bahama incident, and certainly FX in the fuel, we would be talking to a better number that would be at the low to mid-$10 ranges.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then Jason you also back in January you laid out a 350 basis point positive impact from Silversea, CocoCay in the Miami Parking terminal. Has anything changed there in terms of those impacts to yields?
Jason Liberty: Those impacts are pretty consistent on the yield side as well as on the cost side. Now, of course, when we talk about Perfect Day, we're really specific about the on-island activities. And clearly the strength that we're seeing on the ticket yield side is well ahead of what we could have even imagined. It would be in terms of demand which is also bolstering either strong commentary that we have as it relates to the strength for our business in the Caribbean.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. And the last one for me and I understand it's still early in terms of booking patterns and I don't think you're going to answer this question really. But when we look out to the 2020 and the Caribbean bookings, can we get any color in terms of how they have trended since the Cuba news came out? And I understand you just opened up the booking window for some of those ships, but I think the fear that's out there today in the marketplace is that Caribbean yields will materially roll over in the first half of 2020 given the lack of Cuban premiums?
Michael Bayley: Steve its Michael, I'll jump in here. On the two ships that we had going to Cuba for 2020, we just opened them up and, of course, one of those ships is going to Perfect Day. So, the demand as Jason had mentioned for Perfect Day has been -- really it's exceeded our expectations and our expectations were pretty high. So, we're kind of pleased with what we're seeing for 2020 in the Perfect Day. It's a key driver for the Caribbean performance. And the ships that we dropped out of Cuba, we're feeling pretty good about how that's performing. I mean its early days, yes, that's we've said.
Jason Liberty: And Steve just to kind of add on to it, especially as it relates to Perfect Day; one we launched Perfect Day in the middle of the second quarter and of course, there's a ramp-up to that island. And so we also plan to take a lot more guests next year in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 to Perfect Day. And so I think just the general comments that we have around the back half of this year and also my comments on 2020 are generally saying that we continue to see very strong demand trends for the Caribbean.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks guys. Appreciate all the color.
Michael Bayley: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thank you so much. So, Jason you guys have raised your net yield by 40 basis points ex-Cuba when you talked about the strong demand that you've seen in the core brands in the second half and because of that how you raised your -- it basically essentially raised your second half guidance. I think you've touched on some of this in your prepared remarks and in your answer to Steve's question. But just wondering if you could just kind of peel back the layers, give us some more granular cover -- color to what's driving that increase for your second half? You've talked about Perfect Day, but how much of it is priced? How much of it is onboard just general strength that sort of thing?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. Just kind of focusing on the back half of the year thinking of the strength that we're seeing is coming from two elements; so, about half of it is being driven by better ticket; and half of it is being driven by better-than-expected onboard. And on the onboard side it's more of the experiential type of activities which would also include Perfect Day. But on the ticket side, there's really -- all of our core products are seeing very strong demand. And so they're either in line with our expectations or they're doing better. And the two areas that are doing better which I had in my remarks has been the Caribbean and has been China. And those are two areas where we've seen an acceleration in demand.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. And that's a perfect segue to my follow-up which is Europe and you talked about the softness there and we all know that you sourced globally and you take the best customer for the best itinerary. But just wondering for those who may have some concerns about Europe and kind of the European source demand if that could be an overhang going forward, can you just talk about your perceived optimism? Or maybe I should say cautious optimistic about Europe?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. So also what I had commented on was that over the past several -- or really the past two months we've seen much better trends and consistent trends from Europe and also for the U.K. But, of course, because there was some volatility going through WAVE and then going into early second quarter, we recognized much better -- for stronger demand trends coming from North America for European sailings. And as you've pointed out we've got this global very diverse footprint that is supported by yield management tools and systems and people that manages demand globally. And so when we see better demand trends form one market versus another, we shift our sourcing there. And so Europe is in a very good shape and as it relates to the products -- and as I said these demand trends from Europe have now been stabilized, but we've seen increases in their booking activity over the past couple of months.
Richard Fain: Felicia, it’s Richard here. And then just to add on to that. You asked for some color on how it's looking going forward. And you recall very well in -- first of all, we never give real guidance for the coming year this early in the process. So, we're doing what we normally do. But if you recall back to 2016, we thought the end of that year and the beginning of 2017, we're unusually good and we might never see such a strong forward picture again. In the year later, we were looking at an even stronger 2017 and then an even stronger 2018 and the same thing happened last year. Now, when we're looking forward, we are -- from a color point of view, we are feeling the strength of the market. The Caribbean and the ability to not only handle the situation in Cuba but essentially the rest of the Caribbean absorbed that without a lot of difficulty. It's really unusual that you continue to see such a positive forward perspective as we're seeing in the market just in terms of general tone and color.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you so much.
Richard Fain: Thanks, Felicia.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. And I think you addressed a lot of my questions which had to do with the fact that that Cuba impact you've called out that $0.30 was kind of for half a year. And then when we look into 2020. But I would think a significant part of that would have been sort of compensating people that have booked already, which you don't necessarily have to do for things that weren't sold yet in 2020. And discounting for things that are very close and often not an issue in 2020, maybe the ship going to CocoCay even does better than it was going to Cuba. So is there -- if you had to think about EPS impact from Cuba in 2020, is it fair to say, it will be well less than half of the EPS impact that you had called out in 2019? Like in other word I think people might just feel comfortable that there's not any kind of serious drop from that in 2020?
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Robin. So on the Cuba front, as you pointed out, yes, there's a few things that come with an abrupt change in an itinerary. So one, as you mentioned was compensation. The second is that of course, you have guests that cancel and of course say an itinerary like Cuba, it's not like just a change in the Caribbean itinerary. This is a itinerary that people specifically had signed up to go and visit. So certainly, that had its financial and operational impacts for this year. As Michael commented, one of those ships is going to go to Perfect Day. And of course, demand for going to Perfect Day is exceptional. And so I think we expect that ship to do well. And the other ship was also on a very good deployment for next year. So we certainly don't expect that $0.30 impact that we've experienced this year to kind of settle in at the long-term. And I don't know if the answer is going to be half of it or better than half of it. But I know Michael and his team and Larry on the Azamara team and the Silversea team that are having impacts from Cuba have put action plans in to try to recover as much of that as possible.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. And then just kind of a housekeeping item, just looking at your CapEx schedule, it looks like it's gone up by about $100 million a year for the next couple of years. And that could just be rounding and not be anything, but I wondered if there was some particular initiative or something that changed that schedule a little bit? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. And I think it is mainly rounding there's a little bit as we ordered Icon 3 that plays into that number. And then of course, your announcement on Holistica and so forth in some of our planning in terms of investments in the coming years.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Badishkanian with Citi.
Greg Badishkanian: Great. Thank you. Yes. Just following up on Richard's comments about CocoCay, not primarily competing with other cruise line, but really trying to get from other passengers from other travel segments. What percentage of those passengers are maybe new-to-cruise? And then also from a benefit perspective, are you seeing that primarily help you from a deal perspective? Or is it just the overall demand for cruising and that helps up what you absorbed some of the path that you have said otherwise went to Cuba? So there's some other benefits from just increasing your load from that.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Greg, it's Michael. In total, in 2019 and through into 2020 11 of the Royal Caribbean ships will be going to Perfect Day at CocoCay. So you can imagine the amount of -- the volume that we're taking to Perfect Day has gone up by a factor of about four and we were already taking a lot of guests to CocoCay before we underwent all of this work and changed the whole experience. It's also a key component of our shore strategy that we introduced a couple of years ago. If you may recall, we put Mariner Navigator Independence through Royal Amplified and we completely changed the product offering in the shorts market and literally put the biggest best ships in that short market, which is about 20-something percent of the entire American cruise market. So we already started to see demand increasing for those products, because they are truly great products. When you combine that with Perfect Day, we've seen a real uptick. Since we opened Perfect Day and people have begun to experience it, I think to date we've taken maybe 350,000 people to Perfect Day since we opened. It's now rated the number one resort globally for Royal Caribbean. It's knocking it out of the park in terms of truly delivering a phenomenal day. The guest satisfaction is extremely high. And so the demand that we're seeing is coming from all segments. It competes very well with Orlando. It's got a truly wonderful day both thrill and chill and it is also driving new-to-cruise, because approximately 40% of the short market is new-to-cruise. So it's really ticked the box across all of these different dimensions. And in terms of the demand that we're seeing since we've opened and people beginning to understand what kind of experience this is, we're seeing both significant increase in volume and of course that's driving rate.
Jason Liberty: And Greg, just to add. Really, over the past several years and you've heard us talk about this we've talked about this also in our Investor Day. But as the consumer trends and demographic trends point more towards experience in travel and multigenerational and really kind of spans the products that we offer, you combine that with the innovations that we talked about, whether it's Perfect Day at CocoCay or the modernization or the new ships. And then you have just perception of cruising has really accelerated. And all of these things are leading to a real change in mix where there is much more new-to-cruise as a percent of our mix than we have experienced really in decades. And that is because of all these different things in which we're doing and the industry is doing to attract new and fresh demand.
Michael Bayley: And just add to that Greg, I think Carola is trying to organize an investor trip in November to Perfect Day. Hopefully, you'll get an opportunity to come and see it, because when you've seen it and experienced it, you're going to truly understand what a game-changer this product and experience is.
Greg Badishkanian: Yeah. That’s a good Investor Day. Thank you. Great color. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with MorningStar.
Jaime Katz: Hi, good morning. What you guys have talked about in the past is Excalibur quite a bit which wasn't really mentioned very much on this call. And I'm curious how the rollout has really helped facilitated the outperformance, any insight maybe that could help us quantify that or what you guys expect going forward would be helpful? Thanks.
Richard Fain: So it's Richard and the Excalibur rollout has been excellent. It's now -- our objective was to get at/or close to across almost all of our fleet before the end of this year and that continues to be on track. The -- it's really worked out very well for doing two things: It improves the experience to our guests, it makes it easier to board, it makes it easier to do what you want; most importantly it really simplifies the process. When we started this kind of technology process Lisa talked about giving people back the first day of their vacation, because they didn't have to spend that time to orchestrate themselves. And with the approximately, with the photo recognition, you're going from a lengthy process to essentially no process. That helps improve the experience and then that, of course, helps us with our ticket sales. But it also helps our onboard revenue because it makes it easier for people to get to the experiences, to do the activities that they want to do. It makes it easier for them to do so in advance and people who book in advance tend to spend more onboard when they get there. So it's been a home run for us. The Excalibur team has been exceptional and really put together something that people really like. And we're building on it. So what you see so far is really a platform that you can build on. And so we didn't talk about it, we have so much to talk about, so we always have to make choices.
Jaime Katz: Of course. And then regarding Spectrum, it sounds like the launch has been slightly more successful than some of the prior launches into the China market. Has onboard spend been trending any differently for passengers on the ship relative to ships in the past? Have you guys been able to generate more revenue maybe than previous?
Michael Bayley: Yeah. Hi, Jaime it's Michael. Yes Spectrum's launch was really good. It was a great event. We've got massive coverage. Demand for the product has been very strong. We've made great progress with the evolution of the distribution channels and we're feeling pretty good about where we currently are in the journey that we're on. The product has been exceptionally well received. We've got a very -- I'd say a fairly significant price gap between competitors and the market. And we've seen a real uptick in the onboard revenue. I think we've got the right product and we're attracting the right demographics. And we're seeing that with the onboard spend. So I would say we're certainly seeing a recovery from a couple years ago. We're feeling good about Spectrum. We're feeling good about China.
Richard Fain: Operator, next caller.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. So I want to drill down a little bit more in the 2020 booking commentary, which you referred to as exceptionally strong. But can you also provide us a little bit more of a quantitative context? Because I think you've said prior to the Cuba, the load factors were in line and rates were up in all four quarters. So is the implication that since the Cuba travel ban here in the last 1.5 month call it that the load factors are now down in 2020? And I guess help me just to reconcile that with some of the positive tone you have here on the booking commentary? And then any differences in brands or regions that you would call out as well?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Sure Jared. And I try to address it in my remarks probably I'll try to be a little more specific about it. So our load factors for next year are, I mean very slightly down year-over-year, which is really what you would expect and what we do expect because of two things, one of which is we have more short products on next year and that short product is closer in booking product, so that would be one thing; and second is we just redeployed the Cuba ships and so you're somewhat kind of starting over again on those ships. And so that had a little bit of an impact on our load factor. But what I also said was that our pricing was nicely up. And that includes no longer having a high yielding Cuba as part of that mix. And so we are quite encouraged about the booking environment for 2020 whether it's the booking volumes, whether it's the pricing that we're seeing and the load factor change is what we very much expected it would be. And, of course, as we've talked about in the past if we would like to, we could have that load factor be higher. But we are always trying to optimize and maximize our revenue.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. Thank you. And then just two quick housekeeping questions for me, I mean you've absorbed a lot of CapEx in the last few quarters and obviously haven't repurchased stock. Are you still expecting to repurchase stock in the back half of this year when CapEx decelerates here a little bit? And then separately for next year as you think about fuel expense, your hedged dollar value goes up from this year to next year. But I think some of that might just be you're now hedging the higher dollar MGO instead of IFO, so correct me if I'm wrong on that? And any color you can provide on how we should be thinking about fuel expense next year. Just with all the puts and takes on the hedges, I think make it a little bit difficult to try to forecast that for us.
Jason Liberty: Yeah sure. So I'll talk about the fuel first and then I'll talk about stock repo for a second. On the fuel side that's -- what you said was exactly right. If you look at our fuel mix as it relates to our hedging program, we are indexed higher to MGO relative to our historical mix. And now we've also talked about in the past that our expectations is generally the mix of fuel that we burn today. IFO versus MGO should remain more or less the same because of our investments and great execution of implementing our AEP systems on the ships, which will allow us to continue to burn the higher sulfur IFO fuel. And so I would -- I think that's how we set our hedge portfolio for next year. As it relates on the stock repo side, as we said we're going to do it opportunistically and also to kind of make sure that we're in line with our credit metrics of 3 to 3.5 times and we certainly get to that location here in the back half of the year. And so we will be looking at that as we always have opportunistically.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: You got it.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Conder: Thank you and congrats to the team on that continued strong execution. Just a couple gentlemen here, looking to 2020 just -- is it fair to say, you're not really seeing any change in the trends that have been exhibited so far in 2019, as far as the regional demand and sourcing? In particular, also you haven't really commented that much on Germany. So if you can just remind us the percentage you sourced out of Germany of it global? And then -- and specifically what you're seeing out of TUI, just an update there in the trends that we're seeing given softening economic outlook? And of course what's been out there in the markets from other competitors?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. So, first as it relates to 2020, I'm not going to start kind of breaking this down by region or by market in any way. But I think as Richard pointed out which I think is really the case is, each year we talk about how strong the demand environment is as we look into the future year and it ends up being that or better. And as we look at 2019 which is another very strong year as I talked about in my remarks, if you kind of strip out the Perfect Day's and the part of Miami in Silverseas in Cuba 5-plus percent yield improvement on a pretty larger capacity growth year. Those trends that we have seen this year are very much what we're seeing as we're going into 2020. And so I'll kind of leave it there versus -- I'm not going to get into the different markets and the products at this time because it is too early for us to provide specific commentary there. Germany a very small percentage of our overall capacity for our consolidating brands, obviously most of our sourcing for TUI is for TUI cruises. TUI cruises is having another very strong year. The demand for that product even though there's been, I know some reports about concerns around Germany in terms of demand that is not really hitting TUI cruises at least to-date, it's not.
Tim Conder: Okay. Thank you. And then secondly, just wanted to ask on the destination development there's been a lot of talks about CocoCay and how exceptionally well that's performing. How are you -- just any update that you can give us Jason or Richard or Michael whoever wants to take this, how you're thinking a potential timeframe for maybe something else elsewhere in the world similar to owned and operated and then anything else and when we should maybe start hearing something out of Holistica JV of some additional projects there? Thank you.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Tim. I think as Richard had previously stated obviously destination and destination development is now really at the center of our forward-looking strategy. And we've really started to mobilize behind that both with Holistica which of course we announced a month or so ago. And we're now deeply engaged in multiple possible opportunities and particularly the one in Freeport that where the team is working on currently. With regards to Perfect Day, I think we've been genuinely delighted with the demand that we're seeing for Perfect Day and the experience that we're delivering is really at a high level. So I think it's fair to say that we're seeking further opportunities in this space. And when we're ready to make announcements, we'll be happy to let you know.
Tim Conder: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Instinet.
Harry Curtis: Just as a quick follow-up on that question. Maybe if you can think of put this into perspective at CocoCay, what inning are you and in terms of its ability to drive your long-term growth in the Caribbean? And are the returns on invested capital such that, it really does make sense particularly to either add capacity there? Or to seek just an entirely new opportunity that will drive a 5-year growth in the Caribbean?
Michael Bayley: Harry, it's really difficult to answer those questions in a detailed way. I think it's pretty obvious that -- and I think we've kind of -- we stated this now at several times, we're generally delighted with the performance of Perfect Day and the response has been outstanding. We feel as if it's going to be a key driver of our future growth. It's certainly demonstrating that to-date with demand from all markets. I think we will pursue opportunities and when we're ready to make announcements we'll be happy to make those announcements. But we're really pleased. I think this idea of really curated outstanding destination experiences that can manage volume for Royal Caribbean is a direction that we're heading in.
Jason Liberty: And Harry just to kind to Michael's comments, you obviously enhancing the guest experience is kind of a key tenet for us. But also obviously, it's improving shareholder returns. And going into these investments obviously our goal here is to be investing in ways that are improving our return on invested capital and from that improving our shareholder returns. So these are pretty high bar projects. And as we've talked about Perfect Day is doing exceptionally well and exceeding, I think those lofty profiles for returns.
Harry Curtis: Thanks Jason. And my second question is, in talking with kind of potential non-investors if you will, the issue is always concern over not necessarily this year, but the next year. And so maybe it's pretty good idea to give folks a sense of even though you're booked at roughly the same level so far for next year, give folks a sense of historically at this point in time, how well booked is Royal Caribbean for the first quarter? How well booked is it for the second quarter because there is enough business on the books in the first and the second quarters. Do that sort of lay that fear?
Jason Liberty: Well I'm not going to start breaking down our book status by each quarter. But the commentary that I would say, the bullishness that we have about the booking environment certainly relates to Q1 and Q2 of next year on which we have a much better visibility into. And I think it's -- for those that are always concerned on the capacity side, I would just I would remind everybody that next year, our capacity is up only about 4% versus this year our capacity was 8%. And if you normalize for Silversea it was a little bit over 6%. And so we feel very good about the book position and we feel very good about what the next four quarter looks like, we feel very good about the next six quarters look like at this point.
Harry Curtis: I guess my -- maybe if I can just add -- ask a more general way of …
Jason Liberty: Sure.
Harry Curtis: … presenting that. If you look at the first half, is it reasonable to think -- I mean, go back five years or seven years, is it -- can you say to investors who are skeptical that you've got 40% of the business in the first half booked already or 50%? I mean, is it -- is there a chunky enough business amount of business on the books, because look we are doing really well? This is not a business that comes in last-minute as evidenced by the business that we have in the first half of 2020 already on the books.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Well, I haven't memorized -- or I've lost the data points from five to seven years ago. But what I do know for a fact is that we are in a much stronger book position on a volume or as a percent of our future revenue than we were five to seven years ago. Each year we've talked about being booked ahead and at higher load factors and rates. And so as a book percentage, especially over the next 12 to 18 months we're in a very strong book position.
Richard Fain: Harry, I also have to remind you and the others, as we've said a number of times on the call, we decide how much we want to be booked. And there are times when we say for various reasons it ought to be more or less. That's -- to some extent we can drive that number. And I think that the focus on it is it 0.5% more or less than last year? Is -- actually could lead you down the wrong path, because that is something we choose what it should be. The fact is that over the last number of years then -- by the way, I recall on one of these calls several years ago saying we're more booked now than we have been before and I don't think it will wane. I think next year you'll see it to go down, because I think next year we'll want it to be less. And in fact, I was wrong and our revenue management people decided that we could absorb the -- taking more in the beginning. So, I just want to give you a caution that being booked more isn't, per se automatically say the market is stronger, it's much -- it's oftentimes it's just our revenue management people think given the kinds of cruises we offer and the kind of booking patterns that we're seeing that that's a choice we make.
Harry Curtis: Okay. And I appreciate all that. And my -- the point I was trying to make is somewhat different which is that you do have a significant amount of the first half of next year booked and that should give investors kind of confidence. But I appreciate that.
Jason Liberty: That is accurate though, Harry. Your statement is accurate.
Harry Curtis: Okay. That’s all I was trying to get out. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: You got it.
Operator: And we do have time for one more question today. The question will come from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi. Good morning. I guess …
Jason Liberty: Good morning.
Sharon Zackfia: … I think Richard mentioned the R word. So, I'm sure as you all sit around and think about there is economic situations you do have plans for how you would address any kind of pervasive economic slowdown, understanding you're not seeing that in your business yet. I mean, how would you characterize the differences today? And how you would think about operating Royal Caribbean through some sort of slowdown versus 2008/2009 when you curtailed the ship orders and all of that? I mean, what's different today in how you would go-to-market?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Sure. So, I'll start off by -- Sharon, by saying as it relates to the R word or recession obviously a lot of our plans and we have many scenarios that we would consider depending on what type of a situation that we were in. But, of course, I think we should all remind everybody and this was somewhat in our remarks, in Richard's remarks is we now operate a very kind of global and diverse business that sources guests obviously from different parts of the world, but also on different segments. We also have itineraries that go to a thousand different places. So what's available to our guest is much more diverse than -- and I would say it's unfortunate that we're still quite a value relative to land-based vacations that we of course we keep trying to close. We also have a much stronger balance sheet, much stronger liquidity position. And I think we would evaluate our sets of plans in case there was a change in the wins. But as you had pointed out and as we've talked about here on the call, we are not seeing any of those changes whether it's in our booking -- our daily bookings or whether it's the onboard trading activities as guests are spending with us each and every day.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. Can I just have a follow-up? If you had a do-over, would you have grown throughout the last recession? Would you have canceled -- or not canceled, but curtailed ship orders as much as you did?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. There is definitely regret that we have in terms of our pullback on our growth. We would all be talking about higher earnings numbers today, better return profile today, if we hadn't slowed down our growth or our investment efforts in expanding our global footprint, investing in different projects that would have put us in an even stronger position than we are today.
Sharon Zackfia: Helpful. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Great. Well, with that I'll ask the operator -- I'm sorry -- thank you for your assistance today in the call and we thank you all for participating and the interest you have in the company. We would be available all day for follow-ups that you might have -- actually if you have more specific -- you need to ask Carola if you have any follow-ups today. And we wish you all a very great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Cheryl, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our investor website www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I'd like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial metrics, which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial items can be found on our website. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency-adjusted basis. Richard will begin by providing a strategic review of the business. I will follow with a recap of our first quarter results, provide an update on the booking environment, and then provide an update on our full year and second quarter guidance for 2019. We will then open-up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Jason and good morning everybody. It's been a great first quarter and we're on our way to another great year. So I look forward to chatting about it a little bit. As we stated in our press release, this quarter we were able to beat our earnings guidance essentially due to higher revenues and our revenues for the full year are also looking better than what we expected with higher pricing in every quarter. I have to stress that we're both delighted and a little bit surprised with this very nice outlook as our initial guidance was already very strong. We think that this is a result of several elements, our superior new buildings, strategic revenue management decisions, our global footprint, very well-positioned brands and an enhanced destination offering. Now, while our revenue outlook has only gotten better, our earnings forecast was negatively impacted by some things outside our control namely currency, fuel and an incident that occurred at the beginning of April at the Grand Bahama Shipyard. The accident impacted the year's operation and therefore affected directly and indirectly the ships that were scheduled to be drydock there. Luckily, there were no serious injuries but we did have to cancel three sailings on Oasis of the Seas in order to have her repaired. This is a very unusual event and not only have we never experienced anything like it, I've never heard of anybody else ever experiencing it either. Now as it pertains to our improved business outlook, I should first highlight the new buildings that our guests will be able to enjoy this year. First, we continue to enjoy delicious yields on our new ships from last year Celebrity Edge and Symphony of the Seas. We continue to find that our guest appreciate the innovation and the focus that's characterized, our new ship and more importantly they're willing to pay for it. In May, we will introduce the beautiful and relatively small Celebrity Flora, which will debut in the Galapagos targeting the expedition segment. This ship was especially designed for that very unique itinerary and is already making a huge statement in the market. Two weeks ago, we took delivery of Spectrum of the Seas and she is indeed beautiful. She's currently caring happy guests en route to China, and when she arrives in Shanghai in a few weeks, she'll be the largest and the newest ship in Asia. This will help reinforce Royal Caribbean's existing leadership and our commitment to that market. Many of you have heard me say that we have three new fundamental focuses to our strategy going forward. They are people, destinations and technology. I'll start with destinations, because we have a very dramatic new initiative coming online shortly. In the coming weeks, we will officially open Perfect Day at CocoCay, our private resort in the Bahamas. To say that, she is a beauty is a massive understatement and we believe that we have created a truly game changer for the cruise industry, in fact for the vacation industry. On this island, we will offer guests ample opportunity to thrill or chill. On the thrill side, we have the appropriately named Thrill Waterpark that features more than 13 water slides. One of them is the tallest in North America. We have a massive wave pool over the waters ziplines, rock-climbing walls and all sorts of adrenaline amping features. On the chill side, we have amazing beaches as well as the largest freshwater pool in the Caribbean, with a swim-up bar that offers endless opportunities to relax and unwind. Now for those, who'll be looking for a more scenic view is the opportunity to climb 450 feet above the island in Up, Up and Away a helium balloon that will provide some of the best views in the Bahamas. While, the island will officially open to guests in a few weeks, we have been solely opening individual venues as they become ready. And the feedback has been nothing short of exceptional. As you walk around the island, or you scroll through videos on Instagram, you hear the familiar catch praise, I love this place. I have to say that, all that love from our guests is turning into nice return to our shareholders too. Itineraries that include Perfect Day and preclude revenue for the island attractions are up double-digits versus the same time last year. Now, I have to warn you, if you give him even the slightest opportunity, I know that Michael will go on endlessly about this wonderful new extravaganza of his and he is rightly proud of. Now, switching to the technology focus of our company, we have Excalibur, our own, data and digital platform. And here we are transforming the onboard experience. With one single app, our guests can now control so many more aspects of their cruise experience, that it frees them up to enjoy their vacation more, instead of spending time organizing it. I'm particularly excited this is already been so broadly deployed that 60% of our guests can get it available. And, towards the end of the year it will be virtually all our guests. And the ratings that it's getting in the Apple App Store are 4.7. So a real success story for us. We're very pleased about it. And we're working on leveraging these opportunities. Now, besides our efforts in technology in destinations, I have to update you on the work we're doing regarding our human capital. You've heard me say many times, that what makes us successful is, the people, the people, the people. This success has enabled us to grow a lot, but we are growing fast at a time when the competition for talent is fierce. When skill sets are constantly evolving, and where the way we work is rapidly changing. New technologies are shaping how we work, where we work and the skills we need to do that work. Because of all that, we are putting forward a number of initiatives to ensure that we're able to attract the best talent, while helping our own people develop their critical skills and collaborate even better. We are investing in giving our employees the tools to do their job, and we are also investing in upskilling and reskilling internally, both for our employees on board and onshore side. I can't stress enough. Our success depends on, the people, the people, the people. One last topic I'd like to touch on is related to environmental stewardship. Back in 2016, we announced our partnership with the World Wildlife Fund, to take our sustainability performance to the next level. This partnership pushed us to set ambitious sustainability goals in three key areas, Greenhouse gas emissions, sustainable food supply, and destination stewardship. We believe that what gets measured gets better. Setting measurable goals, and then publicly reporting on our performance against those goals hold ourselves accountable and that's the best way to make progress. I'm pretty proud of the fantastic work achieved by our global tour operator team in their efforts to bring our guests more sustainable tours. We are now had reached 80% of our target of 1,000 sustainable tours by 2020. This effort takes us beyond our own internal operations. And supports sustainable travel and livelihoods at the destinations we partner with. It's quite simple, without the places tourism can't thrive. I'd like to take a moment to discuss some of the most recent announcements related to Cuba. As I'm sure most of you know, last month the U.S. administration took a decision that is likely to prompt a litigation related to companies that do business in Cuba. If such legislation does ensue, we believe that we possess all defenses. And we're not expecting to change our itineraries as a result. The administration also commented on possible changes to the regulations that apply to travel to Cuba. At this point, we don't know if there will be any changes, what those changes might be? Or to what extent they would impact us. Only 3% of our itineraries currently go to Cuba. And any impact would depend on what the regulations say. And how much advanced notice we and our guests would receive. With that, happy to turn the microphone back to Jason, Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. Before getting into the results, I'd like to discuss the impact of the unfortunate incident in the Grand Bahama Shipyard on our key metrics. As we stated in the release this morning, the early April incident resulted in several canceled sailings, and higher repair costs that will impact our full year earnings by approximately $0.25 per share. While the cruise cancellations negatively impacted our absolute revenue for the year, these shorter season sailings were essentially neutral to our overall yields. As you can see on slide 2, in an improvement in our business outlook has offset all the $0.25 impact from FX and fuel and even most of the $0.25 negative impact from the Grand Bahama incident. This improved outlook is a result of our strong top line results in the first quarter and an increase in the revenue performance for the balance of the year. I will now walk you through our results for the first quarter of 2019. These results are summarized on slide 3. For the quarter, we generated adjusted net income of $1.31 per share, which is approximately $0.21 higher than our guidance and approximately 20% higher than same time last year. Net revenue yields were up 9.3% for the quarter, which is approximately 150 basis points higher than the midpoint of our previous guidance. The main drivers of the positive variance were continued strength and onboard revenue and better-than-anticipated close-in demand. As I have mentioned over the past couple of quarters, guests spend for onboard activities has continued to shift towards areas that involved experiences over buying things and this quarter was no different. Shore excursion and various types of packages were key contributors to the quarterly beat. In addition to the onboard revenue strength, our results also benefited from better-than-expected pricing on close-in demand, especially for Caribbean and Asian sailings. Our results for the quarter included the benefits from Silversea and Terminal A, however yields were still up almost 6% when excluding those benefits. This is particularly gratifying when considering that this level of yield improvement was on top of a 4.9% yield increase in the first quarter of 2018. Net cruise costs excluding fuel were up 9.6% for the quarter slightly lower than our guidance driven by timing. Additionally, better-than-anticipated performance below the line driven mainly by our joint ventures helped contribute to the earnings beat in the first quarter. Now, I'd like to update you on what we're seeing in the demand environment. I noted on our last earnings call that WAVE got off to a very strong start and we experienced two record booking weeks early on. That booking strength continued, contributing to a record-breaking WAVE season for the company. Bookings during WAVE were up nicely year-over-year and we are particularly pleased with the pricing power we have achieved so far this year. Since the beginning of the year prices on new bookings have been up nicely. Our book per diem is now further ahead same time last year, when compared to three months ago. As a result, we are booked at record levels in both rate and volume for the year despite the increased mix of short Caribbean capacity, which tends to book much closer in. It's rare that booking patterns are strong in all regions of the world and like most years we are seeing some variation this year. We are enjoying very strong demand from North American and from Asia-Pacific whereas we believe uncertainty around Brexit has softened demand from the U.K. Our yield management and deployment optimization tools combined with an established global footprint help ensure we source guests from regions with high quality demand. Therefore, this year we expect to source more guests from North America than we did last year. This is one of the advantages of the operating structure and capability that we have been building over these years. Now, I'd like to update you on what we're seeing in each of our core products. The Caribbean accounts were just over half of our capacity this year and their products have been trending very well. Our new and modernized ships, Perfect Day and the overall strength of our brand have consistently been driving better-than-expected results for our Caribbean itineraries. Perfect Day at CocoCay hasn't officially opened yet, but it's clearly fueling additional and higher-yielding demand for our Caribbean itineraries. Bookings and pricing have been exceeding our expectations overall for the Caribbean, with sailings visiting Perfect Day up by more than other Caribbean itineraries. Europe will account for 16% of our 2019 capacity, which is about flat year-over-year. Bookings from North America and Australia have been up nicely over the past three months, which have offset a slight decrease in bookings from other source of markets like the U.K. From a pricing standpoint, the product is receiving a nice boost to the significant premiums of Celebrity Edge and the Mediterranean. Asia-Pacific itineraries account for about 15% of our full year capacity this year and are trending very well. China itineraries will account for about 6% of our full year capacity. The continued expansion of our distribution channels and imminent arrival of our newest ship, Spectrum of the Seas are contributing to another strong year for the product. Australia and Southeast Asia itineraries account for 6% and 4% of our capacity respectively and remain core to our Q4 and Q1 deployment. Trends have been in line with our expectations for both of these products. Alaska only accounts for about 5% of our full year capacity, but is about 10% during the summer. Each of our brands has made hardware changes to the Alaska offering and as a result our capacity on this high-yielding product is up year-over-year. These changes along with strong demand from North America are contributing to yield growth for the summer season. If you turn to slide 4, you will see our updated guidance for the full year 2019. We expect net revenue yield growth of 7.5% to 9%. This represents an approximate 75 basis points increase from the midpoint of our previous guidance. About half of the improvement was driven by the outperformance in the first quarter, with the remainder driven by a better business outlook for the rest of the year. From a cost perspective, we are anticipating net cruise costs excluding fuel to be up approximately 10% for the year. The increase in this cost metric relative to our previous guidance was mainly driven by the reduction in capacity, due to the canceled sailings and increases in repair costs related to the Grand Bahama Shipyard incident. Since our last call, the dollar has strengthened versus our basket of currencies and the combination of a stronger dollar and higher bunker prices have negatively impacted our earnings per share by approximately $0.25. We expect fuel expense of $707 million for the year and we are 58% hedged. Based on the current business outlook, along with current fuel prices interest and currency exchange rate and the 25% negative impact of the incident at the Grand Bahama Shipyard, our adjusted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $9.65 to $9.85 per share. Excluding the headwinds from fuel currency and the Grand Bahama incident versus our January guidance, adjusted EPS for the year would have been in the range of $10.15 to $10.35 per share. Now I will turn to our guidance for the second quarter, which is on slide 5. Net revenue yields for the second quarter are expected to be up approximately 9.5% and our net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be up approximately 10%. So, in summary, based off the current fuel prices interest and currency exchange rates and the outlook expressed in my earlier comments, our adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter are expected it to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.50 per share. If you exclude the impact from the Grand Bahama Shipyard and the currency and fuel headwinds versus January guidance, our adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter would have been in the range of $2.65 to $2.70 per share. With that, I'll ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Your line is open.
Steve Wieczynski: Yes, guys. Good morning. So first I want to dig into the first quarter yield beat a little bit more. And I guess the question is you beat the midpoint of your yield guidance by around 150 basis points, which is, I mean, ridiculously strong. And that's after you already had a good one month under your belt when you gave that guidance. So can you help me understand a little bit more how the last two months of the first quarter performed so well? Was that more onboard related? Or was that more close-in related? Or was it a combination of both of those? And then maybe also if you could elaborate a little more around those onboard experimental experiential products you called out in the release as well. That would be helpful. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, thanks Steve. So on the first quarter beat, yes, you were right. We were about a month in when we gave guidance. Really it is a combination of very strong on-board trends and better close-in demand, specifically in the Caribbean and then China outperformed our expectations for the quarter. On the onboard side, which has been exceptionally strong we saw an over index of spend on shore excursion our packages like beverage packaging, internet package and again more focused on the experiential stuff versus seeing more spend occur within the retail shops.
Michael Bayley: Hey, Steve, this is Michael. I just wanted to add as well that I think as time passes, we're becoming a lot more sophisticated with our ability to pre-cruise market products, services and experiences. And I really feel like we're making good progress. The other element of course is that we're seeing a lot of demand for the products and the activities and experiences that we've got on Perfect Day. So we're kind of excited about what we see there. And I think I heard that you actually were there a couple of weeks ago.
Steve Wieczynski: Yes, I was. It was great. And so my second question was going to be directed towards you Michael. And it was going to be a question on CocoCay. So I guess, what I want to ask here is, how do you potentially -- or how do you combat the potential overcrowding possibility on that island. And I guess, what I'm getting at is with a new peer now there could be days where you could see 9,000, 10,000 passengers on that island. And I guess, how do you make sure the customer experience won't be impacted? Or another way of saying it is, do you think there is a passenger level that would create a negative passenger experience?
Michael Bayley: Yes. I mean, obviously, we've given this experience the name Perfect Day. And we've designed Perfect Day to deliver what we think will generally be a perfect day for our customers. And we -- from what we've seen so far with between 4,000 and 6,000 people on the island, we've got a huge amount of space available. So we've engineered designed for peak and the peak was way up close to 10,000. We obviously now we'll operate it with bigger ships coming to Perfect Day, and we'll see how we go. I think we're kind of feeling pretty optimistic about the potential for three ship calls versus two ship calls that could take us up to 12,000 a day. And remember, it's a fairly large island and we've only developed about a third of it.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then real quick Jason on the cost side of things for Perfect Day, Silversea and Miami, Cruise Terminal those went up by about 50 basis points in your guidance. Just wondering which one of those three is kind of driving that increase? Or is it pretty much across all three of them?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Some of it's just rounding Steve, but yes some of that's also just further, I mean, investments in Silversea would be really the driver of that and that's more on the product side.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Jason Liberty: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jared Shojaian from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Jared Shojaian: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking question. I want to ask about the $0.25 from the Oasis ship. I would think that you get that back next year, but you also didn't really raise your capacity guidance for next year by the equivalent amount. And I'm also not really sure how the accounting works on the free credits that you offered. If that impacts this year or if that could spill into next year as well so can you just talk about that a little bit?
Jason Liberty: Yes, sure. So as it relates to the $0.25 most of that – well, all of that $0.25 will take place in 2019. There is some leak over for future cruise certificates into 2020 that will also impact next year. But the way that we, I mean, this is generally most of this will be something that we will we able to recover in the future. There's -- there are some things as it relates to the yard that could potentially impact us into 2020. But for the most part this revenue loss is EPC loss were -- will be things that we'll lose this year, but gain back next year.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. Thank you. And Jason, I want to dig a little bit on the Silversea synergies. When you first announced the deal you were talking about $50 million of synergies. Can you confirm that those are $50 million of operating synergies exclusive of the debt refinancing? And then maybe specifically I think in last call you talked about how some of the synergies are already in your cost guidance. If you could just break out of the $50 million how much is currently embedded into your guidance for this year?
Jason Liberty: Yes, so I won't give a specific number. But the way we look at the $50 million which was really more on a cost perspective that would be synergies that we would be recognizing over a two to three year period of time. We are on a very strong track and to meet that potentially even a little bit earlier. So there is a good piece of it that is in the 2019 numbers, but the majority of it will start to come into next year and into 2021.
Jared Shojaian: And the $50 million is excluding debt refinancing in the first quarter of next year?
Jason Liberty: Yes it is.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. So this is probably directed to all of you, but maybe more specifically to Jason. You're all clearly bullish as reflected in your prepared remarks and commentary and the release. So when -- thinking about your increased guidance, is it coming more from ticket or onboard? And then Jason, I was also wondering if you could just comment on the sentence in the release where you kind of mentioned that the booked position and rate and volume are a product of a number of factors including market forces itineraries segmentation and revenue management decisions?
Jason Liberty: Okay. In terms of the mix of the outlook, it's probably in diff a little bit higher on the ticker side. But I mean the onboard is also a big driver of this. As we commented and Michael commented about our pre-cruise sales to our outlook into how people are planning to spend while they are on the ship is very good and we saw that take place in the first quarter. So it is a combination of both onboard and ticket. I mean the onboard is also a very big driver of this, as we commented and Michael commented about our pre-cruise sales to our outlook into how people are planning to spend while they are on the ship is very good and we saw that take place in the first quarter. So it is a combination of both onboard and ticket that we expect to drive the yield -- the 75 basis point uplift in our yield outlook for the 2019 period of time. The comment in the release is really just leveraging what we have been saying on our calls for some time to just kind of to keep in mind that yes, we're in a very strong demand environment and our ability to identify and harvest that demand with the tools and techniques that we have we feel very good about. But we have said that we -- there is this kind of constant internal debate about are we taking too much on too soon? And that's sometimes leaving money on the table. And I think that's really what that statement's about is that your booked position is not just a reflection of the demand it's also a reflection of your revenue management decisions to take those bookings at that point in time. And that was really more just kind of stressing that point again.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then just kind of bigger picture, I think, if you ask any of us the investment community two years ago, you know, no one probably would've been able to predict that demand would be as strong as it today I mean your like-for-like net yield growth is going to be now to 4% to 5.5% for this year -- well above your historical range. And you guys talked a bit about this in the prepared remarks and we know hardware is part of the driver there. But if you have to kind of call out the hardware versus your tech investments and other demand drivers kind of how much is that driving that high like-for-like net yield outlook? And where are we in terms of those investments being able to further drive yields? Are we kind of at -- like if you're looking at a scale from 1 to 10 are we kind of at the 2 to 3 range or are we at the kind of 7 to 8 range?
Richard Fain: Felicia, it’s Richard. I'll take a stab at that and Michael and Jason can add in if they have others. It is hard. I'm not sure a couple of years ago we ourselves would have predicted a strong market as we're seeing today. I think we look at it as an entire experience and it's hard to say well the technology is really helping. At the risk of the offending Michael, the Perfect Day is making the change. And it's clear both are by the way and both have been very effective. And we've been pleased with the reaction to our new ships. So, Celebrity Edge has just been going gangbusters and Celebrity Flora which is coming out -- it's about to come out is going gangbusters as well. And the Island and the technology, the people, our ratings, and our ratings on our guest appreciation of our wonderful crew members is going up. And these things work together and I'm not sure I know how to separate them out. The other aspects of that is we all enjoy reaping the benefits of that and you're quite right, we do enjoy reaping the benefits of that. But these things take a long time in advance to orchestrate. And so we are incurring a lot of costs both capital costs and operating costs to put in place these things which then don't pay off for a while into the future. And I also will admit that it's a little frustrating to have to invest now and reap the rewards later. But this is a long-term industry. We think our success is very much related to our ability to focus on what's happening not this year, but what's happening down the road. So, I'm not sure I know how to separate those things, but I think we all worked together to accomplish the goal.
Jason Liberty: Yes and I just want to add one other thing. I think it's good to kind of break down a little bit of it. Of our core yield growth this year, about a third of it is the new hardware and a little bit over two-thirds of it is improvement in our like-for-like business. So, I think it's a combination of all the things that Richard talked about as well as just stronger demand or poor cruise perception of cruise continues to rise demographics are certainly following into the favor of cruise, a lot of multi-generational travel. And so -- yes, I think that the piece this year which is -- if you heard us in the past we would typically say half of our yield growth was coming from the new hardware and half was coming from just core like-for-like yield growth. This year we're seeing an elevated amount of yield growth on just a like-for-like.
Richard Fain: And actually not to blabber your question, but it opens a lot of really important doors. The other thing that's happened is the cruise industry not just us, but the whole industry is doing a better job of addressing the growth in the public's demand for experiences over things. And so I think we have been also just fortunate that our industry is in the sweet spot of the direction that the public seems to be going in as well.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you. That's helpful. And just a quick clarification when you guys kind of break out your like-for-like yield versus the other things like Silversea and the Terminal and Perfect Day. Specifically on Perfect Day when you're breaking that out beyond like-for-like, is that just coming -- is that just about the revenues that are coming from Perfect Day? Or are you including the increases in pricing that you might be seeing in -- on the ships that are touching Perfect Day?
Jason Liberty: Yes, it's really focused on the on-island revenue that's there. In terms of the yield growth it's -- that's something that's in the core yield number.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, great. Perfect. Thank you so much.
Jason Liberty: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Beckel from Bernstein. Your line is open.
David Beckel: Hey thanks for the question. I just want to dig a little bit deeper into the improvement in the rest of the year. First question is just trying to get at how much of that is Royal-specific and how much of that is a better environment? You called out onboard, it sounds like a lot of that is Royal-specific initiatives and higher ticket price some of which relates to Perfect Day. Are you also seeing higher ticket prices associated with an overall increase in demand for cruise? And as a secondary part of that question is the improvement in the year that you're seeing pretty uniform across all future periods?
Jason Liberty: Sure. So certainly Perfect Day and Royal are helping us in the yield outlook story here. But we're seeing broad very strong demand for cruise. If you look at Celebrity -- especially with Celebrity Edge, I mean yield growth associated with that or the overall demand for Edge has really been exceptional. So, I don't think it is a specific segment. I don't think it's a specific brand. I think we're seeing overall very strong demand for cruising in general. And yes that outlook at least for this year is a pretty consistent path in terms of yield growth. But I do think it's important just to put it in perspective I mean seeing some of the strength we've seen on our core yields this is not what we typically see in a year. So yes, I think we're yes as Richard commented, we are very delighted to see the global demand accelerating. But I always would kind of -- looking out into the future I would not expect this type of yield improvement year in year out.
David Beckel: Got it. That's helpful. And my second question is about Europe. Understanding that you can source guests from different markets, when you have been tapping the European markets, you said volumes were down. Is -- are you actually -- are you also taking price down in those markets? Or are you instead simply diverting demand to other markets? And in those other markets, is that putting a pressure on pricing when you have to rely a little bit more on other markets to replace that European demand?
Michael Bayley: Hi, David, it's Michael. I think the beauty of global infrastructure is we can switch on and off demand with relevant pricing relatively easy. We did expect some volatility and softness in the U.K. market this year. It's because of Brexit and we assumed there may be some volatility in Europe. But Europe's doing exactly what we needed to do this year and we're fortunate that the demand from the North American markets has been particularly strong. And we also have good demand for our European products from Asia Pacific as well. So it's a mix. I think that we are lucky that we do have this global structure and we go through careful planning in terms of the year before in trying to guestimate what's going to happen in each of these markets. And I think we've done a pretty good job this year in figuring out what's going to happen.
David Beckel: Great. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Michael Bayley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harry Curtis from Instinet. Your line is open.
Harry Curtis: Good morning and thank you. Just a quick follow up on that. Could you just touch on European demand for European product particularly for TUI?
Jason Liberty: Yes so I'll comment specifically on TUI. I think as – obviously, we saw strength in the first quarter from our joint ventures and our largest joint venture is TUI. So hopefully that can provide you some kind of insight in terms of how TUI is trading. I think as Michael said, we expected there be some a bit softness as it relates to the U.K. It's not a volume. It's just more we're seeing better demand from other markets. And of course, when we see that, we're going to look to grab that demand and optimize our yields. And when you look at the other markets, northern markets in Europe are a little bit stronger than the southern markets. And yes, I know there's been some talk around Germany, but overall as it relates to TUI cruises which is really more where we are that business continues to perform very well.
Harry Curtis: And we're also picking up positive commentary on at least the very early stages of bookings for 2020. Can you give us some color on that please?
Jason Liberty: Yes it's definitely too early to start to comment on 2020. We're obviously seeing very strong demand trends that are accelerating our yield outlook for the -- for this year and we will comment on 2020 as we start to get to the back half of this year.
Harry Curtis: Okay. Well I'll try a different one than. It didn't look like you used any cash to repurchase stock, but you should generate some free cash flow this year. What you're thinking around that of these prices?
Jason Liberty: Okay. It's a different approach, but it's -- so as we've said for some time I mean our North Star here is looking at more investment grade credit metrics so it means maintaining between three and 3.5 times. We get closer to the lower end of those metrics as we get to the back half of this year. And as we've said for a long time that we very much believe in returning capital to our shareholders and improving shareholder returns. But as it relates to share repurchase, we do that opportunistically and we will certainly be looking at that in the back half of the year.
Harry Curtis: Okay. Its pretty good, thank you.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Harry.
Operator: And thank you very much. Our next question comes from James Hardiman from Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
James Hardiman: Hey, good morning. Couple for me. So I apologize if you already answered this. I don't think you did, but the non-organic stuff, the CocoCay, the new Cruise Terminal Silversea, you're now saying that's a 400 basis point benefit to the yield guide. I think that was previously 350 basis points. Really impressive after just one quarter. I guess what drove that specifically between the three major initiatives there?
Jason Liberty: Yes, well the 400 is really just relating to the second quarter, which we have not provided any guidance for. We still expect about 350 basis points in our yield guide for the full year.
James Hardiman: Okay. That's helpful. And then sort of following up on the Europe question. You’ve now had a few weeks at least since that deadline was delayed about six months, and we've heard some commentary that maybe that should help -- maybe just a slicing things little bit too thin for you. But can you speak to whether or not the demand in the UK, which you called out as being fairly weak earlier in the year, is that getting any better given that we've got at least a short-term for you?
Michael Bayley: Hi, James, it's Michael. I think we commented earlier that we expected some softness or some volatility in the UK market, and we kind of planned for that. Interestingly, what we have seen is fairly good demand for products outside of Europe. So we've seen an uptick out of the UK market for products in the Caribbean and for Asia-Pacific coming out of the UK market. And I think that's happening generally out of the UK market. But -- and for our ex-UK products, demand has continued to be pretty robust. It's the UK gas booking product in the Mediterranean that's probably the most, I would say, volatile. And I think that's based upon anxiety of how exactly the visa issue is going to be resolved. But it's all of course, as we all know, it's an incredibly uncertain. And I think that's what's creating that uncertainty with the customer in terms of booking those products. But the other products are doing quite well.
James Hardiman : And then, lastly for me -- go ahead.
Jason Liberty: No, no James, I was just going to add to -- just keep in mind that if that decision was taken pretty late in the booking cycle for that consumer for the Med.
James Hardiman: Okay. That's helpful. And then just the last market, I want to touch on Alaska. There's been a lot of hindering about what's going on there given higher capacity this year. Sounds like, it's going pretty well for you guys specifically, but maybe talk about the health of pricing in the Alaska market. Are the ships that have been there a while able to absorb sort of the increased capacity without taking too much of a hit on the pricing front?
Michael Bayley: James, it's Michael. I think we're kind of pleased with Alaska. I mean we -- I think as Jason mentioned earlier, we increased our capacity in the Alaska market by quite a lot this year. Ovation of the Seas is the largest newest ship to go into the Alaska market. Celebrity Edge is the second Celsius class ship. Our capacity was up in the high-double-digits. I think it was something like 24%, 25% increase in capacity. It's only about 5% of our total capacity for the whole business, and of course, it's the highest yielding geographical market that we have. So, we've added quite a lot of capacity. We're doing very well in the market, and we're pleased with our results there. I think maybe other brands and products are having a struggle, but we're feeling pretty good about where we are.
James Hardiman: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jaime Katz from Morningstar. Your line is open.
Jaime Katz: I'm curious if you would like to comment on the expansion of the distribution channels in China that was mentioned. I'm curious mostly, how that's changed maybe over the last year, and how you sort of envision that changing in the year ahead to help sort of fortify the brand locally?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Jamie, it's Michael. We're feeling again pretty good about the journey that we're on with the distribution in China. I'm not going to comment specifically about percentage changes that we've achieved over the past couple of years. We decided, I think it was three years ago we set the course to change the model in terms of distribution, but also product and itinerary lanes. And we set ourselves internal targets to ensure that we were on the right track, and we've met or exceeded those targets each year for the past three years. And we feel like we're really in a good place in terms of where we want to go. Obviously the fact that we've brought -- we're bringing Spectrum of the Seas our newest and latest Quantum Ultra ship into the China market I think really supports the decisions that we've made previously. And Spectrums, it's a lot of anticipation and excitement in the China market for the arrival of Spectrum and the bookings are in a really good place.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then, I know it's small, but there's this minority interest that's sort of flowing through now, and I'm curious what the right way to think about the cadence of that is going forward? Because we don't really have any frame of reference historically.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Hi. I think you are talking about the non-controlling interests?
Jaime Katz: Right.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. So, it really just relates to the one-third interest that we don't have, because we consolidate Silversea. That flows through our P&L. It would be 100%, and then the non-controlling interest gets back down for the one-third. And so, it is going to be difficult to model, I can see externally this year. But it should be a relatively small amount in each quarter that impacts us as we built this overseas business up.
Jaime Katz: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Conder from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Tim Conder: Thank you, and congrats, first of all, for a good start of the year, gentleman. On 2020, Jason, I wanted to circle back to that. I know you said it's early and you give more color. But during your earlier comments about there's an ongoing debate as which it should be as to how much bookings you want to take on and the trade-off versus given that price. So can you say at this point for 2020 how you're booked and pricing trends relative to looking into 2019 at this point last year? Just any color there. And maybe flush through a little bit more, should we anticipate the booking curve to continue to expand as part of that debate or not?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Well, another good attempt, Tim. I could say, but I won't. It is very early on. Obviously, we're in a very good booking environment. But I'm not going to comment or we're not going to comment on the book position for 2020. We're -- we've obviously seen very good trends into this year that would result on those raisings our yield guidance, but it is way too early to start to comment on the outlook or to give you even a book position that may or may not provide you the proper realities of what the future looks like.
Richard Fain: Tim, I think we should maybe reemphasize. The comment that we made about booking wasn't anything to do with the world as we're seeing it today. It's a point that we've made before which is that we think that there may be too much focus on this statistics that we are ahead on bookings in both volume and price, because we actually drive some of that. And also if we just change the way our itineraries work. So, if we shifted in one year -- and I'm not saying we're doing that -- but if we have one year where we had much more shorter cruises we would expect to have less other books at a lower prices and conversely if we had a year where we had less -- more long-term bookings you would expect that statistic to go up. And so, I think our concern is that people may be putting too much emphasis on that. And I hate to put cold water on our ability to forecast, but a couple of years ago in one of our calls I actually made the point that I thought that we have reached a peak and that we probably wouldn't want to increase the amount of early bookings that we took and in fact, our revenue manager said no actually given the circumstances we've got to go even higher. So, my prediction there wasn't very, very accurate. So, I think we were -- we were really making a generic comment. And we really, I want to emphasize, are not trying to make any comment about 2020 or 2021.
Tim Conder: Okay. Okay. No, no, helpful. And then on the higher cost guide, Jason, you said the majority of that was Oasis. Was that virtually all of it? Or are you maybe seeing some opportunities for the long-term and tweaking up some spending for other items?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. I mean, the vast majority of it was either Oasis relating to the APCDs or so on the repair cost. There are some other small related investments like in technology and so forth that we're making, but not large sums of money.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then lastly just a clarification on the U.K., in particular. You mentioned that soft on a relative basis on the one hand, but I guess in an absolute basis, are U.K. yields up or down just to be direct with it?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. We don't guide by market, but I -- or provide yield by market. But what I would say is that -- I think a better word is that it's -- the U.K. is softer than North America and then North America is stronger than -- our systems and tools and how we do things means, we're going to source more guests out of North America. As Michael said this is -- based off of what we had been seeing for sometime, we expect a less sourcing to take place out of the U.K. because of the strengths we saw in the other markets. But I wouldn't read into it too deeply that there is a major issue in the U.K. It's more of that we have seen stronger demand trends from other markets.
Tim Conder: Helpful. Thank you very much, gentlemen.
Jason Liberty: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thanks for taking the question. One of the big changes over the past few years seems to have been your ability to hold on to pricing premiums on new ships passed kind of year one to two. Is that all coming from existing customers? Or are you also able to continue to drive new-to-cruise the new customers on those ships relative to the years passed?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Stephen, this is Michael. I think we stated a few years ago one of our key areas of focus was on new-to-cruise in particularly in market like the United States we've been quite focused on growing our new-to-cruise segment. We have changed some of our strategy so everything that we've done with the short product where we took the Voyager class ships and put them through role amplified and then place them into the short product with Perfect Day CocoCay has really stimulated that new-to-cruise segment. So that's part of it. Our loyalty customers continue to grow. They like the brands and they enjoy what we provide. I think the new ships, we've been very focused on not only the continuation of kind of on innovation in bringing new products and services to our guests. But we've done a lot more analytics on, really trying to understand what's going to attract those customers and bring them back and also be able to maintain higher yields.
A – Jason Liberty: Just to add to it as well, I'd keep in mind, these ships are having much richer mix of inventory than numerous ships. They also have many more onboard revenue venues. And I think it's also one of the things that's different about them maybe versus some of our ships or legacy ships is that, they source very well globally. So there's a lot of new-to-cruise, but a lot of that is not just coming from a single market, it's coming from many different markets.
Q – Stephen Grambling: Maybe a quick follow up. On the existing customer base, would you attribute some of the ongoing strength in that customer base, not only to the new product that you have, but also it sounds like, I don't want to put words into your month, but the way that you engage with those customers going forward whether that's using technology or being more direct to the consumer?
A – Michael Bayley: I think it's a combination. I mean one of the key metrics that we look at we're focused on and we drive towards of course is the net promoter score. And if you look at the -- all of our brands, performance over the last few years, we've seen a steady increase in the satisfaction levels from our guests. And I think that comes through on all of the things that you mentioned plus, plus, plus. I mean, I think, across the entire organization, we are focused on delivering great vacations and we're seeing that coming through with demand. And that demand allows us to maintain pricing premiums.
A – Jason Liberty: Yes I would just add I think it's -- you had mentioned Stephen about direct. I don't think it's about direct. I mean we really are a channel of choice. But I think that the technology that we're employing, I think the work we're doing around data and the consumer insights that come out of that are really yielding a better engagement with the consumer, a better understanding for the consumer is looking for in the product which is really led to a lot of our modernization of our ships and the basis of our new ships. And it is also why we're very focused on the destination experience. So I think it's a combination of all those things to make sure that we are providing a relevant product that -- or products that our consumers are very attracted to and are willing to pay for.
Q – Stephen Grambling: Thanks so much.
A – Jason Liberty: Okay, do we have time for one more question?
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Brandt Montour from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Q – Brandt Montour: Great, good morning, thanks, for taking my question. Just hoping for a little clarification on CocoCay. So the 350 basis points from the non-core which includes that is unchanged since last quarter, so just wondering if you could help us understand what's changed in the guidance at this point for CocoCay since then? And kind of given what you guys has said pre-cruise onboard sales continued to come in so well?
A – Jason Liberty: Yes so as it relates to -- again the items that we had kind of called out of the Perfect Day and for the Miami and Silversea, on the Perfect Day side that is really relating to the onboard or really the onshore dollars. So in our 75 basis points increase in our yields or that we've provided that's really -- included in that is yield improvement that we have seen or salvation of yield improvement we have seen for the ships that are going to Perfect Day. But that's just a component of that. The pre-cruise sales we're seeing in general are accelerating and the different experiential things on the ships are also very much a part of that as well as the great demand we're seeing from our other brands and other markets around the world.
Q – Brandt Montour: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then on the fuel, just given fuel prices there are even more topical. You hedged more next year at this point than you were at this time last year, but that number is essentially unchanged this last quarter. So I just kind of, if you could give us an update on the strategy given what's happening to oil prices?
A – Jason Liberty: Well we have a very consistent hedging program. We're typically 40% to 60% hedged 12 to 24 months out. So it's not a reflection of how we maybe feel in the moment about fuel prices. But one thing I would say about if you look at our fuel hedging into the future it is more -- it's indexed more towards MGO than it is to IFO and so I would give you those characteristics of the hedged profile going forward.
Q – Brandt Montour: Got it, thanks a lot guys, great quarter.
Jason Liberty: Great. Okay thank you for your assistance Cheryl today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow-ups you might have and we wish you all a very good day.
Operator: Thank you very much ladies and gentleman for joining us today. This concludes our conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is James, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I'd now like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I'd like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency-adjusted basis. Richard will begin with some color on last year and this year. Then I will go through a bit more detail on the figures followed by a Q&A session. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thanks, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to have the opportunity to share more about our 2018 results and our outlook for the coming year. By any measure, 2018 was an unusually busy and successful year. Our teams achieved record financial results, while introducing four new vessels, acquiring a controlling interest in Silversea's cruises, opening two stunning cruise terminals and implementing Excalibur on about half of our fleet. On the financial front, the simple point is that strong fundamentals are driving strong results. In 2018, we achieved net income of $1.9 billion, with earnings per share growth of 18%. Moreover, our EPS growth would have approached 25% had foreign exchange and fuel rates remained neutral during the year. This outcome should encourage those who watch on the sidelines concerned about weather, politics, trade wars, supplies, whatever. These strong fundamentals should not be a surprise as we have been very vocal about 2 important and positive consumer trends. First, the trend in favor of experiences over material possessions; and second, the favorable demographic shifts. We've been talking for a long time about how people have shifted their focus from buying TVs, cars, et cetera to buying memories or experiences. And that shift has become so powerful that I think it's now obvious to everybody. At the same time, the demographic makeup of our population keeps shifting in our direction. These two trends have become increasingly powerful, and our company and our brands are well positioned to benefit from these trends. Obviously, no trend is perfectly linear and no trajectory goes forever without interruption, but our direction and our overall progress appears inexorable. Now, our strong position rests on several pillars. The first is our product, where we have stunning hardware that appeals to the market, overindexes on guest satisfaction and delivers superior profit. The second pillar is technology. As you all know, we are seriously invested in data analytics and in digitizing the guest and crew experience. We believe that the opportunity for growth is strong, but we also believe that the speed with which we need to adapt and evolve continues to accelerate. Several years ago, as I believe all of you know, when we initiated our Double-Double Program, we emphasized that our objective was not just to improve 2017 profitability. We emphasized then that 2017 was a steppingstone. We wanted to build a base and to solidify a culture that would serve as a springboard going forward. I believe our 2018 results demonstrate unambiguously that our objective was realistic. As we now work to execute on our 20/20 Vision program, I'm looking forward to achieving the same kind of positive momentum. These 2 programs also demonstrate the importance of planting seeds. Ours is a long-term business, and we deem to invest for the future, whether that is new ships, new digital systems or new private destinations. We are reaping the benefits of past investments today, and we will reap the benefits of current investments tomorrow. Looking forward, we are starting 2019 with some very good cards. Among them is the first full year of operation from Symphony of the Seas, Azamara Pursuit, Celebrity Edge and New Mein Schiff 1 as well as the delivery in 2019 of Celebrity Flora and Spectrum of the Seas. All of these new vessels carry significant premiums and help position 2019 for success. Happily, the record-breaking start to WAVE validates our confidence. And with WAVE off to a wonderful start, our already good book position continues to strengthen. Bookings have been at higher levels than last year, and in fact, we received more bookings during the first week of WAVE than we have in any other week in our history, except for the second week in WAVE, which was even better. So we are very happy about how the year is shaping up. Despite all the noise in the economy and the volatility of the stock market, we have been impressed with consistent strength in demand from our markets. Actually, in preparing for this morning's call, I looked at how good our guidance has been in the past. As you can see in Slide 2, during the past 5 years, we have consistently delivered or overdelivered on both yield and adjusted EPS guidance. I doubt that many other companies or industries have such a remarkable track record. I'm always impressed by how accurate our revenue management team has been. Of course, the future is always uncertain, but they have demonstrated an impressive ability in the past. And as you also well know, in past years, we have experienced all types of fears and challenges from the Zika virus and global tourism in 2015, to questions about China supply in 2016, weather threats and capacity in 2017, global macro concerns in 2018, et cetera. Yet during all these periods, we were able to generate record revenue, record operating income and record earnings per share. Amongst the exciting things ahead of us this year, we are getting ready for the deliveries of Celebrity Flora and Spectrum of the Seas and Royal Caribbean International's Perfect Day project, which comes on stream in May. The island development will really shake up the short-term cruise market, and I am confident that our guests will love it. Now before I turn the call back to Jason, I would like to again express my admiration and my thanks for the amazing people at Royal Caribbean, whose passion and skills enable us to grow and prosper. With that, I turn it back to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. I'll begin by taking you through our results for the fourth quarter of 2018. These results are summarized on Slide 3. For the quarter, we generated adjusted net income of $1.53 per share, beating the midpoint of our guidance by $0.06. Better-than-expected revenue and cost performance from our brands combined with better performance from our joint ventures more than offset a $0.04 headwind from currency and fuel. Net revenue yields are up 6.8% for the quarter, which was slightly above the midpoint of our guidance. On the cost side, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, per APCD were up 5.1%, better than guidance driven mainly by timing. I will now discuss our full year results, which we have summarized on Slide 4. By all accounts, 2018 was another year of very strong performance. We generated approximately $1.9 billion in adjusted net income, resulting in an earnings per share of $8.86. This was $0.06 higher than the midpoint of our previous guidance and was up 17.5% year-over-year. This result also beat the midpoint of the January guidance by $0.21, despite the unfavorable impact from currency and fuel, which negatively affected earnings by approximately $123 million or $0.58 per share. Our leading brands supported this strong financial performance with net promoter scores at all-time highs and record employee engagement metrics. To summarize the revenue performance for the year, yields were up by 4.4%. Strong demand from our core products from our key markets, better onboard experiential spend and the addition of Silversea drove the year-over-year outperformance. On the cost side, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, were up 4.1%. The main drivers behind the year-over-year increase were more drydock days, the lapping of hardware changes, investments in technology and the consolidation of Silversea's operations. Now I'll update you on what we are seeing in the demand environment. Over the past three months, bookings have been higher than same time last year, the positive variance growing further as we entered the all-important WAVE season. In fact, 2 out of the past 3 weeks have been record booking weeks for the company. These strong booking trends have further strengthened our overall book position, and 2019 is at a record high in both rate and volume. We've been particularly pleased with the trends we are seeing in North America. While the bookings from North American guests have been strong for sailings on both sides of the Atlantic, our Caribbean sailings are in particularly strong book position with rate and volume up in all 4 quarters. We have superior hardware in the Caribbean throughout the year, and the addition of Perfect Day to our portfolio has further improved our offering. The summer Europe season is also shaping up well with Celebrity Edge garnering significant price premiums in the Mediterranean, and the rest of the fleet is also in a good book position. Uncertainty surrounding Brexit has created some inconsistencies in demand from the U.K., however, our global footprint means that booking strength from North America and other key markets is more than compensating. Our Asia Pacific sailings have also been trending well. China continues to be an important market for us, and we saw significant yield growth for the product throughout 2018. 2019 China sailings are booked ahead of same time last year. Over 0.5 million Chinese guests sail with us each year, mostly on sailings from China. However, we are seeing a significant growth in outbound travel with 75% more Chinese guests on a non-China itinerary in 2019 when compared to just 3 years ago. Cruises in Europe and Alaska have seen the number of Chinese guests more than double. Now I'll give you a brief overview of our capacity and deployment changes for 2019. Our overall capacity will increase 8.6% year-over-year with the addition of Silversea contributing just over 2% of the growth and the rest driven by our stunning new ships. The bulk of our capacity growth will occur in the Caribbean with Symphony of the Seas sailing year around from Miami and a full year of sailings on two modernized ships, Mariner of the Seas and Navigator of the Seas. In total, just over half of our capacity will be in the Caribbean. While our European capacity will be similar to 2018, we have made a few changes to our deployment in the region. Most notable is the addition of Celebrity Edge, which will be sailing 7- to 11-night Mediterranean itineraries from both Barcelona and Rome. Europe will account for 16% of our capacity this year. The Asia Pacific region will account for 15% of our 2019 capacity with sailings in China, Australia and Southeast Asia. China remains a core region for the Royal Caribbean brand with Spectrum of the Seas arriving to join her sister ship Quantum of the Seas in early June. Alaska only accounts for 5% of our full year capacity, but is a key high-yielding product for us in the summer. This year, we are improving our hardware in the region with larger, newer ships for Royal Caribbean, Celebrity and Silversea along with Azamara's first-ever Alaska season. With 2018 now in the rearview mirror, we have entered what is arguably the busiest and most exciting year in our history. Firstly, 2019 will be our first full year with Silversea. Secondly, we will be welcoming Spectrum of the Seas in the spring and Celebrity Flora in the summer, while also enjoying the first full year of sailings for Celebrity Edge, Symphony of the Seas and Azamara Pursuit. And finally, we have two exciting land-based initiatives coming to fruition. We are now welcoming guests at our own new terminal here at Port of Miami. And in May of 2019, we will launch Perfect Day at CocoCay, where our guests will experience stunning amenities like the tallest waterslide in North America. As I mentioned in October, the additions of Silversea, the terminal in Miami and Perfect Day each increased both our cost and yield metrics in 2019. To provide transparency, I'll share our year-over-year yield and cost guidance both including and excluding these items. These items combined with the timing of new ship deliveries mean that there are a lot of contributing factors to the cadence of our yield and capacity changes throughout the year. In some years, we see a lot of variability in yield growth from one quarter to the next, whereas, in 2019, we expect more moderate differences. The majority of our capacity growth will occur in the first half of the year, which is the period where we have the greatest visibility. This position and the level of visibility we have further bolsters our confidence in our yield guidance. Taking all this into account, if you turn to Slide 5, you will see our guidance for 2019. Our yield outlook for 2019 is quite encouraging. We expect net revenue yields to grow 6.5% to 8.5% for the full year, which makes 2019 our 10th consecutive year of yield growth. This metric includes approximately 350 basis points from the operation of Silversea, the cruise terminal in Miami and the Perfect Day development. When excluding these important elements, the underlying yield improvement is driven by strong demand for our core products, new hardware and continued growth from onboard revenue areas. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up 8.5% to 9% for the full year. Cost control continues to be a strong focus of ours. However, this metric includes 650 basis points from the operation of Silversea, the cruise terminal in Miami and the Perfect Day development. As we have shared with you before, we strongly believe that these projects accelerate our competitive differentiation and advantage as well as deliver strong returns. Our depreciation for the year is growing faster in 2019 than in previous periods. As a reminder, our investments in technology projects like Excalibur are becoming a larger mix of our capital program and generally have a shorter useful life than our typical capital investments. Moreover, the addition of Silversea is also contributing to the elevated growth rate. As previously discussed, being in the luxury and expedition segment, Silversea's depreciation per berth is significantly higher than our corporate average. We have included $690 million of fuel expense for the year, and we are 58% hedged. Based on current fuel prices, currency exchange and interest rates, we expect another record-breaking year with earnings per share between $9.75 and $10 per share and therefore another year of double-digit EPS growth. Now I'd like to walk you through our first quarter guidance on Slide 6. Net revenue yields are expected to be up in the range of 7.5% to 8%. This metric includes approximately 375 basis points from the operation of Silversea and the cruise terminal in Miami. As it relates to the core operation, first quarter yield will benefit from the addition of Celebrity Edge, Symphony of the Seas in the Caribbean and improvements in yields for core products. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up approximately 10% for the quarter. This metric includes approximately 800 basis points from the operations of Silversea, the cruise terminal in Miami and the start of operations of Perfect Day at CocoCay. As it relates to the core operation, the year-over-year increase is mainly driven by the timing and scope of drydocks, related to our ship modernization programs and some shifts in costs from the previous quarter. Taking all of this into account, we expect adjusted earnings to be approximately $1.10 per share. With that, I ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley: Obviously, with these results, you're not giving us a lot to worry about, but maybe I could ask you two things in terms of your booking outlook. One is just, with the increase in supply in Alaska and the market in general, I mean, is it fair to say with the kind of yield guidance you're giving, I assume you're seeing increases in yield in all of your major markets? And then I was also going to ask you about other European sourcing. You mentioned that there's a little bit of inconsistent demand in the U.K. I wonder if you have comment on other Europe and even just sort of quantifying. I think U.K. is your biggest European market and don't actually have that much exposure to other Europe, but any comments there?
Michael Bayley: It's Michael. Alaska is and has always been a great market for us. It's a high-yielding market, and it performed exceptionally well last year, and it's looking good for this year as well. So we are quite pleased with how Alaska is shaping up. With European sourcing, I think Jason had mentioned earlier that we have the benefit of really a significant global international structure and that really does allow us to balance any geopolitical issues in any one particular market. So I think we're kind of aware that there would be some volatility in the U.K. market with Brexit, and we planned accordingly, and we are hoping we'll move through it quite quickly, but our sourcing has been good out of all of the other international markets. And including the North American market as well by the way, which has been particularly strong.
Robin Farley: So actually outside of the U.K., there is nothing you'd call out in terms of softness in demand?
Michael Bayley: No. I think it's a U.K. story. I was there last week and watched the news pretty much every night, and there is a huge debate raging. Nobody knows what's going to happen. There is quite a lot of sentiment, and I think that's almost inevitable. So I guess, when March passes, hopefully we'll all be in a better position and know what's going to happen.
Jason Liberty: And Robin, just to add, just one comment on the U.K. side. I'd mentioned that we've seen volatility. So we have seen volatility, but all in all, it's also been still a very good and strong market for us and the bookings have come in quite well. There's just been more volatility in that market around the new cycle.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski from Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski: I guess, the first question is around your guidance. And Jason, you've always kind of talked about that 2% to 4% core yield growth as being a pretty good barometer for the business. But obviously, if we strip out Silversea and all the other stuff you guys have this year going on, you're essentially guiding to us 3% to 5% kind of core yield. So I guess, the question is, what gives you so much confidence in that range? And as we move forward, is that 2% to 4% range still the right way to think about the business? And I guess, another way to ask this is, if we stripped out your new hardware, whether it's Edge or Spectrum, would your like-for-like hardware still be trending better than what you would have thought maybe six months ago, if that makes sense?
Jason Liberty: Sure. Well, firstly, thank you for the nice comment on the '18 results. We're obviously quite happy about it. So one, just talking a little bit about our guide -- first in terms of our philosophy on guidance, nothing has changed here. And again, I would really point to the chart that Richard was commenting on that we put up on the slide in terms of our consistency to forecast our yield and our earnings. But there's lots been going that bring us confidence into that number. So one, this hasn't happened overnight. We've been building this book of business for quite a long period of time. As I commented on, we are in a very strong book position on both a rate and volume basis, and that continues on for several quarters here into the future. The other thing which I'll comment on is that most of our capacity growth for the year is really in the first half of the year. And so that is where we have the greatest visibility in both how we're booking and the amount we have on our books, which further bolsters our confidence into our outlook for the year. That yield growth is not just coming from new hardware. A portion of it is coming from new hardware, but really what's balancing out that, as you commented, 3% to 5% or approximately 4% is really being driven by the improvement in the like-for-like business. So I think when you kind of combine all that together, there is a lot that makes us feel very confident for the year based off of everything that we know today. As it relates to the 2% and 4%, I think really it's -- that's kind of how we've trended over the past several years, which is why that range has kind of been out there. The past couple of years, we've obviously been on the higher end of that range going forward. But we think that moderate yield growth, good cost control and being thoughtful in our investments improve our earnings per share at a very healthy rate and also improves our return on invested capital.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. That's great color. And then second question would be on the cost side. And again, if we strip out Silversea, CocoCay, all that stuff, you guys are forecasting kind of that core cost to be up 2% to 3%, which is probably a little bit higher, I think, than what some folks might have expected. And I guess, some of that bump there is kind of more drydock related and probably some technology as well. But I guess, the question is, without that drydock impact and without the technology component, do you still see the business being able to keep that cost pressure relatively low?
Jason Liberty: Yes. So one, if you back out Silversea, the Port of Miami and CocoCay, our costs are approximately 2%. Certainly there are impacts from having more drydock days in 2019 than we have in 2018, but certainly investments in things like technology, data analytics, et cetera, are weighing more onto our costs, and that's because a lot of these investments or costs are not things that are being capitalized based off of how software providers are selling now into the market. But we do believe and we are very much committed to making sure that we are effectively managing our costs and trying to realize the scale that comes with the growth of our fleet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis from Instinet.
Harry Curtis: Jason, you referenced the revenue uplift from Excalibur on 50% of your fleet. Can you give us more detail on the extent of that revenue uplift? And can you share with us any -- are you -- do you have any data on kind of the return that you're getting on the investment that you have been making?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think I was talking about specifically on Excalibur, was just the additional cost that it brings. Certainly, as we're rolling Excalibur out, what we're definitely seeing that's very tangible is our net promoter scores, our guest satisfaction is rising quickly as we are very focused in delivering on, taking friction out of the guest experience. That, we believe, is what is leading to higher yields for us, and you'll also see coming online ways in which we think it will be much easier for the customer to be doing business with us, making it easier to buy things from us, especially when they are on the ship, pre-cruise as well as when they're on the ship, that we think is going to deliver a very solid return for Excalibur.
Harry Curtis: Just a follow up on that. Is there a noticeable difference in the revenue uplift from the vessels that had Excalibur versus those that don't in the fourth quarter?
Jason Liberty: We definitely -- well, it's not just the fourth quarter. We have been seeing -- there is a strong relationship to where guest satisfaction scores go up and people pay more both for their ticket as well as onboard. Certainly ships that we put Excalibur on, we are seeing those benefits.
Richard Fain: Harry, if I could just amplify on that. One of the things is, a lot of these initiatives, they're hard to single out. We are a brand, and all of these things add to the brand. Obviously, Excalibur is easier to put on the newer ships, for example, which would otherwise do better anyhow. And so I'm not sure that we are very good at isolating out this initiative on food or this initiative on entertainment or this initiative on technology has such an impact. We're looking at them all in a holistic way, and we think them taking together is what drives improved guest satisfaction, word of mouth, and essentially all of those things are part of a brand. But a brand is an amorphous construct, and it's a little difficult to isolate out on a specific one and say this drove X.
Harry Curtis: And while I've got you, I noticed that -- not noticed, but in the fourth quarter, you purchased more stock in Royal Caribbean. It would appear that the company didn't, and is that just a reflection of the impact of the Silversea acquisition on the balance sheet that you're more focused on your leverage ratio for the time being?
Richard Fain: Jason?
Jason Liberty: Yes. So I'll let Richard comment on his stock purchase, if he would like. But Harry, that's exactly right. I mean, as we had commented before on the last call that the acquisition of Silversea did stress our credit metrics. We are focused on being an investment-grade credit. We are an investment-grade credit, and there are certain metrics, especially debt to EBITDA, that we focus on looking to maintain, which when you make an investment like Silversea can weigh on that a little bit, but as we burn off on some of that debt and our EBITDA gets better here in the short run, there certainly is opportunity to maintain that leverage and provide opportunity in an opportunistic way to buy back shares.
Harry Curtis: Probably more in the second half?
Jason Liberty: There is definitely more headroom in the second half of the year than there is in the first half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian from Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: So can you just help me understand the 350 basis point impact that [Technical Difficulty] for 2019 in terms of Silversea, the terminal and the water park? How would you break that out between the 3 components? And I guess, I'm a little bit surprised that the contribution isn't higher for one because I think Silversea contributed about 350 basis points by itself to the fourth quarter with only 2 of the 3 months in the quarter. I know there is some seasonality to it, but can you just help me understand the thought there a little bit better?
Jason Liberty: So first, just on the seasonality side, what we brought into the fourth quarter were 2 of the probably 4 most highest yielding months for Silversea, especially with August being in that consideration. So that's why it's a little bit more elevated in terms of the impact on the fourth quarter versus the 350 for the full year. I won't sparse out exactly what each one of these things as it relates to our Port of Miami and Perfect Day and Silversea is. Obviously, the vast majority of it is Silversea. What I would say is that the Port of Miami has come online, is doing exceptionally well, the volumes there are building as we will be adding more and more ships to that terminal over time. And obviously, we talked about CocoCay coming online -- or Perfect Day CocoCay, I want to make sure we get the marketing right, coming online in May, and that will ramp up not just in terms of the amenities that we will be offering, but also the number of ships and the volumes of guests that we bring there will be ramping up over time as well.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. And Jason, I'm going to be really shortsighted here for a second, and I know everything sounds really positive, but I think just given some of the macro concerns, it's relevant. You talked about how 2 of the last 3 weeks were record booking weeks, which, I think, implies that the last most recent week may have decelerated some. Is that just normally a lighter week in WAVE? Or anything else that you'd call out or point to there?
Jason Liberty: Actually, all three weeks have been very well, have done exceptionally well. It just happens that 2 of the 3, and actually, I think it was the first and the third week were better than the second week. So it's -- I won't read into it that it was the first two. It was actually the first and it was the third. And even if we looked at the second one, it was very close to records that we have seen in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: I just wanted to kind of continue some of the thought that Steve had earlier in the call, just on costs and you explained why you're looking at 2% this year. I'm just trying to understand if we should think about in the kind of medium term if that's the new norm or so, like as we are thinking about our 20/20 model, should we be starting at a base kind of cost of 2%? Or are your investments going to be tailing off by then?
Jason Liberty: Well, I wouldn't -- I'm not quite sure what to say would be the new normal, but this year they are approximately 2%. What I will tell you is that we are committed to managing effectively our costs. We're always highly focused on it, but of course, there are investments that we're making in some things that pressure some of the optics of our metrics like the Perfect Days of the world that have revenues and costs, but don't necessarily have APCDs associated with them that can elevate that metric a little bit. But I won't give you a specific number just to -- hopefully everybody knows that we continue to be very focused on it.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then I know you don't want to kind of break out these different buckets of your, kind of, the new aspects or the new drivers on your yield. But can you just -- we get this question a lot and I'm sure you do too. Can you just kind of help us think about Perfect Day. I know a lot of folks are trying to model it. So maybe kind of give us some parameters, number of passengers that might be coming a year, utilization, pricing, just anything that you can help us with our modeling there?
Michael Bayley: Felicia, it's Michael. Yes, I think when you look at the total portfolio for Royal Caribbean Cruises, I think over 50% of our total capacity is in the Caribbean. When you look at Royal Caribbean International, we have, I think, 13 ships operating in the Caribbean during the year. And then when you look at the deployment of those ships to Perfect Day in 2019, I believe that 10 of the 13 ships are calling into Perfect Day. Our projections are that by 2020, so next year, we will be taking just shy of 2 million guests a year to Perfect Day. So -- and certainly what we've seen in our bookings, not only in the Caribbean, but particularly for those ships that are scheduled to go to Perfect Day has been really quite positive, and we haven't officially opened it yet. So I hope that gives some context and paints a clearer picture for you. And then of course, the other element is the sales associated with the experience in Perfect Day, and we've seen our sales of activities and experiences really take off on our pre-cruise sales for the experience. So we're up by a factor of close to 9, I think, for our Perfect Day sales.
Richard Fain: Felicia, if I can -- it's Richard, and if I could just add something to try and address your question. When we identify the costs that we've said are associated with Perfect Day and the revenue and we've adjusted our cost, our yield and expense metrics to take that into account, we've only isolated out the actual costs in the -- on -- that are directly related to CocoCay and the revenues that occur on CocoCay. But one of the impacts of doing an initiative like that is that it improves the ticket revenue, and we can't and we don't isolate that out separately. And it's obviously very hard to measure. And that's actually part of what you see going on. We have a lot of things that we think are helping us on the revenue side that we aren't quantifying. We've really isolated these 3 things, Silversea's, Terminal A and Perfect Day, but there are actually others, and it's a little hard to isolate those out. But as Michael said, and he has said even more emphatically on previous calls, we really think Perfect Day is a game changer for us and quite exciting, but it's in more ways than just appear when you isolate it out as a separate expense and a separate revenue.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then Jason, on Silversea, I know most of the synergies are going to come next year when you can refinance the debt, but have you been able to generate any kind of or do you expect to generate any kind of cost synergies in '19? And then also on the earnings side, when we have time after the call, I'm sure we can sit down and calculate this, but maybe you can help, was there -- what was the impact to EPS? Was it neutral or dilutive?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. So one, at the same time that we had announced the Silversea deal, we said it was going to take a few years. A lot of that is tied to the financing for it to be accretive to our overall business. So I won't be specific in terms of the amount because it's really immaterial to our bottom line. The cost synergy effort or just synergies in general are going exceptionally well. The Silversea team is very engaged and very focused on growing the business and making the business as efficient and profitable as it can be. We are, I would say, a little bit ahead of schedule on the cost synergy side, and we do have some of the cost synergies accounted for within our guidance for this year.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then just last question, just more housekeeping, but -- and maybe this is an impact of Silversea. We're just looking at your fuel consumption versus your capacity growth, and typically your fuel consumption is below your capacity growth, excluding some quarters where seasonality might reverse that. But now your guidance implies fuel consumption above capacity growth. So I'm just wondering if Silversea is driving that?
Jason Liberty: Yes. That's exactly right. Those ships are not as fuel-efficient or really not even close to being as fuel-efficient as our overall fleet. And obviously, they don't benefit from scale as those ships are sailing with passengers between 100 and 600 passengers on them. So that's what's driving the consumption differential.
Felicia Hendrix: Do we see going forward, is there a rule of thumb that we should use or we just use the pattern that we're seeing this year?
Jason Liberty: Yes. I think once we get through this year, and obviously we're also very focused as part of the synergies on trying to employ many of the energy-saving initiatives that we have done on our existing fleet, trying to get some of those opportunities onto the Silversea fleet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian from Citi.
Gregory Badishkanian: Great. Just for my first question, just to do with the strength of WAVE, any specific regions that really stood out? Is it just North America sourced? And also, just color on the year-over-year growth from pricing during WAVE? Is -- was the booking surprisingly positive? Or was it the pricing side that was more of a positive for you?
Jason Liberty: Yes. So first, on the WAVE side, I mean, the only market which we did -- we talked about that had a little bit more volatility to it has been the U.K. Outside of that, we have seen a lot of strength and both volume and benefits on the pricing side as well. So it's -- again, I mean, we're still in the early days of WAVE, but at least what we have seen over the past 3 to 4 weeks is a good news story on both the volume and pricing.
Gregory Badishkanian: Good. And then just China, I think you mentioned that bookings were up year-over-year for 2019. How do you think that market performs for you relative to your overall fleet? Is it going to outperform, in line?
Michael Bayley: It's going to outperform. This is Michael, Greg. We're pleased with China. We've had many conversations over China over time. We've been in the market for 10 years, and we continue development. And as Jason mentioned, '18 performance was significantly improved from '17 and '19 is in a really good book position, and we are feeling quite good about the dynamics there at the moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Beckel from Bernstein Research.
David Beckel: I'll take another stab at the additions of Silversea, CocoCay and Terminal A, if I could. I believe based on your guidance, the math implies all 3 of those will contribute about $15 million of EBITDAR. So first off, is that right? And second, if so, how should we think about how those investments will contribute in 2020? And is there any chance for upside in 2019, I think, as you may have alluded to before?
Jason Liberty: Yes. So as it relates to the EBITDA, the profitability of it, we are not guiding specifically on these items, but we were comfortable giving how it impacts our yield as well as our cost metrics. I think when you think about, as it goes into 2020, first off, we're into all of these investments for them to be accretive to our business and be high returning and certainly we expect in 2020 there to be more contribution from all 3. The Port of Miami because we'll have more volumes, as Michael commented. On CocoCay, we will have almost 2 million guests going through CocoCay in 2020, and there will be more and more amenities available to those guests on the island. And a lot of our synergies will be implemented through 2020 on Silversea, and Silversea will also take on a new ship in 2020, which will even improve further their scale of their business.
David Beckel: Great. And as a second question, a bit higher level. Looks like you stand a reasonably good chance of hitting double-digit EPS this year, which would be a year ahead of schedule relative to 20/20 Vision. So two quick questions, and please remind us, was the original guidance of double-digit EPS inclusive of a economic disturbance of a material sort? And the second, has the ROIC component of your Vision 20/20 tracked according to your expectations thus far?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. So first on the 20/20, we did say that we would reach double-digit growth. We didn't say exactly what that double-digit number would be, but as you commented on, we -- the higher end of our guidance is $10 per share, and we'll certainly work as hard as we can to do as well as we possibly can to reach high EPS growth. The ROIC number in general is on track. Obviously, our investment in Silversea weighs on that a little bit, but our other investments have really outperformed, which is allowing us to see our ROIC continue to move north. So I think that's kind of how we see things to continue to evolve. The one comment I would make, just to put something into context, if you look at 2019 and the guide that we've given, if we had the same FX and fuel rates at this time last year, that number would actually be about $0.40 higher than what we're guiding today. And so that is one factor that has changed for us, but trying to project what economic changes there might be going forward, that's not something that we do in our forecasting for the future.
David Beckel: And was the original EPS target inclusive of economic disturbances?
Jason Liberty: No. It was basically -- it was based off of moderate yield growth, good cost control and being measured in our capital investments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman from Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman: I wanted to circle back and maybe just get a little bit of a clarification on one of Steve's original questions. Obviously, the core yield guide to start the year is better than at least I can remember. Jason, you sounded pretty positive, and I think Richard has contributed to this as well on the like-for-like trend. I guess, my clarification is, is the like-for-like yield guidance once we, obviously, exclude Silversea and even the new hardware, is that better to start 2019 than it's been in previous years?
Jason Liberty: Sure. It is higher than what we have seen historically in the past on the like-for-like side. So if we look at just our -- the core, which we're calling out approximately 4%, more than half of that is coming from like-for-like growth and the balance of that is coming from the new hardware.
James Hardiman: Got it. That's really helpful and really encouraging. And then just a housekeeping question for me, maybe save Carola some phone calls here. Can you give us the quarterly capacity numbers? And is there any way to give us the nonorganic contribution stuff, the yield contributor, Silversea, CocoCay, Miami Port on a quarterly basis? Obviously, that's going to be a pretty big building block of how we build out our models. Is there any way to give us or at least directionally how to think about that over the course of the year?
Jason Liberty: Well, one, it is my job and life to make Carola's life easier. I want to make sure that she has a fruitful afternoon. So I'll leave her for more details, but certainly, as I said, most of our capacity growth for the year will take place in the first half of the year. And as I -- also as I commented, our yield or our cadence for our yield is pretty much the same within certain levels of moderation through the course of the year to consider.
James Hardiman: And that's on a total basis, it's a similar cadence, not on a organic or inorganic?
Jason Liberty: That's exactly right. On a total basis, it's the same. On a combined basis, on a gross basis, but also on the core, it's also has a similar cadence to it through the course of the year.
James Hardiman: Okay. And then just lastly, way too early question on 2020, but some of these nonorganic contributors, I would assume that Silversea is going to be a wash in terms of yields and costs. I'm guessing that the Miami terminal will as well, but should we also assume some sort of inflation from cost and also an addition to yields for Perfect Day, given the timing in 2019?
Jason Liberty: Well, I mean, it is -- as you said, it's early days to start thinking about 2020, but I would focus more on the port and CocoCay and even with Silversea. Silversea is going to grow next year. There is going to be more volume coming out of the terminal, and there is going to be more volume coming out of Perfect Day, all of which will have both yield and cost considerations to it in 2020.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Conder from Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder: I did want to follow up, drilling a little bit more here, maybe James was alluding to on 2020 a little bit and your implications for the current state of bookings also out of Europe. So it appears that Germany is okay, you only called out a little volatility from the U.K., but how are -- it's early obviously, but how are the bookings with the TUI JV out of the Germany. And then considering 2020 and some changes with ships coming in and out the TUI JV fleet, how should we think about the TUI JV contribution in '19 and then '20, just to make sure, as that's become a pretty significant and very nice JV operation obviously?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. So first just talking on the EU side, which also ties into your comment around Germany. First, on the U.K. piece, we really said that there's just been volatility, but that volatility has certainly stabilized and again the volatility typically happens around the new cycle in the U.K. Broader Europe has actually done quite well. Germany is doing well, typically TUI is also doing well. So we don't comment specifically on TUI's yield guidance or specifically to their profitability. The one thing I would say in '19 is that TUI does take on another ship, which is good for us as it relates to the income that we will get, the equity pickup we will get from TUI. So that will continue to expand our equity pickups. In 2020, they do not have a new ship and so some of that uplift that we've seen now for the past several years will be a little bit lighter. We're more driven off of the margins that they get off of their existing fleet for the next couple of years. And so that's how I would think about those two line items.
Timothy Conder: Okay. And then, Michael, China, Jason alluded to earlier that China was up in bookings, you responded to the previous question that it's positioned well. How is pricing at this point going year-over-year, if you can have any commentary on that? And then CocoCay, just maybe a little more Perfect Day, how are your bookings and maybe price uptake, so to speak, tracking at this point versus the expectations of what you guys have built into the budget?
Michael Bayley: So we're not going to go into specific details on price increases by products or market, but I can tell you that overall the China market, I think, I mentioned earlier, we've seen good improvement in '18 over '17, and we are seeing similar improvement now coming through into '19. Of course, we've got the addition of our newest ship, Spectrum of the Seas, that's going into the China market. So we're excited about that and the consumer seems to be excited about the introduction of that new product as well as our trade partners. So things are looking quite good in the China market. Of course, overall, there has been an industry capacity decrease of somewhere in the region of 15%, 20%. So China is in good shape, even though there is quite a lot of negativity in terms of the news that we hear with regards to the trade battle that's occurring, but the consumer seems to be quite confident, and things seem to be relatively good in China. In Perfect Day, I think we mentioned earlier that we've been very pleased with the demand that we've seen coming through on the products that have course into Perfect Day, and that's been a real positive driver of our Caribbean overall health in terms of bookings. And we've also seen really good uptake in terms of the pre-cruise sales of experiences and products on Perfect Day. So both of these really are quite positive.
Timothy Conder: And lastly, Jason, you had alluded to with Excalibur coming on and the trends that you're seeing there, if I remember right, at an Analyst Day, you talked about maybe an enhanced e-commerce engine being laid over top of that in the latter half of '19. Any additional color you can provide there?
Jason Liberty: Yes. So there is lots of elements and attributes that are being added onto the Excalibur platform. One of that will be for us to be able to be -- it will be easier for the customer as we are able to curate and have recommendation engines to allow our guests to more easily book things before they get onto the ship. And as we know in the past, if we can get the consumer to book ahead of the cruise, we also are able to get them to also spend when they're on the ship. So those capabilities will be coming online through the course of 2019, but I would expect more of a full year impact impacting us in 2020.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: I guess, two follow ups. First, I guess, coming at the Perfect Day, terminal and Silversea cost questions from a different angle, what percentage of the costs are onetime versus ongoing expenses? And then as you think about the ultimate ROI on Perfect Day, are there other opportunities or regions you've identified to develop something similar, or is it still early, that could further differentiate and strengthen the brand?
Jason Liberty: Yes. So as it relates to onetime, I think the only thing that I would call out, because there is nothing really relating to CocoCay or Perfect Day, that is onetime. As we announced many, many months ago when we bought Silversea, we announced Project Invictus, which was really to help modernize their ships. And so they do have more -- they had more drydock activity in the fourth quarter of '18 and of course since it's on a quarter lag, that is inflating our cost metric a little bit in the first quarter, which is why that's -- the highest cost quarter for us on a gross level. I would say that on the Perfect Day side, just to quickly comment, we will -- it is obviously a major focus of ours. We want to get this thing launched, understand how the consumer takes to that and then consider whether or not there are future opportunities for us to consider.
Stephen Grambling: Nice, helpful. And one other follow-up on China. Can you just give us any update on the efforts to kind of alter the distribution model there and perhaps whether the incremental demand for non-China itineraries could potentially play into that?
Michael Bayley: Yes. Steve, it's Michael. We've been on the journey to develop distribution for the past few years, and we feel pretty pleased with the journey that we are on and the progress that we've been making. And I think that's been part of the success that we're having now in China, is the growth of the distribution system. So we're feeling pretty good about that. And sorry, the second part of your question was?
Stephen Grambling: It was just, I guess, it plays into it, but whether the non-China itineraries can potentially accelerate that, if you are seeing greater demand there and maybe earlier booking?
Michael Bayley: Yes. I mean, there was few elements to our strategy in China. One was the distribution, the other one was adding longer itineraries for the China market itself, ex China, which has proven to be quite successful. And then, of course, the third element that you pointed out is the focus on outbound. It is the world's largest outbound travel market, and things are changing with regard to visa restrictions and group travel and what have you, and we are starting to see an improvement in terms of the number of Chinese guests who are going through our products in Alaska and the Mediterranean and Europe, and we think that's an opportunity, particularly as the brand becomes more and more well known in the China market and as we establish wider, broader, deeper distribution, then it becomes a really good opportunity for us in terms of that outbound growth.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Brandt Montour from JPMorgan.
Brandt Montour: I was just hoping you could maybe unpack your fuel guidance a little bit more and help us understand what you're assuming in terms of at-the-pump pricing, if you're giving full credit for the backwardation of the curve or if your -- what are you assuming for the MGO spread, anything of that would be helpful.
Jason Liberty: Yes. Sure. So as it relates to our guidance on the fuel side, obviously, we are about 58% hedged for the year and then when you look it as it relates to fuel price, we forecast based off of what fuel prices are today. We don't speculate or pivot off of the forward curve.
Brandt Montour: And that includes -- sorry, and that includes MGO spreads as well that would be just today.
Jason Liberty: That's exactly right. That's right. Thank you for your assistance, James, with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow up you might have, and I wish you and we wish you all a very great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International
Analysts: Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Simon, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which have been posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency adjusted basis. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow up with a recap of our third quarter results. I will then provide an update on the current booking environment, provide guidance for the full year and the fourth quarter of 2018 and then close with some early thoughts on 2019. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. After a rough week in the stock market, we're happy to share some good news. Our business remains healthy across our major source markets, and onboard spend continues to grow. We are particularly pleased to continue increasing our yield guidance which is now almost 100 basis points higher than our January estimate, and that's on a like-for-like basis. As a matter of fact, since our January guidance we have offset more than $115 million or $0.55 per share of headwinds from foreign exchange and fuel, and we still raised our guidance. I have to say that I am both frustrated and impressed – frustrated that we've had to overcome such headwinds and impressed that our fundamentals are so strong that we can face such hurdles and still exceed our forecasts. As it pertains to this past third quarter, we generated an adjusted EPS of $3.98, which was 14% higher than last year's figure. In fact, it's an all-time record. Given the concerns about weather, politics, trade wars and supply, this result definitely strengthens our confidence in the continued health of the cruise market. Part of the reason our business remains so strong is that we evolve our product to meet the evolving demands of our guests. The trend of people looking for experiences instead of buying things continues to be a defining characteristic. And it is a characteristic that we, at Royal Caribbean, pay close attention to. Fortunately, providing experiences and memories is already our sweet spot. Satisfying that new consumer preference is a constant focus of ours and one where we continue to innovate. In previous calls, you've heard me talk about our investments in Excalibur, our digital transformation platform. Today, I thought it would help to show you just how aggressively we are rolling out these capabilities to our guests. I would emphasize that our guest capabilities represent just one dimension of the program, but it's a highly visible one and I wanted to share it with you today. Slide 2 shows the planned launch schedule. The guest app in its current form includes features such as accelerated check-in, the daily planner, onboard accounts, shore excursions as well as the ability to book various items such as shore excursions, specialty restaurants and other onboard activities. You can see in the slide that we have highlighted three milestones that represent the way we make the app available to our guests. We call them crawl, walk, run. The first phase, crawl, refers to testing mode. In crawl mode, the app is up and running but we keep it very quiet so we can test it out with a small group of participants. When we are comfortable that the functionality has reached an acceptable level, we shift to the walk stage. When we get to walk, we allow everyone who wishes to do so to use the app, but we don't aggressively push it. This is roughly equivalent to the beta stage of most apps. It gives us a chance to test it under real-life conditions but only with a limited group of users. Lastly, when we get to the run phase, we want as many guests engaged as possible. The app is then available to anyone, and we vigorously publicize it so that as many guests as possible use it. When we get to the run stage, the app has been thoroughly vetted and most of our guests use it and love it. Our initial priority for the app capabilities has been on easing the process of boarding and disembarking. We've also prioritized other things that our guests most want. Next will come more bells and whistles, such as facial recognition, the ability to easily book your onboard activities before sailing, new chat capabilities, and an innovative digital stateroom key. Again, I want to remain repeat that this only refers to the capabilities our guests use. A lot of focus has also been on the capabilities that make our employees more efficient and more effective. Now one question I'm sometimes asked is how we can scale this so quickly out to our fleet. The reason is that, over the years, we have built and maintained our fleet to take maximum advantage of technology. As a result, we already have a lot of technology on the ships and that can be used to provide some of these capabilities. We need to add more, but this gives us a definite leg-up. Through this type of investment, we are not only expanding and improving the product offering but also attracting new segments to cruise. We find that using such technology to reduce the hassle factor behind traveling increases the demand for our products. As our businesses grow, technology isn't the only area where we have exciting things happening. We are well underway in the buildup of Perfect Day at CocoCay in the Bahamas, and we are very excited about what that does for enhancing the experiences of our guests and thereby raising our yields. Perfect Day will be a nice boost to our bottom-line because it will increase our revenues nicely while only increasing our expenses a bit. That also serves as a reminder that our business grows – that as our business grows geographically and in complexity, it impacts some of our metrics in unexpected ways. For example, last year in the third quarter it was ironic that the hurricanes, which hurt our bottom-line so much, actually improved our yield metrics. That came about because while we lost a lot of revenue, unfortunately, a very lot of revenue, from canceled sailings, those sailings had lower APDs than our average. Thus, eliminating those sailings slightly improved our average yield. Another example is our marvelous new terminal here in Miami. Besides being beautiful, Terminal A is economically better for us than what we had been doing previously. However, the new way we have structured the financings means that we will have higher revenues and higher expenses. The net is positive, but it will raise both revenue and expense. The impact on our metrics may be counterintuitive, but the impact on our bottom-line is unequivocally positive. The one other example I would like to mention. Actually, I don't think I need another example, but this is one I am quite pleased about, so I thought I would share it. You may recall that last year after successfully completing the Double-Double program, we gave equity awards to every employee in the company. We called it a Thank You, Thank You Bonus. Our financials always assume that we will have a certain amount of employee turnover, and for 2018, we assumed that our normal attrition rate would continue. However, in the aftermath of the Thank You, Thank You boost, we've actually experienced a reduction in employee turnover. Personally, I view that as a terrific success. It will reduce our cost and improve our performance going forward, but in the short-run, it does mean higher compensation expense due to a lower rate of forfeiture on the equity awards. That is a great outcome. And lastly, before I turn the call back to Jason, I want to talk about the new Celebrity Edge that will be launched in November sailing out of Fort Lauderdale. Every time Lisa and I visit the yard to review progress, we get more and more thrilled about the exquisite work that the teams have done. I know you will all be blown away at Celebrity Edge, and I'm happy to say that we are seeing that impact in our bookings. Demand for cruising is booming, and guests are willing to pay for innovation, quality, and design. The timing of this ship could not be better. With that, I am pleased to turn the call back over to Jason. Jason?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Richard. I will begin by talking about our results for the third quarter of 2018. These results are summarized on slide 3. For the quarter, we generated adjusted earnings of $3.98 per share, which is approximately $0.05 higher than the midpoint of our guidance and 14% higher than same time last year. Better close-in demand for our core products, better onboard revenues, and better-than-expected results from our joint ventures drove the beat in the quarter. Our net revenue yield increased 2.6% year-over-year, which was 60 basis points better than our guidance. Strong close-in demand, particularly from our Asia-Pacific, Europe and Alaska products combined with stronger beverage and shore excursion revenue, mainly drove the outperformance. Net cruise costs excluding fuel were down 0.1% for the quarter, which was 90 basis points higher than our guidance, driven mainly by timing. On the shareholder return front, we repurchased $162 million of share in early Q3, and last month, we announced a 17% increase in our quarterly dividends. Now I would like to share trends we are seeing in the demand environment for the balance of 2018. As we move forward in the fourth quarter, many of our ships transition out of Europe, Alaska, and Bermuda and begin their winter season. As such, about 55% of our capacity will be in the Caribbean, 18% will be in the Asia-Pacific region, and 12% will be in Europe. While the addition of Silversea to our family of brands does bring a number of new itineraries to our portfolio, it doesn't have a significant impact on our overall capacity distribution for the fourth quarter, nor for 2019. Despite our increased mix of short Caribbean itineraries, Q4 sailings are booked nicely ahead of same time last year in both rate and volume. As you would expect, the Caribbean accounts for most of our remaining inventory, and we are in a strong book position for the product both including and excluding new hardware. We are also very excited to welcome Celebrity Edge into the fleet next month. It's been six long years since a new ship joined the Celebrity fleet, and she's clearly worth the wait. Edge has been booking at significant premiums for the winter Caribbean season and for our European season next year. Now let's turn to slide 4 to talk about our guidance for the full year. We are narrowing our guidance to $8.75 to $8.85 per share. This guidance includes the negative impact of approximately $0.10 per share from currency and fuel since our previous guidance. Also, as Richard mentioned, since providing our initial guidance in January, the stronger dollar and higher fuel prices have negatively impacted our earnings by approximately $115 million or $0.55 per share. These changes have also impacted our 2019 earnings by a similar amount. Also, to note, our guidance now includes Silversea's operations. As previously announced, Silversea's operations will be incorporated into our financials on a quarter lag and for 2018, we do not expect the results to have a material impact on our bottom line. As it relates to our key metrics, we expect our net revenue yields to increase in the range of 4% to 4.5% for the year. This represents an improvement of approximately 100 basis points versus our previous expectations. The consolidation of Silversea's operations is contributing approximately 80 basis points, and the remaining 20 basis points improvement is being driven by the outperformance in the third quarter and an increase in the revenue outlook for the fourth quarter. From a cost perspective, we expect net cruise costs excluding fuel to be up approximately 4.5%. The consolidation of Silversea is contributing approximately 140 basis points. This updated guidance also reflects an increase in our costs that relate to the acceleration of technology-related investments. We anticipate fuel expense of $706 million for the year, and we are 54% hedged at a price of $434 per metric ton. In summary, based on the current business outlook along with current fuel prices, interest and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $8.75 to $8.85. Now we can turn to our guidance for the fourth quarter, which is on slide 5. Net yields are expected to be up in the range of 6.5% to 7% with the addition of Silversea driving approximately 350 basis points of the year-over-year improvement. As such, we are reporting Silversea on a one quarter lag, so Q4 includes the results of Silversea's higher-yielding August and September sales. Net cruise costs excluding fuel for the fourth quarter are expected to increase in the range of 6% to 6.5%, which includes approximately 500 basis points from the Silversea consolidation. As mentioned above, this guidance also reflects the increase in our costs that relate to the acceleration of technology-related investments. Additionally, the consolidation of Silversea is negatively impacting our depreciation for the quarter and the full year by approximately $0.06 per share and negatively impacting our interest expense for the quarter and the year by approximately $0.04 per share. Based on current fuel prices, interest and currency exchange rates and the outlook expressed above, our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter are expected to be in the range of $1.45 to $1.50 per share. Before providing some color on 2019 booking trends, I'd like to highlight some of the key performance drivers for 2019. We have stunning new hardware. We are amping up our private destinations with Perfect Day. We are benefiting from our modernization program. Our own terminal in the busiest cruise port in the world will be online, and we have a new ultra-luxury and expedition cruise line in our portfolio. It definitely seems that we have more going on in 2019 than in any other year in recent history, and I want to make sure that we walk through some of the dynamics that will shape yields and cost next year. From a hardware standpoint, we'll enjoy our first full year with Celebrity Edge, Symphony of the Seas, and Azamara Pursuit while also welcoming Spectrum of the Seas and Celebrity Flora to the family in the second quarter. 2019 will also benefit from our modernization programs, Royal Amplified, Celebrity Revolution, and Silversea's Invictus, which means more drydock days in 2019 than in 2018. As it relates to other big elements affecting our numbers next year, we will have our first full year with Silversea, we'll launch Perfect Day at CocoCay, and the operation of the new Terminal A here at the Port of Miami. All three of these additions will increase both yield and cost metrics. We will provide more details on the financial impact of these items during our fourth quarter earnings call. I wanted to spend a moment to discuss some below-the-line considerations for 2019. The first one is depreciation. As Richard discussed, we are very excited about our Excalibur program and the very positive feedback we have been receiving. From a financial perspective, I would note that our investments in significant technology projects, like Excalibur, are becoming a larger mix of the capital program and generally have a shorter useful life than our typical capital investments. The other area of note will be the impact of Silversea below-the-line. Being in the luxury and expedition segment, Silversea's depreciation per berth is significantly higher than our corporate average. In addition, Silversea's current bond has a coupon of 7.25%, which is significantly higher than our cost of debt. Now I'll provide you with an update on our 2019 deployment. Our capacity for 2019 is expected to be up approximately 8.6%, of which approximately 220 basis points are driven by the addition of Silversea. Just over half of our 2019 capacity will be in the Caribbean, while Europe and Asia-Pac will account for approximately 16%. Our Caribbean capacity is increasing by about 10%, driven by the addition of Edge and Symphony, combined with an expanded short Caribbean program that includes the newly modernized Mariner of the Seas and soon-to-be modernized Navigator of the Seas. Also to note is just over a quarter of the guests on a Caribbean cruise will get to experience Perfect Day at CocoCay in its first year. Capacity is about flat year-over-year for Europe, Asia-Pac, although both regions will feature one of our new ships. Celebrity Edge will sail her first summer season in the Mediterranean and Spectrum of the Seas will transition to her new home of Shanghai after her delivery in the spring. We are also improving our hardware in Alaska with larger ships for both Royal Caribbean and Celebrity, plus the addition of Silversea's newest ship, the Silver Muse and Azamara's first-ever Alaska season. We haven't pointed out capacity numbers for some of our smaller products on these calls before. But with the addition of Silversea and Celebrity Flora, it's worth noting that the high-yielding expedition products will account for approximately 2.5% of our inventory in 2019 versus only 0.5% in 2018. Now onto some early insight into 2019 bookings. We continue to see strong booking trends for 2019 and are currently booked ahead of same time last year in rate and volume, both including and excluding Silversea. While each of our larger product groups are in a strong book position, we're particularly pleased with how the Caribbean is shaping up, as it is the region that will absorb the most capacity for our company next year. Although we don't normally provide guidance for 2019 until our fourth quarter earnings call, these insights certainly point to another year of robust yield and net income growth. With that, I will ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from line of Robin Farley with UBS. Your line is open.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. Just kind of looking to get a little more insight into 2019. I wonder if you could – you mentioned that rate and volume ahead, so sounds like yield's likely to grow. Can you comment on sort of the rate of how far in advance you're booked versus the same time last year just so we can think about maybe the magnitude of yield growth a little bit? And then also, I don't know if you have any comments to share about Q1, given how booked you may have been before hurricane season last year. Is Q1 a particularly tough comp? Or do you also feel that Q1 would be representative of how the year would look; just any thoughts around that? Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, sure. So first on 2019, the acceleration in the bookings for 2019 have been very strong, even before and after we lapped the hurricane comp. And we have been up in both a rate and volume basis. And really for the next 12 months, if you look at it on a quarterly basis, we're also up on a rate and volume basis, so we continue to see the booking window extend and strength as the consumer considers their vacation plans for 2019. As it relates to the first quarter, as I just commented, we do expect our rate and volume to – our rate and volume are up. We do expect yield improvement in the first quarter of next year. And I would also just point you to my commentary and my remarks about the Caribbean, which is a big part of our Q1 picture, and that is also in a very strong book position.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then maybe just lastly, any thoughts with Spectrum going to China next year? There's been a lot of focus, obviously, about U.S.-China relations. And do you have any concerns about as you're selling – it's, I guess, early to be selling in that market, but is there any impact in your discussions with travel sellers there?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi, Robin. It's Michael. We've been really pleased with the performance of the China market this year, and as you know, it's a long-term strategy. We've been in the market for 10 years. We just recently received another award as the top cruise line in China. So we're excited about Spectrum coming into Shanghai in 2019. If you recall, Ovation is coming out of China, going to Alaska, which is doing very well in Alaska. And so our capacity overall next year in China is fundamentally flat. I think the market overall is down slightly in terms of capacity. We've had a lot of enthusiasm in terms of forward bookings for Spectrum, and we're very pleased with where the ship sits already in terms of forward bookings. In terms of the issues on tariffs and what have you, it's been slightly volatile. I mean, just as I think we see in the American stock market, there's been some ups and downs in the Chinese stock market, but everything's – the fundamentals seem to be still okay. We've seen nothing coming through in terms of consumer confidence or concerns from our travel partners.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: And, Robin, I would just add, because also I noted in my commentary some of the strength in the close-in business as well as some of the reason for the increase in the outlook in Q4 has been a strength we have seen coming out of the China market.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Oh. Great. Interesting. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel. Your line is open.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, hey. Good morning, guys. So, Jason, I guess the simple question is, what is your definition of the word robust? You talked about that around 2019. Is that – I know you guys have talked about kind of a 2% to 4% start point for yield, but can you maybe help us think a little bit better about what does robust mean?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, I would say the 2019 booking environment has been strong, which has led us to be in a very, I think, good book position on a rate and volume basis, and I think that's probably what I would take into those remarks. There are a lot of tailwinds into our yield profile for next year, whether it's for the new hardware, like-for-like improvement. We talked about the Port of Miami and CocoCay and of course Silversea coming in. But I think when we look at our general business, whether it's excluding items like Silversea for a second and excluding the Port and CocoCay, the demand for our new hardware, especially for Edge, which has really come high on at a premium, has been very strong and encouraging. And so far, based off of what we're seeing in the booking environment, we also expect very good comps for our business on a like-for-like basis.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Got you. Thanks. And then in terms of – I know you don't want to give quantitative guidance at this point for next year, but from a cost perspective next year, you helped us think about D&A and interest a little bit in your prepared remarks. Those technology investments that you are talking about for the fourth quarter, how should we be thinking about those for 2019? And then can you also quantify the drydock days in 2019 versus 2018?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Sure. So just starting off on the cost as it relates to the technology side, there's really kind of two components to it, one of which is on the depreciation side as a larger mix of our investments are going into technology-related projects. As I said in my remarks, that results in a lower useful life on average for those investments. And so we do expect, just like we saw from 2017 to 2018, an elevation in our depreciation as a percent of our revenue. We would expect an increase as well over the 2018 to 2017, so more 2018 to 2019 will be even higher as a percent of our revenue for our investments in technology and also for our investments with – also with the depreciation being higher for Silversea. The other component on the technology side is on the OpEx side, so a lot of the services are cloud-based services or subscription-based services and those do put pressure on our operating costs. And the more that kind of rolls out, the more that will weigh on our costs for next year. But, of course, we continue to look at how do we become more and more efficient within our cost structure. As it relates for drydock days, let me just get, pull it up here – so in 2019, we had about 360 drydock days, and – no, I'm sorry, in 2018 we had about 280 drydock days and in 2019, including Silversea, we have about 360 drydock days.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thank you. So just to confirm because for 2019, your outlook, it sounds like you're looking every quarter higher volumes and higher pricing for the next year?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, for the next 12 months, we're up in both rate and volume in every quarter.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And then just the phenomenon of your extending booking curves, does that historic – I mean not historic – we've looked back about a year-and-a-half, if you look at the past year and a half, ex maybe this quarter, you beat net yields by over – by about 100 basis points, does the extending booking curve kind of limit your ability to report that kind of upside because there's just less close-in bookings to be had?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, that is – I mean obviously, us taking on more business, the purpose of it is we think that we will be optimizing yields by doing so. But as we get closer to those sailings, that close-in business is more limiting because we have less inventory to sell.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then just on your fourth quarter guidance, just a couple of points of clarification. So I just want to make sure I'm doing my math right. It looks like you raised the midpoint of your previously implied guidance by 50 basis points? Is that right?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: That's correct.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then just the increase in the cost, you mentioned that was project Excalibur. We're estimating that's about $0.08 to earnings? Is that right? $0.08, $0.10?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, it's a combination of a few things, one of which is as I commented on the third quarter, there's some shifting that's going into the fourth quarter, which may not be obvious because we lost some APCDs in the third quarter due to some incidents around some of our ships, mechanical incidents on our ships as well as on the hurricane side. So there are costs that are shifting in from Q3 to Q4, and then the balance of that is Excalibur, and then also, as Richard commented, we're experiencing lower turnover, lower forfeiture rates which are increasing our competition cost mildly.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hey, Felicia. It's Michael. One other point to bring forward is the nonrefundable deposits that we introduced about a year and a half ago for the Royal brand, and now we have over 60% of our bookings that are nonrefundable. And that's really helped with the stickiness of the bookings. So when we're getting these bookings earlier on, they're staying with us and they're not churning. So that's I think also been a contributing factor.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's great. And then just finally, just for 2019, just given all the moving parts for – in terms of costs, you have a lot of initiatives which are affecting that, ex Silversea. So on a like-for-like basis, can we expect your 2019 yields, the robust 2019 yields that you talked about, to offset those incremental costs from kind of how we've been thinking about things currently?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. We certainly expect on a like-for-like basis for our cost behavior to continue and be very focused on making sure we're as efficient as we possibly can. But I think taking into account other things like Silversea and so forth, that will – the optics around that will look like our costs are higher than what you have seen in the past, obviously.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, Felicia, if I could – it's Richard, and if I could just add to that. We're really think that our heavy emphasis on cost control has been an important constructive factor for us, and I think we just have these two things coming together which we think will be positive to our bottom-line. One is these somewhat mechanical things. And I pointed to Terminal A as an example where we've done something which is recently a good operational thing for our bottom-line, but it does – because we are taking over ownership, it moves up our revenue and our expenses. And the other one is some of these investments like Excalibur. But overall, we think these things will be positive to the bottom line, and we still think that we are going to come out with cost increases which are, for most industries, people would be envious of it. So we don't intend to take our eye off that important ball. But as Jason says, the way it comes across in the numbers may be a little bit counterintuitive until you look at the details.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Hey. Good morning. Just a clarification. Early in your discussion, you talked about there actually being more drydock days, and I think when you defined it, it looked like there are less. I wonder if you could go through those numbers again.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Sure, Harry.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: I think you went from like 380 down to 360, so is it like – I just want to get that right.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Harry, it was the other way around. It was 280 to 360. So 280 in 2018 and 360 in 2019.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Exactly.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: 280? Okay. So obviously it's difficult when you get older. Okay. So I'm trying to get a sense of the elevated expenses in the fourth quarter flowing into next year. And if you could give us a sense of what is particularly elevated in the fourth quarter that's unlikely to recur in 2019, whether it's – for example, did development costs begin to come down. Some of these bonus accruals – will they come down?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, I don't think there's really a, per se, timing element to this because, I mean, we are very much trying to accelerate our Excalibur efforts to the point that we can. And so I wouldn't look at this as we're just shifting some costs from January into December. This is our ability to have certain capabilities come online a little bit quicker than we had expected them to, because as Richard mentioned, we think that the investments we're making in Excalibur to decrease friction within the guest experience and increase on-demand capabilities which we think are table stakes in the guest experience and what the customers are looking for – the sooner we can get that on the ships, we believe that will lead to better revenue and better guest satisfaction as well as a better employee experience for our crew. So I wouldn't look at this as a timing element, I would look at this as our ability to bring on capabilities sooner than we had anticipated.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Okay. And then last question is, prior to folding in the Silversea acquisition, there was a consensus estimate on consensus metrics for net cruise costs next year of, I think, it was probably around 2%, maybe 2.5%. Just kind of directionally, do you think that the Street was in the right neighborhood with that assumption?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, we are still very much in our planning process, so it's tough to pinpoint that. And I would just point to make sure that in that consideration, besides for Silversea, there's also the costs that we will incur with Perfect Day and also the Port of Miami. So I'm not going to comment specifically on that number, but those will also be elements that will be impacting our cost metric next year.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: And just one real final quick question going (37:54) back to a comment you just made about the technology application. Have you gone from crawling to walking? Or are you going from walking to running?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, I would point you to that chart. I mean, that really does depict the path and the cadence that we're going down. So I think the chart that was on slide 2 kind of shows our path on how we plan on this being implemented across our fleet and also how the capabilities are expected to grow, and that's how I would look at the cadence of what we're doing. But certainly we are leaning in as much as we can to get as much of it done and if we can accelerate that chart, we certainly will because of the benefits that we think that we're going to get out of it.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Okay. Very good. Thanks for your help.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You got it, Harry. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Scholes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Two questions for you. In the most recent earnings call, you had, for 2Q results, had talked about strength in last-minute booking trends. I'm wondering what you observed in last-minute booking trends for travel in 3Q and year-to-date.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Sure. So I'll just start on that one. We also saw, similar to Q2, we saw accelerated trends from our close-in bookings. I think the only thing that was probably a little bit different is we saw some further strength in Asia-Pac, specifically China and the close-in environment in Q3 versus in the second quarter.
Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. Then my next question, are you seeing any notable difference in pricing and booking trends by, whether it's sort of the high-end Silversea or more of your pet (40:04) market core brands? Certainly the wealth effect has been helping luxury hotels but I'm wondering if you're also seeing that with your bookings by brand.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, sure. So I won't comment by brand but I would just say on the spectrum that the demand we're seeing for the Royal Caribbean customer is very similar to the demand we're seeing for the Silversea customer. So that spectrum is, or the booking patterns in terms of strength have been quite similar. Of course, the Silversea customer books much further out. But as I commented in my remarks, we look at on both rate and volume with and without Silversea. We're up on a rate and volume basis in the quarter and as well as for next year.
Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Beckel with Bernstein. Your line is open.
David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey. Thanks for the question. One for Richard. Richard, in the past you've said that Royal is kind of like a duck on the water paddling hard below the surface despite the appearance of a smooth glide on top. Obviously a reference to your people, not your ships. But I'm wondering...
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you for that clarification.
David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yeah, I thought that was needed. I think part of the concern with investors that's being reflected into stock price is slowing cycle obviously. So at this point, as the cycle extends further, do you feel like your company has to paddle harder than it has in the past to deliver the same results?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: No. I think actually the metaphor that you're using that I have used in the past is really a reflection of a cultural norm here that we think there are so many opportunities that we just want to take advantage of them and that means we have to paddle fast. Our mantra, as you know, is continuous improvement and we are very focused on that. I would not have described the situation today as any different. We always are focused on doing other things. The travel agent partners that we're working with are always focused on doing other things. But I don't think I would describe this as that much different. Maybe the difference today would be, one, we have a lot of new things that, I think, are coming online that are really very positive for us. And so we do have a confluence of, for example, Symphony of the Seas, which we'll be naming here in about three weeks. We just about a month and a half ago did Azamara Pursuit and Celebrity Edge coming early December. It's Flora next year. So there are a lot of really quite dramatic new hardware things. And we're probably now seeing coming to market more of the non-ship things which are helping us in very many ways. Obviously, we talked about Excalibur. We talked about the new terminals, both here in Miami at Terminal A and up in Fort Lauderdale at Terminal 25, Perfect Day. So there are a lot of those things going on, and so I think the simple answer is there is a lot going on. There is a lot – there's always a lot going on here, and I hope that never stops.
David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Fair enough. Thanks. Thanks for that color. And a follow-up question about the booking curve. Jason, you've given a lot of excellent color on the ways in which you're booked ahead at higher prices. But I was wondering – and maybe just splicing things too finely, but if you were to remove the effects of new hardware, which is a lot, I understand, would you still be booked ahead at higher prices?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, we would.
David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Jason, I want to ask you first about cash deployment for next year because your CapEx is decelerating a bit, you're guiding $2.6 billion for 2019. And on my math, I'm getting somewhere around $1 billion of free cash flow, and that's before taking on additional debt to maintain the target leverage. So my question is, should we expect all of that cash available to be returned in 2019? And just to follow up on that, I just want to confirm that when you do give full year guidance you don't plan on including any buybacks in the EPS. Is that correct?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, so just starting off on the capital allocation front. As we've said in the past, we do look very much to return capital to shareholders. We have our leverage ratios of 3 to 3.5 times, as we talked about in terms of the target. And there – as you said, there is leverage opportunities for us to be within that target that will produce additional cash that's available to shareholders. So I think what you would continue to see is our CapEx profile is our best thinking at this point in time. And then outside of that, if there's opportunities to lever, we do believe in continuing to grow the dividend on a moderate basis and buyback shares opportunistically. As it relates to, do we put buybacks in our guidance or not, it's not something I would comment on. There's a lot of factors that kind of go into what our guidance will be at a given point in time.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just to switch gears here, I think back to the demand side, I think I would just to try to ask this a little differently. In the past, you used to talk about a 2% to 4% yield growth as sort of your longer-term annual target. Excluding Silversea this year, you're doing about 3.5%. So for next year you're saying you're seeing robust demand, and I guess my question is excluding Silversea, excluding the Terminal, excluding the waterpark as you sit here today, is there any reason why we shouldn't feel good about 2% to 4%, that long-term target for next year, especially considering that you do have these tailwinds on the hardware side?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, well, again, we're not going to begin to kind of comment on our yield guidance for next year. I think the 2% to 4% is, if you look at how our yields have grown over the past several years, that is a – kind of the average range of moderate yield growth. Certainly, these other items such as CocoCay and Perfect Day will improve our yield profile as well as increase our cost metrics. And that's kind of the way that I would look at it. So again, the environment for 2019, we're very happy based off of where things are today, looking at it on a rate and volume basis. But I wouldn't at this point in time because it's still early in the process to start kind of setting ranges for 2019.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar. Your line is open.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thanks. Good morning. I have one quick question on Silversea. It looks like there's a heavier impact to cost than benefit to the revenue side both in 3Q and 4Q, and I'm curious if there's anything timing-wise that allows that differential to reverse in the first half? And then going forward, as we think about the cost profile of Silversea and how that impacts Royal, do some of those costs sort of get better managed as they come onto Royal's platform, bringing their operating margin or EBITDA margin a little bit more close to yours? Thanks.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, sure. So first, there's no impact on the third quarter because of the quarter lag, and since we closed on July 31, their August and September results will be the ones that hit onto the fourth quarter. And so, some of this is just math. I mean, obviously it's a much higher yielding product than our average, and that will improve our yield profile. But on the cost standpoint, because our average cost per APCD is about $100, Silversea's platform is much more inclusive and is much higher than our average. And so that's going to weigh on our cost metric disproportionately to how it will weigh on our yield metric because our yield metric is about twice as much as our cost metric. So that's point one. Point two, definitely as time goes on, as we talked about, when we did the acquisition, that we thought that there was cost opportunities, efficiencies, them taking advantage of our supply chain, and some of those contracts and efficiencies and some of them are technology-related, take some time to work through. And we would think over a reasonable period of time, we will continue to implement those synergies into Silversea which will make that comp easier over time. But I would be less focused on – I mean, some of that will happen in 2019, but more of that will happen in 2020 and beyond.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Just a couple here. Jason, Richard, whoever wants to take this, the Eastern Med, we've seen folks like TUI start making some comments on their hotel side that they're seeing, and for Turkey comeback, we're seeing yourselves and others maybe add some itineraries in 2019 and maybe a few folks into early 2020. Just your thoughts, what you're seeing from your customer, travel agent demand base for the Eastern Med cranking back up? And then, Jason, any thoughts at this point here, the IMO 2020, where the forward curve is? How you anticipate that? And I know it's 2020, but given today, would you anticipate the impact to be flat? Neutral? Positive? And how has that changed your hedging approach?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Okay. So first on the Eastern Med side, we continue to monitor the situation in the Eastern Med. Obviously, Eastern Med currently and historically when there are even more ports that were attached to the Eastern Med definition was very attractive, and so we continue to watch, I would say consumer demand or interest, I would say caught more interest has perked up a little bit, but we're obviously making sure that experience can be sustainable before offering too much of the product or increasing what's available within the Eastern Mediterranean area. As it relates to the IMO, our scrubber program has been very successful. We continue to roll it out onto our ships. Our mix of what we'll be able to burn via MGO versus low sulfur fuel still will be pretty much the same as it is today. And so our mix of fuel should pretty much be about the same. Now as it relates to where the price is and hedging, et cetera, I would say that we'll see what happens with fuel prices, but we do have a bias to hedge a little bit more on the MGO side than on the IFO side because we'll be able to burn the lower sulfur fuel – I mean, we'll be able to burn the higher sulfur fuel because of the scrubbers, sorry.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So as you're skewing your historical hedge more to the MGO given the higher cost and potentially that going up and the other going down. Is that...
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: That's right. Even though – yeah – those curves today for all the fuel types are in backwardation.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. Last question. I know a lot of the focus here has been on 2019, so continuing in that vein, 2019, could you just maybe talk about a little of the puts and takes in the equity income line? TUI is the large part of that, obviously, but Pullmantur is folded into there. Just any puts and takes from that perspective, 2019 versus what we've seen in 2018?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, I mean, I think in terms of the core drivers of the equity pickup line, which you said is TUI and which is Pullmantur, both those brands are doing well. TUI is doing exceptionally well and we continue to expect growth there in both of those brands. And so that will be something that will help us improve the equity pickup line in 2019. Outside of that, there are small puts and takes here and there, but those are probably the two – those two are definitely the biggest drivers.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. So I think you've probably told us all you'd like to tell us in terms of the full year 2019, but maybe you can...
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: But you'll try again.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Yeah, well, I'm admittedly fishing a little bit here, but...
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Okay.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: ...maybe talk about phasing a little bit. I mean, there's lots of puts and takes: geographic, hardware, drydocks, comparisons. My experience is it's better to get people where those now than in January when models are set. Should we generally be thinking about fairly sort of even earnings? Or are there reasons that you'd like to call out at this point that there might be some lumpiness?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, I would say once again, we're still in our operating plan process, so I wouldn't be in a position to start talking about significant ebbs and flows within earnings by quarter. I think the one thing I would say that's kind of more phased is that CocoCay or Perfect Day at CocoCay will be phasing in next year and so that will be one thing structurally I think that's really starting in May is when it really kind of comes online. So there will be some impact on the second quarter and beyond that will likely not be in the first quarter. And then the other thing that I would just mention is when we do take delivery of Spectrum, it will take about 53 days or 54 days for the ship in the second quarter to go from Europe to China and that would be something that would weigh a little bit – it's a good thing on the earnings side, but it will weigh a little bit on yields and costs as we reposition the ship from Europe into China. Those would probably be the things that I would call out. Certainly when we get into January, we will help – focus on the cadences within quarters.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, and, James, as we've said before, I do understand the desire to understand ahead of time the lumpiness and things that will tends to shift things between quarters. But one of the characteristics of our business is that things tend to come in sort of large blocks and some of those we can try and anticipate and help you all understand in the way Jason has just done, but a lot of it is either just flukes or just timing for various reasons. And if we – I like to use the example of a drydock, if we have an opportunity to shift a drydock between doing it on March 30 or April 1, that could actually have a big change in the quarter, but we look at that as a minor decision and if we can save a few bucks by moving it a week or two in one direction, we'll do that. And I know that causes issues because in most companies you'll look at a flow and you assume everything carries out throughout the year. In our case, we really do try and manage on an annual basis. So I think we've tried to point out some of the things we already know that will cause lumpiness, but I think we ought to sort of be in full disclosure, telling you that there is a certain degree of lumpiness that we don't always predict.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi, James.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, just go ahead.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: It's Michael. Sorry. I just have to jump in because there's only two minutes left and I was hoping in this hour I'd get an opportunity to talk about Perfect Day for a second because we keep mentioning it and I've had no opportunity to promote it to you all. So I just want to really talk a little bit, because we're excited about Caribbean next year, for Royal Caribbean. Obviously we've got four Oasis-class ships and our Royal Amplified ships operating in the short cruise market and all of these ships will be going to Perfect Day after May of 2019 and we think it's the ultimate mix of thrill and chill with literally the tallest waterslide in North America, the largest wave pool in the Caribbean, 1,600 feet of zip line, the Oasis Lagoon, which is the largest freshwater pool in the Caribbean, cabana's, sports, you name it, a balloon ride that takes you 500 feet up into the sky. And what we're seeing in terms of interest for Perfect Day is really quite special, so we're kind of excited about the opening of Perfect Day. And seeing as we're running out of time, I just wanted to quickly promote that to you all.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well done.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Thank you very much, yeah.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: That's an answer to lumpiness. Yes.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Yeah, there you go. Take that.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: And by the way, this call has been sponsored by Royal Caribbean International.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Your next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citi. Your line is open.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you. Could you provide a little bit of color on how your booking volumes have trended as you started to see those easier compares beginning in early September and maybe even the last few weeks where it might have a little bit more normalized on a year-over-year basis?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, sure, Greg. I tried to hit this in my remarks but even if you look at it before the easier comp or you look at it today, our volumes are, whether it's load factor, whether it's rate, has been up year-over-year. So we've seen very positive trends even before it became an easier comparable for us.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. All right. And then if you look at Europe, I know you talked about east versus west but how about North American sourced business going to Europe versus European sourced business or European sourced customers cruising in Europe. How has that changed over the last few months or few quarters?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi. It's Michael. I mean we've seen very good demand for European product from the North American market and I think there's, to a certain degree, there has to be a relationship between the strength of the dollar and the weakness of the euro. So it's been a good couple of years in terms of North American demand for European products and it's also been good for the European sourcing as well. I think if we start to seeing a shift in currency, particularly with the euro and the sterling, then we'll probably see an improvement in demand out of the European markets as well. But it's been pretty good.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Okay. Thanks, Greg. Thank you for your assistance, Simon, with the call today, and we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any of your follow-ups that you might have, and I wish you all a very good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.
Analysts: Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. David James Beckel - Bernstein Research Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Thea and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant-currency adjusted basis. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow up with a recap of our second quarter results, provide an update on the booking environment and then provide an update on our full year and third quarter guidance for 2018. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. It's been another record-breaking quarter and a record-breaking year, and I'm happy to give some additional color on our business. Simply put, we started the year feeling very optimistic that we could nicely improve over what was an amazingly successful 2017. Since then, we've grown only more positive about our direction and about the prospects for the rest of this year and next. Now, while we tend to focus on the year as a whole, it is still interesting to look back on how our internal forecasts for the individual quarters have evolved over the last six months or so. Our current quarterly expectations for 2018 are higher in each of the four quarters than they were when we put our initial forecast together last January. I tell you, that's a nice feeling. Of course, the drivers of that yield strength are always in flux, but the fact that we are seeing overall improvement in each quarter of the year over our original expectations is a real confidence builder. Looking at the total picture, revenue continues to excel, cost remain firmly under control, and our below-the-line items are doing beautifully. The second quarter benefited from unexpected strength in last-minute bookings, and as usual, some markets performed better and some worse-than-expected. The second quarter also benefited from some substantial timing differences relating to costs and other items. In fact, roughly half of the quarter's beat was simply due to timing differences, which will reverse in the second half. Again, we manage our business more on an annual basis than a quarterly one, and these types of quarterly swings are irrelevant to our business. This quarter's timing differences on expenses is more than usual, but still within simple operational parameters. From a business point-of-view the story is simply that business is good and we believe it will continue to be good for reasons we have previously discussed. Having to deal with the headwinds of foreign exchange and fuel rates is extremely frustrating, especially this year, when both have moved so strongly against us. As frustrating as it is, we feel very good about the fact that the strength of our business is more than compensating for such powerful negative forces. Now, a year ago I described the image of a duck seeming to glide calmly through the water, while no one sees the fierce pedaling activities that goes underneath the surface. I find myself recalling that image once again since I know how hard our people have worked to deliver the results that we are talking about today. It's particularly gratifying to see how well our brands are performing in their respective marketplaces. Royal Caribbean International continues to retain its outstanding market position and keeps setting new records for pleasing our guests. The latest example of this is the stellar debut of the Symphony of the Seas in the Mediterranean. Her performance would be spectacular for a first time shipped in a new market. For her to perform so amazingly well when she is the fourth of a series is a testament to the innovations the team has incorporated and the power of the Royal Caribbean International brand. The ship has remarkable new wows, new shows and new activities, but what truly sets her apart is the careful execution and high level of service, which have been pivotal in achieving these record-breaking ratings. Celebrity Cruises is also on a roll. Her modern luxury platform is resonating very nicely with the cruising public and has helped propel the brand to record ratings and record prices. Of course, the amazing excitement around Celebrity Edge is not only helping with future bookings on that ship, but it's helping on the rest of the Celebrity fleet as well. And Azamara Club Cruises is enjoying one of the strongest surges in the cruise industry. Her innovative focus on destinations perfectly addresses the growing interest and experiences and is propelling the brand to new heights. And more recently, the Azamara Pursuit is now on her first voyage and doing wonderfully. TUI Cruises also continues to go from strength to strength. It's unique, high-quality, all-inclusive offering is ideally suited to our German clientele, and TUI Cruises' outstanding implementation gets it top marks from its guests and travel agents. The result is that this cruise line continues to surpass the very tough goals that we and TUI continually set for it. It's rare for the stars to all align in such an auspicious manner. We often have one brand performing particularly well, but today they all are. We often have a strong global cruise market, but today that strength is particularly evident. As I said before, it is essential when assessing supply and demand dynamics to focus on both sides of the equation, not only look at half the picture. In this case, we think the very strong picture for demand ought to be very encouraging against the supply side, which is constrained by yard capacity, and which is growing at moderate rates which look to be exceeded by normal demand growth. One of the factors that continues to drive demand is increasing relevance of cruising as a mainstream vacation choice. In the past, cruising was seen by many as somewhat of a niche market. But today the industry has increasingly become a mainstream vacation alternative. I attribute a lot of this change to the fact that people are more and more looking for experiences over material goods and we have been so effective in responding to these changing desires of our consumer base. Nevertheless, we still have a long way to go before our industry reaches maturity. Penetration rates around the world are still amazingly low. Just to put this in perspective, last year about 72 million tourists visited the City of Orlando and 40 million went to Las Vegas. In the same period, the entire cruise industry carried 26 million tourists around the world. We really do have a ways to go. The result of all this is that demand for cruising and especially for our brands continues to grow at an attractive rate. We are determined to continue to do our utmost to be responsive to that growing demand with the best products, features, and itineraries. Looking forward, we have a higher percentage of 2019 booked than we did a year ago for 2018, and they're booked at higher prices. While this sounds very good and we're very happy about the position, I want to reemphasize that this one metric is far from as important as some people appear to believe. There are two reasons for this. First, this metric is often the result of deliberate choices that we make. For example, I recall one year where the market was strong and we were convinced that it was going to get even better the following year. We deliberately reduced sales of our top category suites so that we would be able to take advantages of higher prices as the market improved. In that case, our book position looked worse-than-usual, but it actually reflects optimism on our part. I'm happy to say it's also – we were right about that. Another example of possible sources of confusion is structural. For example, next year we have more of our inventory dedicated to markets that traditionally book later. Obviously, we expect these markets to do well, as well as other markets, but we know that they will simply make their reservations later and our revenue management systems operate accordingly. This example does reduce our forward booking stats relative to last year, but it is definitely not a sign of a problem. Thus, while we're happy that our bookings are higher than prior years, our optimism about 2019 is really based on a combination of many factors. Forecasting revenue yields remains very much an art as well as a science. But it is an art where our track record has been very impressive. I would now like to give you some further insights on the Silversea's partnership. On the commercial side, the reaction has been extremely strong. Travel agents see how Silversea can grow and become more efficient while also making us a more rounded company and, therefore, more relevant as a vacation option. As we mentioned when we announced this partnership, we had a gap in our portfolio and to close it with a brand like Silversea that is at the top of its market segment was an answer to a prayer. We just closed on the deal the day before yesterday and we're eager to work on the integration. Exciting times ahead. I also want to take this opportunity to update you on project Excalibur, our digital technology platform. The program is on track and the progress is impressive. We have taken a methodical, agile approach to this implementation, rolling out new upgrades on a monthly basis or even more frequently. We're finding that this softly, softly approach allows us to move more quickly, but also to correct errors early before they impact a lot of vacations. We continually add features to the app and we remain on our trajectory of having half the fleet connected by the end of this year and most of the rest by the end of next year. The most complete version of the app today is on Symphony of the Seas and in December that distinction will be taken over by Celebrity Edge. One interesting milestone is the introduction of frictionless arrival. We have been rolling this out on a limited basis and expect that it will be operational on a large scale basis on Symphony of the Seas and on Celebrity Edge later this fall. By the way, we recently trademarked the term frictionless, so don't expect to see that being used by any other cruise line. I would also remind you of our belief that the public-facing aspects of our digital platform are important, but much of our emphasis has been on the behind-the-scenes work, i.e., making life easier and better for our employees and investing in digital data analytic tools, which are essential for our future success. And lastly, before I turn the call back over to Jason, I want to mention the new IMO fuel regulations, which are coming into force in 2020. These regulations require that all ships, cruise or cargo, dramatically reduce the amount of sulfur that they emit into the air. We meet the regulations in two ways: by buying fuel that already has the sulfur removed at the refinery or by removing the sulfur ourselves using advanced emission purifications or AEP systems. Today, about 30% of our fuel has had the sulfur removed before we buy it and given the success of our AEP systems, we believe that this 30% figure will not change materially even after the 2020 date. In fact, for various technical reasons, many observers believe that the new regulations could actually reduce our fuel costs once the regulations come into force. Of course, it's required a massive investment in these AEP systems, but that investment is paying off in both fuel costs and environmental benefits. I shouldn't leave this topic of fuel without mentioning our energy conservation efforts because we are enormously proud of the work our teams have done and continue to do to find ways to reduce our energy consumption. We already have the lowest levels in our industry and have partnered with the World Wildlife Fund to improve it even further. While AEP systems and other such measures are good, the best way to reduce our environmental footprint is to use less energy in the first place. We'll continue to work towards lower use of energy and lower emissions to generate our remaining energy needs. And with that, I get to turn the microphone back to Jason. Jason?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Richard. I will begin by talking about our results for the second quarter of 2018. These results are summarized on slide two. For the quarter, we generated adjusted earnings of $2.27 per share, which is approximately $0.39 higher than the midpoint of our guidance and 33% higher than same time last year. Our net revenue yields were up 2.8% for the quarter, which is approximately 105 basis points higher than the midpoint of our previous guidance. The beat was driven by stronger-than-anticipated close-in demand and better-than-expected onboard revenue spend. Onboard areas such as beverage, specialty dining and Internet helped deliver a 5.5% year-over-year increase in onboard revenue. Net cruise costs excluding fuel were up 1.1% for the quarter, which is 390 basis points better than expected, driven mainly by timing. Roughly half of our earnings beat for the quarter was due to these timing differences in costs. This is an unusually large shift, but as we have often said, we manage our costs on an annual basis rather than a quarterly basis. It just so happens that this quarter had a surfeit of timing changes, but it has little relevance to our view for the full year. So the positive cost variance that occurred in the second quarter will simply reappear as an increase in our costs in the back half of the year. In addition to better revenue and costs within the quarter, we also experienced an outperformance below the line, which was driven mainly by our joint ventures. A stronger dollar and higher fuel prices negatively impacted the quarter by $0.04 a share. On the shareholders front, we paid $128 million in dividends during the quarter, and since our last call we have repurchased $300 million in shares. So in summary, strong close-in demand, better onboard spend, better-than-expected results relating to our joint ventures and the timing of spend drove the $0.39 beat in the quarter. Now I'd like to update you on what we're seeing on the business outlook. The booking environment remains very strong with demand for each of our core products trending at or above expected levels. We've been particularly impressed with the demand we are seeing for 2019 where we are currently booked at record levels in both rate and volume for the year. 2018 is also very strongly booked with our load factors in line with last year at record rates. We don't expect to be booked ahead in volume at this point given our increased capacity in the closer-in short Caribbean market in the back half of the year. However, load factors for the balance of the year are up nicely when normalizing for these ships in deployment. Now I'll provide you an update on each of our core markets starting with the Caribbean. Demand for the Caribbean sailings has been strong with bookings trending ahead of last year's very strong levels. Our Caribbean capacity is up in the back half of the year, due mainly to the addition of the reimagined Mariner of the Seas for the short Caribbean market. As Richard mentioned in our last call, our strategy behind modernizing the Mariner of the Seas was to offer the best alternative for a short Caribbean getaway as a response to consumer trends. The younger generations are opting for shorter, more frequent vacations and the Mariner of the Seas is very well positioned for this segment with onboard activities, dining options and entertainment similar to those on Oasis class ships. Mariner of the Seas is booked very well and we are particularly excited about 2019. While we generally don't expect to receive many bookings for short Caribbean sailings that are more than six months away, Mariner of the Seas' load factors in the first half of 2019 are closer to those of seven night products than they are to shorter products. On the other side of the Atlantic, European itineraries account for 17% of our total capacity and more than 30% during the summer months. 2018 is turning into another record breaking season with strong global demand for European sailings and better pricing than last year from all source markets. Symphony of the Seas has definitely been the star of the show this year, but we've also achieved better pricing across the European fleet despite a difficult 2017 comparable. Regarding our Asia-Pacific itineraries, they also account for 17% of our full-year 2018 capacity and we continue to be in a strong booked position for China, Southeast Asia and our winter Australia products. China sailings performed very well in the second quarter, generating strong yield growth and exceeding our overall expectations. In addition, China is booked nicely ahead in both rate and volume for the back half of the year and into 2019. A contributing factor is the exceptional progress our teams have made in expanding the distribution network. While it's way too early to provide any specific color on next year's performance, I thought I would make a few comments about 2019. As I mentioned earlier, we are in a particularly strong booked position for 2019. We are booked ahead in both rate and volume for each of our core Caribbean, European and Asia-Pacific products and we have no signs of these great demand trends dissipating. Now, as Richard mentioned, these metrics are as a result of deliberate choices and we have to always be mindful when citing them as indicators of performance. While we are talking about 2019, I would also like to highlight that 2019 will be an atypical year as two very innovative and exciting new ventures will start to operate; our new cruise terminal in Miami and the stunning Perfect Day waterpark and resort on our private island of CocoCay in the Bahamas. As Richard also mentioned in his remarks, innovation and the creation of new and better destinations to support the company's growth is in our DNA and these two projects are proof of this. As such, these ventures will provide a tailwind for yield and a headwind for our costs in 2019. Now let's turn to slide 3 to talk about our updated guidance for the full-year 2018. Overall, we are reaffirming our April guidance of $8.70 to $8.90 per share. This updated guidance includes some puts and takes that I would like to highlight. On the puts side we beat the second quarter by $0.39, approximately half of which relates to the timing of costs that are now planned to be spent in the back half of the year. Also, the strong booking trends, which I previously mentioned, are driving an increase in our earnings expectations for the back half of the year. On the take side, the stronger dollar and higher fuel prices have impacted the back half of the year by approximately $0.31 since our April call. Additionally, we have increased our interest expense by approximately $0.06 to account for the purchase price for the Silversea investment. So in summary, the accelerating strength in our business is helping offset further headwinds from FX and fuel. As it relates to our key metrics, we expect our net revenue yield to increase in the range of 2.75% to 3.75% for the full year. This is approximately a 50 basis point improvement versus our previous expectations, which is being driven by the outperformance in Q2 and an increase in the revenue outlook for the back half of the year. From a cost perspective, we expect Net Cruise Costs including fuel to be up approximately 2.5%, in line with our previous quarterly guidance. In summary, based on the current business outlook along with current fuel prices, interest and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $8.70 to $8.90, in line with our previous guidance. This represents a 17% year-over-year increase in earnings. We expect fuel expense of $693 million for the year and we are 50% hedged. Now we can turn to our guidance for the third quarter, which is on slide four. We expect net revenue yields to be up approximately 2% for the third quarter, which is on top of a 5.3% yield increase in the third quarter of 2017. Net Cruise Costs excluding fuel for the third quarter are expected to be down approximately 1%. Based on current fuel prices, interest and currency exchange rates and the outlook expressed above, our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter are expected to be in the range of $3.90 to $3.95 per share. This guidance includes the negative impact of approximately $0.20 from currency and fuel when compared to rates effective on the last earnings call. Now before I turn the call back to the operator, I would like to briefly talk about Silversea, which we closed on earlier this week. Silversea will be reported with a three month lag, which means we will begin consolidating their operations in the fourth quarter of 2018. So for this year, Silversea's August and September results will be presented as part of our fourth quarter results. As I previously commented, our guidance includes $0.06 of financing costs that relate to the purchase price. However, the forecasted results for August and September for Silversea's operations and purchase accounting related items have not been considered in our guidance. As we noted during the announcement of the Silversea transaction, we do not expect their results to materially impact the corporation's 2018 adjusted earnings per share. For comparative purposes, we plan to adjust one-time related transaction costs and the bulk of the non-cash related adjustments as a result of purchase accounting from our adjusted earnings and non-GAAP financial metrics. One visible impact on this year will relate to our yield and cost metrics. Silversea is an ultra-luxury and expedition brand that demands higher yields and entails higher cost per berth relative to our other brands. While the bottom line impact in the near term is expected to be immaterial, the consolidation of Silversea will mean higher average yields for the company and higher cost per berth. And with that, I will ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: . The first question will come from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning and congrats on a great quarter. I guess the first question is around your guidance for the back half of the year and maybe you'll disagree with us here, but it seems like you might be being a little bit conservative around the third quarter yield guide, especially since you just beat the second quarter by 100 basis points at the midpoint. And maybe you're being a little bit more realistic around your fourth quarter implied guide. I guess the question is, are you being a little cautious here around the Caribbean close-in activity given consumers could be more nervous around weather this fall or is there something else we need to be thinking about? But given how much capacity you have in Europe and Alaska in the third quarter, we would have thought that the yield guide for 3Q could have been slightly higher than what it is.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, I'll start off and thank you for the – thanks for the second quarter beat. I would say as it relates to our guidance, whether it's in the quarter or for the fourth quarter or for the balance of the year, this is kind of based off of where we see our book position, how bookings are coming in. I would not – and I would caution the word conservative, I would just say that we really do try to provide our guidance based off of the best information we have at the time.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Steve, I think I'd like to just add. Remember, last year we had a particularly exuberant third quarter and when we made our forecast for the quarter, we're ahead, actually, of – the guidance we're giving out now is actually ahead of where we thought we would be at the beginning of the year. So the year's actually progressed very nicely. The second quarter beat was really a surprise to us. That can happen. You do have quarters where there's a sudden surge in last minute bookings and that did happen in this last quarter. And that's lovely. But it's absolutely unpredictable and, frankly, it's a little bit – it was a surprise to us.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. And then second question, I know you bought back $300 million worth of stock since your last call. But can you maybe help us understand how you guys are thinking about using that – the remaining authorization going forward? And Richard, I'm going to ask you a personal question, but can you help us understand why you unwound your 10b5-1? Appreciate it.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Okay. I'll start off with the $300 million. As we've said for some time, the way that we look at share repurchasing as opportunistically and I think you will continue to see us behave in that way. So there's not any type of specific timing. Obviously we are always conscious about our debt structure or our capital structure and our leverage ratios and kind of making sure that we maintain our discipline as being investment-grade credit. But that's kind of more – that combined with us as being opportunistic on the share price is how we will continue to proceed on the share repurchase side. And I'll let Richard answer his personal question.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Jason. Thank you, Steve. I don't usually like to comment on these things, but I think it's not a surprise to anybody that I would put in place some sort of regular program to sell as just from a – on a state point of view. And I put that in place quite a while ago. But when the share price went to levels that, frankly, I couldn't understand, I just couldn't continue to maintain that. Frankly, this has happened in the past. We do see this. The market anticipates things differently than we do and we've seen the market in the past drop down and stuff like that, and frankly, a few times that's happened and I've gone in and bought. I can't now. I'm not allowed to because of the 10b something program, but I certainly didn't have to continue to sell and so I stopped that.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's great color. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: The next question will come from Harry Curtis with Instinet.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Just a follow-up on the first question. In the Caribbean the rest of the year, just overall, do you have a lot left to sell in the third or fourth quarter? I mean how much variability could there be, for example, if there were storms in the fourth quarter? And I'm assuming that you've built some cushion in for that.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, well, one area, I mean I think that's exactly right. When you look at on a quarter – especially at the time of a call, I mean we're certainly north of 95% booked for the third quarter and it's pretty linear going to the fourth quarter. And so I think obviously going into this our confidence is strong but, again, it's based off of the best information we have at this point in time. And that's why we did take up our yield guidance for the back half of the year by 25 basis points.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: Very good. And the second question really looks into supply growth by your major markets next year. When you and I chatted a while back about the Caribbean, for example, you mentioned that the Caribbean supply growth next year is going to be relatively flat to down a little bit, but that Europe was going to be seeing the largest increase. So my question is, particularly in Europe, can you give us some early color on how Europe looks, especially from U.S. customers, given that level of capacity growth? Are you feeling pretty comfortable that that will be absorbed?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, so first, as you – in our shoes, and you're talking about outward periods, especially like 2019 and saying that we're at record levels on a rate and volume basis, your further out products are certainly in that consideration. And Europe is certainly in that consideration and the consumer that books further out is really the North American consumer. I would say that if we could probably do 2018 over again, which probably would mean setting our deployment in 2016, we would certainly want to have more capacity in Europe than in other products because strength in North American consumers for Europe is exceptionally strong and we've even seen even further strength year-over-year from the European consumer for European products. So while next year capacity is elevated in Europe relative to the other products, we certainly believe that demand is there to meet that supply or more exceed that. And that's right. That is in our book position very much in the consideration is the North Americans booking in advance. A lot of time they do that because of air fare. They book in advance for their European vacations for the following year.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: Got it, okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question will come from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. So Jason, you raised the second half net yield guidance by 25 basis points. I'm just wondering are you seeing or was that driven more by upside you're seeing in the third quarter or in the fourth quarter?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, it's actually the balance of both. As Richard said, both quarters are higher than we had anticipated them being, and of course, some of the trends that we're seeing, especially around Europe, is underpinning our confidence in those increases in those quarters, this quarter and next quarter.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay and even though things are better and you just called out Europe, so I think people are still having kind of conceptual issues with the third quarter in Caribbean, given the double-digit increase there. So are you seeing anything that gives you any kind of concern in terms of promotional environment from competitors or is achieving pricing there being more challenging than you expected?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I mean it's pretty – I think it's interesting when you look at the Caribbean really through the course of this year. I know there's been a lot of chatter about it or concerns about it. But the Caribbean is really booked as we expected for this year and I think you have things obviously as we add more shorter product that is something that can weigh on yields. But when you look at the like-for-like outside of what we talked about last time, which was Puerto Rico, it's continuing to book in line with our expectations, which we had from earlier this year.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, you know Felicia, it's interesting because you talk about conceptual issues and we do understand that. So we have to relate back to our own forecasts and what our own expectations have been and we're really just seeing both for this year, which you asked on next year, which I know you're also interested in, we're just looking at really quite strong markets. And we're just not – our own forecast just are a little more bullish about how that's doing and as I say, we're coming in, you specifically mentioned the third quarter, we're coming in actually a little ahead of where we thought we would be at this time.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. And then I just have some housekeeping, Jason. Just as we think about our modeling for 2019, is there a way you can give us some parameters for what D&A and interest might look like once Silversea is consolidated? And then also, we've just been getting a lot of questions about the other income line in your P&L. It was about $50 million higher than we expected. What was that?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, sure. So on the interest and D&A side, the interest side, you can annualize the $0.06 and the $0.06 is based off of the purchase price date, which was July 31. So that you can annualize. On the D&A side, it's too early to comment on that because we need to go through the purchase accounting activities to build up the balance sheet for Silversea onto our books and that's something that will impact what the D&A will be. So we will come back to everybody, likely in the third quarter call, on some expectations as well as also what yields will look like and costs will look like for the balance of this year and some dialogue about that in the following year. On the other income side, this really relates to a series of – or a few gains that relate to our joint ventures and that's really what's driving that year-over-year difference in the other income and expense line.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Is that a one-time thing or should we think about that going forward?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I would look at that as mainly a one-time thing in the quarter.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You got it.
Operator: The next question will come from David Beckel with Bernstein Research.
David James Beckel - Bernstein Research: Hey, thanks for the question. I was wondering if you could talk a little about just consumer sentiment. This is another Caribbean question, so sorry about that. But I think some of the concerns around the consumer were with respect to the perception of the quality of the destinations and then maybe not wanting to be in the Caribbean for fear of another bad hurricane season. Are you seeing a turnaround in terms of consumer sentiment at all about the region and the health of the region and have you seen any evidence of hesitance to be in the Caribbean during hurricane season?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, David, I think – and that also comes back to Harry's question about what we would be planning on looking forward. Last year's hurricane season was unusual on several levels, both the amount of storms, but really particularly the exact places that they went, which were particularly impactful for us. So we had the worst year we've ever had with respect to hurricanes and obviously we're not expecting that to reoccur. But it did have an impact on the consumer sentiment. It also had an impact, actually, on the forward bookings because we had a period of time last fall where bookings simply essentially dropped for that one – that period while we were in the midst of the storms and the midst of the immediate aftermath. And it did begin to recover quite quickly, but then it really did seem to have the kind of impact you're talking about that was more than we anticipated. And so we do think that it has impacted us this year, both -- I think more of the concern would be the destinations be less attractive and also would there be more storms. I think it took longer to recover, but I think we have now seen, we think, it largely recover, looking forward to lapping that period, which we'll do this fall. But I think you're right, it did take longer, it did have more of an impact, but we think that impact is very much not completely gone, but very much dissipated as of now.
David James Beckel - Bernstein Research: That's very helpful. Thank you. And my second question, I just want to dig in a little bit on your booking curve commentary from earlier. Given the strength that you see in the market today, which obviously investors – maybe obviously investors don't agree with, why not sort of pull in the curve a little bit and increase prices at this point?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, we are – and the way that our revenue management practices work and we are constantly measuring our booking activity relative to our curves. So I do think we believe that we are optimally harvesting that demand as it comes in. But it is something that we continue to debate, as Richard has said in his comments, that should we, especially around certain categories, push out when we're selling some of this inventory versus bringing more and more of it onto our books earlier, is something that is constantly debated internally. But I do think that we feel that we are – it's not perfect, but optimally harvesting the demand that's coming in.
David James Beckel - Bernstein Research: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hey, Jared.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: I want to ask about the fourth quarter yield guidance is implying about 3.5% growth, that seems like a pretty healthy exit rate of growth going into next year as the comps are easing from the hurricane hangover and as you've called out several times the demand environment still seems pretty strong. So maybe you can help me just understand if there's any reason why as it stands today that 2019 yield growth can't resemble something similar to 2018, excluding Silversea obviously. And I know you're not prepared to give had any guidance, not necessarily looking for guidance, but I'm just trying to understand if there's sort of anything we should be aware of next year as it pertains to maybe some accelerating supply in the back half of the year or any other one-time things that we need to be aware of.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well I would, first, I think the 3.4% implied that you're talking about is a little higher than I – at least my math tells me, but I mean it's somewhere in the ballpark. I think that obviously we're lapping a lot of noise on Q4. We have a little bit more Europe in Q4 and as I think we talked about, China is doing quite well. So I think that stuff that is underpinning our confidence in the fourth quarter. I think going into the year there's a lot of great tailwinds especially as Edge comes in, which comes in the latter part of the fourth quarter. We have more Symphony in the year and then we have Spectrum and Pursuit coming into the picture. So I think there's a lot of things that are underpinning just on a hardware standpoint, yield growth and we're seeing that certainly in – in terms of confidence in the first half of the year where we obviously have more on the books than we do in the back half of the year of 2019.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you. And Jason, I guess just on CapEx, I know you took it up by $2.5 billion. I think $1 billion was for the Silversea purchase, which leaves another $1.5 billion. And I know Silversea has a couple of new builds. But it still doesn't really seem like that should bridge the gap and then obviously FX has weakened, which should help you I would think. So what else is driving that CapEx increase?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, sure. Sure. Great question. Well, so as you said, there's the $1 billion investment that we made into Silversea. There are two new builds that are on order. And then the balance, which is around $600 million really relates to investments and modernization of our fleet. Technology related investments, investments into the destinations, especially things like Perfect Day that we're planning on investing a little bit more money into. That's really – and then there's just rounding. These numbers round. So if we trip over $50 million you're rounding up.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You got it, Jared. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Good morning. The commentary on China sounded pretty positive and you had commented on progress in expanding the distribution network. So I'm curious where you guys are in that process and what are the key steps ahead that you guys are taking to sort of maintain the momentum have you in the market?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Absolutely. First, I mean we're very fortunate that we have a very strong brand, very strong assets and we even add more of that strength in assets when we add Spectrum next year and we have a team that has been there on the ground for a long period of time that's very experienced and what they've been able to do over the past year or two is really diversify the distribution more and more every day, which gives us more ability to manage that inventory and also sell additional products like shore excursions that we weren't able to before. And then I think obviously we want to continue to evolve that and we want to continue to evolve the destinations that are in that area. And we've been very successful with getting Chinese consumers to sail for longer periods of time to more marquee ports, for example, like Tokyo. That has been quite helpful. And also that team and that market has also focused on being more fly crews. So all those things kind of combined has put us in a very, I think, enviable position in China for a consumer that really appreciates the brand and appreciates the assets that they're going on and I think that's – has played out well for us so far this year and as I said, our outlook on 2019, again, while still early in terms of how we're seeing the bookings coming in has been quite positive.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. And then on Silversea, I guess what we should be expecting is that at the end of the third quarter we'll have better fourth quarter guidance...
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): ...with Silversea embedded in it, so higher yields, higher costs and higher capacity growth than what is currently implied in the press release today.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, that's right. That's exactly right. We will. You got it.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks. On the Q4 sort of implied guidance, I was going to ask, it looks like the math could be anywhere from sort of a 2% to a 6% increase, but it sounded (48:06) that it would be just the last quarter always is left so wide by the full year range. And so it sounds like maybe you're thinking more kind of the midpoint of that, like the 3% to 4% range. Just wanted to clarify that. And then also just wanted to clarify, you've mentioned the Silversea interest expense is now in your EPS guidance, but is anything from Silversea in this higher yield guidance or is the higher yield guidance entirely from your existing operations?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Okay, yes. So on the Q4 side, I mean we will obviously guide when it's time. I was just commenting that the 3.4% was a little bit off my math, though I would not in any way point to it being 6% in any way. Now, as it relates to Silversea, there is – the only thing that is in our guidance as it relates to Silversea is the $0.06 in earnings impact from interest expense. So that's a – it's a negative impact to our earnings that's in our guide. There is nothing in our yield, there is nothing in our cost, there is nothing in our earnings, but as I said in my remarks, we do expect that it's going to improve our yields certainly in the fourth quarter and will also elevate our yields for the full year as this is a very high yielding product that will be incorporated into our metrics. So that's how I would – there's nothing more to read into that and of course as we add those things, we will – we typically do provide transparency in terms of what those impacts are.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. So the increase today in second half yields is all from Royal Caribbean core standalone pre-Silversea?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: 100%. There is zero Silversea contemplated in any of those numbers.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you for that clarification. Then also just looking at the performance because your EPS has gone up by more than just the midpoint of the yield guidance raise would suggest, and so you called out some of the things, the JV performance. Is there also some of that that's yield-driven with the TUI brand? You mentioned there were gains, but what's happening with the sort of European source demand as well?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. So in our yield guidance or in our cost guidance, TUI is not consolidated into those numbers, so it's below the line. But what's driving the outperformance on the equity side or the equity pick-up side, TUI is doing – TUI and Pullmantur are doing very well. And of course those are total European and very nationalistic sourced products. So we're very happy with how they're performing and as I also commented on our broader business, the European consumer is also continuing to show strength for cruise and they're having to compete with the North American consumer mainly for that inventory.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. And then just a final clarification on that. I know there have been questions about European capacity next year, but some of what's going to Europe are kind of like new ships for the German market that are so specific in terms of their passenger sourcing that it seems like to even talk about them in the same breath as other Royal Caribbean product in Europe makes things look I think different than they are in terms of sourcing. Can you – I don't know if you have in front of you the difference in your European increasing capacity and then how much of that is driven by this very specific nationalist product versus...
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, I don't have it broken out. We can certainly help do that in terms of nationalistic versus non-nationalistic. But I mean what you said was well-said. There are lots of cruise lines and markets that really do not impact how Royal Caribbean or Celebrity or Azamara trades on a day-to-day basis. We are obviously very happy with how well TUI Cruises is doing, but there is the reality that there is not a passenger on TUI Cruises that sails on Royal Caribbean or Celebrity or vice versa. It's a very focused, nationalistic product that has really found a great niche for itself. But that is – I think that's exactly right. There's a lot of the supply growth that's in the consideration for the industry that does not really impact us or many of the major players.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: And Robin, just to take the corollary of that, while Europe is growing a lot and some of that is, as you say, really not comparable, within that growth and within when we look at 2019, I think part of the reason that we are feeling so good about 2019 is because some of the unusual products that we now have. So Symphony of the Seas, which we will now have for the full year next year is just a homerun. Celebrity Edge is just performing brilliantly and it comes in at the end of this year but we get essentially 11 months of a new ship that's going in a very different category and everything else. And Azamara Pursuit, which actually just started working this week, is doing extremely well. So I think there are two factors, even though the total is growing significantly, as you say, part of the growth is non-comparable from a negative side, that is the German or the Pullmantur kind of passenger, but also we have some unique positives that are driving us more than simple normal supply/demand.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: The next question will come from James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my call. So most of my questions have been answered. Maybe just a couple clarifications. On Silversea, I'm assuming we're not ready to talk about the magnitude of the yield mix benefit on next year, but maybe talk a little bit about the geographic mix impact, if that's meaningfully different than your existing fleet. And then on the other income side, obviously you don't guide to that number, but you guide to pretty much everything else. So I get to basically a flat other income for the third quarter after a massive increase in 2Q. I guess I don't know if there was any timing, obviously there were big timing shifts in costs. I didn't know if there was any big timing shifts in other income. And I guess, ultimately, did you change the back half guidance for that other income line at all, what's embedded in your full year.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Sure. So one, as it relates to Silversea, I mean we're not – I mean we closed on this a few days ago and obviously there's Chinese walls that are up during the regulatory process so we will be prepared to talk about that more on the next call. They do have a similar mix in terms of where their guests come from and where our guests come from, even though obviously the Royal Caribbean and Celebrity and Azamara source from probably a few more markets today in which Silversea will certainly be able to take advantage of. So they have a similar mix. But of course on the deployment standpoint, we today go to about 550 different destinations and Silversea goes to over 1,000. So it is a very different product going to very different destinations, which we're very excited about having them part of the family now. As it relates to other income and expense, we were expecting those in the quarter. They were a little bit better than we had expected them to be and they are not contemplated in the back half of the year. Really what's raising the guidance in the back half of the year is mainly the improvement expectations and revenue helping offset currency and fuel increases.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. And then I guess just lastly for me, maybe sort of a weird question, but did you learn anything during last year's hurricane season that might change how you would head into this year's hurricane season, whether it's operationally or some of the perception that it seems like you're fighting? Obviously every hurricane season is different, but typically when you overcome a major hurdle there's going to be some learnings that you factor into what you do going forward. I didn't know if we were to see similarly awful hurricanes this year, if the impact would be any less based on any incremental steps that you've taken.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: So, well, we always learn. That's one of the fun things about our business is we learn from every experience, whether it's good or bad. I think actually we felt our response last year was really ended up being quite good and probably built up a fair amount of goodwill from the way we handled it, and I'm not sure that from a purely financial point of view, we learned much that would significantly change the outcome if you had, again, a hurricane that exactly tracked our ships' itinerary and exactly hit the ports of calls on the days that they would be the most impactful. So we constantly try and learn and obviously there are always some lessons to be learned. But overall I think we felt that last year we did pretty well. I do think, though, that people should be impressed with how well the destinations responded afterwards. These were horrific events for them, but now people are reporting back and the travel agents, which are always an important source of information as well as Internet chatter, shows how well they've recovered. And I think that may help us a little bit in terms of assuaging the concern that people had that if they went to some of these destinations afterwards, they would encounter a bad experience and that simply hasn't been the case. So I think if there is a silver lining, it's that people would understand better that the islands do recover more quickly. On the other hand, if we have another really terrible season, probably that would have a negative simply because what we had last year was so extraordinary and so you wouldn't want to see anything other than that didn't repeat itself.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes and James, I just want to add that everything that Richard said, I mean certainly whether it's perception, whether there were some logistical issues and so forth, because of the storms and – it is remarkable how well it has recovered and the impact, every dollar to us is painful but we're really talking on the margins here and there really was kind of more the focus on Puerto Rico than on the broader Caribbean or the broader Eastern Caribbean and that was a lot of it because it's tough to get everybody in and out all in one day because a lot of the hotels were taken up by people who were using them as residence. Air fare was a little bit more challenging and that's been restored. With all that was going on and all the impact to the island, I think it is pretty remarkable how small the impact has been on the Caribbean.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: By the way, it actually gives me a chance to comment because the one thing that it did, which wasn't news to many of us, but it really reinforced and demonstrated just how amazing the response of our employees was. The crew, the shore-based people in terms of responding to that did an outstanding job. So your question gives me a chance to say a thank you to them.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. Okay, we have time for one more question, operator.
Operator: Yes, so the final question will come from Greg Badishkanian with Citi.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great, thank you. So Richard, you gave some color on 2019, greater percent booked for 2019 at higher rate. There were two adjustment factors related to basically cabin and regional mix. The regional mix seemed to be – you would have to make a positive adjustment to that because you're booking in greater percentage of bookings in markets where you book later. I understand you make the adjustment to that I believe what you said. And then also in terms of a cabin mix, what type of adjustment would you need to make to that. It almost sounds like it's better than the color that you just gave, which was greater percent booked for 2019 at a higher rate. Seemed like it should be more positive in just that – those comments.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, so, great, first of all, the two examples I gave were not intended to be specific to 2019. They were just examples why relying too much on this one metric can lead you down a wrong path. In fact, if you recall, in both of the last two Januaries I've said that I thought we may have just from a strategic point of view booked too much in advance and then I thought we were at record levels of bookings in coming year and I didn't expect it to rise and yet it did rise because our revenue management models told us in this environment that was the right thing. In terms of our making the choice coming back to the first of those two, do we hold back inventory more or less because of what we expect, that's a constant give and take and that's a judgment that our revenue managers make on an ongoing basis. And I didn't mean to be talking about that as it related to 2019. The other one though, and it's interesting you mentioned it, is a factor for 2019. For example, we do have more short-term bookings which would – one would expect to book later and, therefore, actually you're right, that would be an even more positive factor in terms of our outlook. So other things being equal, given more short-term capacity, you would expect your bookings to be less than last year because short-term books later. And so the fact that we are booked more despite that factor could be read, I think, appropriately as even a more positive message there. But I do want to emphasize, I was trying to give examples of the kind of reasons why that single metric shouldn't be looked at by itself, but as one of the cornucopia of information that's available to us as we make our forecasts about the next year.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And if we look out to the first quarter of 2019, price volume, I'm about to use the metric that you say could lead you down the wrong direction, but how does that differ from full year and then maybe differentiate the Caribbean because that's – you maybe should have easier comparisons or arguably but I – maybe it could actually be worse if people haven't been booking for the winter at this point, a little nervous about it, so maybe you can give us a bit of color on how that's (65:09).
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, I won't go into too much detail on the quarter, but I will say that our commentary on the full year very much relates to what we're seeing in the first quarter of 2019 as well.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Right. Okay. Good.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Great. Okay. Thank you for your assistance today, Thea, and we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow-ups you might have and we wish you all a very great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International Adam M. Goldstein - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is James, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.'s First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise and after the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I'd now like to introduce Chief Financial Officer, Jason Liberty. Mr. Liberty, the floor is yours.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will soon become our Vice Chairman; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I'd like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance, and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency basis. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow with a recap of our first quarter results, provide an update on the booking environment, and then provide an update on our full-year and second-quarter guidance for 2018. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Jason, and good morning, everybody. It's been a great first quarter, and it looks like it's going to be another great year, so I'm really happy to be able to talk a little bit more about it. I do admit that last year was such an exceptional year that there may have been some slight trepidation about our being able to beat it. Fortunately today, we're really encouraged by the outlook, and we're looking forward to beating even last year by 16% or so. In fact, we're not only feeling very encouraged about 2018, but also about the potential for the longer-term future. Now, last year was somewhat unusual, as the demand from our key markets was pervasively strong. There simply weren't any, or virtually any area of weakness. This year is actually following a similar pattern, but there are a few more puts and takes. For example, sailings out of Puerto Rico are a little weaker this year due to the hurricane perception and to logistic issues in San Juan. Our original guidance for the year anticipated most of this. But regardless, last year was so strong that it's hard to be too disappointed about where we are. On the other hand, demand for European cruises continues to accelerate, even above last year's enviable strengths. These types of aberrations are very typical and they show the true benefits of having a diversified, global sourcing platform and going to over 500 destinations. Overall, our revenues for the year are looking to be even better than we expected. Onboard revenues have been particularly strong, while ticket revenue is generally in line with what we thought. I'd like to point out that our operating costs are also up a bit over our original expectations. As we've said many times, we manage the company to maximize the bottom line, not the middle line. We have identified some specific steps, which we think will increase our future revenue, and we're incurring a small amount of additional costs to realize these expected benefits. Personally, I view that as a highly worthwhile trade-off. Now, while we're pleased that this year continues to be so solid, we really focus on the implications of that for the longer term. We focus heavily on the supply/demand balance for our industry, and that balance continues to be robust. The popularity of cruising continues to grow, and we take a lot of comfort from what we're seeing on the demand side of that equation. I'm well aware there's a lot of focus on the supply side of the equation and that's appropriate. But the demand side is just as important, and as I've discussed in the past, something which we are fortunate to be in a position to impact in a nice way. That's why we're so encouraged by the growing power of our individual brands, as well as the success we've had with our new ships, with our price integrity program, with our non-refundable deposit structure and with so many other initiatives across the enterprise. People continue to gravitate towards vacations that give them experiences and memories and our cruises do precisely that. In addition, our exceptional Internet capabilities, which continue to lead the industry, allow our guests to share these memories with others on social media. I attribute some of the recent healthy growth in demand to our success in the social media environment. Our social media teams really are doing an amazing job. At the same time, we have recently been revealing more and more about our new products. You're all familiar with Symphony of the Seas that just started operating in Europe; Azamara Pursuit, which is coming out later this summer, also in Europe; the new Mein Schiff [1], which starts operating in May; and Celebrity Edge, which will start towards the end of the year. The public reaction to Symphony of the Seas was surprising, even to us. Even though she's the fourth in the amazing Oasis class series of ships, she has so many new amenities and attractions that our guests and the media were simply blown away. Rarely has a sister ship received such press and rarely has it been so deserving of it. I'm sitting here across from Michael Bayley, and I can tell you that his face is still beaming from the inaugurals. At the same time, Lisa Lutoff[-Perlo] and I recently visited Celebrity Edge, which is under construction in France. We've been overwhelmed by the level of interest that this new ship has generated. It really is staggering to see how much talk there is about such a ship, so many months before she delivers. I'm very happy to report that she justifies all the attention, and I think people will be very impressed when they see her later this year. Now, moving onto another topic that addresses the needs of our customers. This year, we're also amping up the short Caribbean getaway. In past calls, you've heard me talk about changes in consumer preferences and the importance of being able to respond and to adapt quickly. One good example of these changes is that we're seeing more and more people opting for shorter, but more frequent vacations. We are responding to that call by modernizing the Mariner of the Seas, which is one of our Voyager class ships. And we're raising our game in the short cruise market with this upgraded vessel. At the same time, we also announced a major upgrade to our private destination in the Bahamas at CocoCay that we are calling, appropriately I might add, Perfect Day. Perfect Day and that destination will be another great addition to our Caribbean offering. It's really thrilling to see the work take shape, and I'm certain that this destination will get tongues wagging just as much as our new hardware has done. So as 2018 develops in such a very constructive way, we're highly focused on 2019, which is also shaping up to be a very exciting year indeed based on the strength of our brands, the enhancements to our destination offerings, exciting technological innovations and the continued focus of our people. With that, I'll turn the microphone back to Jason. Jason?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Richard. I will begin by talking about our results for the first quarter of 2018. These results are summarized on slide 2. For the quarter, we generated adjusted net income of $1.09 per share, which is approximately $0.14 higher than our guidance and approximately 10% higher than same time last year. Net revenue yields were up 4.9% for the quarter, which is 165 basis points higher than the midpoint of our guidance. Ticket revenue was better than expected. The main driver of the positive variance in yield was continued strength in onboard revenue, which was up 6.3% for the quarter. This result is notable considering that it follows an 8.9% improvement from the first quarter of 2017. As I've mentioned over the past couple of quarters, guest spend from onboard activities has continued to shift towards areas that involve experiences over buying things, and this quarter was no different. Beverage packages, specialty restaurants and Internet were the main revenue streams driving the quarterly beat. Net cruise costs excluding fuel per APCD were up 11.2% for the quarter, which was slightly above the guidance driven mainly by timing. Depreciation, favorability and outperformance from TUI Cruises helped contribute to the earnings beat in the first quarter. On the shareholder return front, we repurchased $275 million in shares during the quarter, completing our share repurchase program from last year, and paid $128 million in dividends. Now, I'd like to update you on what we are seeing in the demand environment. On our last earnings call we shared that Wave was off to a very good start and that we were booked ahead in both rate and volume. Those trends continued for the remainder of the Wave period fueled by strong demand for each of our brands and core itineraries. The 2017 Wave period was the strongest in our history and 2018 has been even better. As a result, we remain booked ahead from same time last year in both rate and volume. The booking window has continued to extend and Q2 to Q4 continued to book in line with our January guidance. Four of our brands are welcoming new ships in the fleet this year and Symphony of the Seas, Celebrity Edge, Azamara Pursuit and TUI Cruises' Mein Schiff 1 are each outperforming the rest of the fleet in their respective markets. Demand for Symphony has been strong since we opened the European season for sale, and increased further upon her delivery a few weeks ago. Prices for Symphony have not only exceeded our lofty expectations, they've also been even better than we saw from Harmony last year. Edge will join Celebrity's fleet at the end of the year and has been enjoying very strong demand at very high prices. Outside of our smaller Azamara and Galapagos ships, Edge is our best booked ship for 2019 from both a load factor and price perspective. We just took ownership of Azamara Pursuit and following a major modernization, she will begin sailing in Europe in August. But despite opening for sale a year later than her sister ships, Pursuit's European sailings are already booked at comparable load factors. Our very successful German joint venture TUI Cruises will take delivery of new Mein Schiff 1 next month. Demand for TUI Cruises' brand is exceptionally strong and continues to accelerate as they further expand their destination offering. Now, I'd like to provide you an update on what we're seeing in each of our core products. The Caribbean accounts for just over half of our full-year capacity. In 2018, the Caribbean will feature more Cuba sailings than last year, and an inaugural winter season for both Symphony and Edge. The Caribbean was very strong in 2017, which has provided for a difficult year-over-year comparable. However, demand has been strong, and bookings have been trending ahead of same time last year. European itineraries account for 17% of our capacity and have been receiving consistently strong demand. As a result, the product is booked ahead of last year at record levels. Trends for North America have remained particularly strong, which not only results in higher ticket prices, but also increased onboard spend. Asia-Pacific itineraries account for 17% of our 2018 capacity, and had a particularly strong first quarter with nice yield growth in Australia, China and Southeast Asia. These itineraries are in a good book position for the year, with China trending well ahead supported by our efforts to expand the distribution in the Chinese market. Overall, the booking environment for Q2 through Q4 remains very strong and in line with our previous expectations. If you turn to slide 3, you will see our updated guidance for the full year 2018. We expect net revenue yield growth of 2% to 3.75%, an increase versus January guidance due to the outperformance in the first quarter. Our expectations for Q2 through Q4 remain essentially unchanged. From a cost perspective, we are anticipating net cruise costs, excluding fuel, to be up approximately 2.5%. The updated cost guidance reflects our decision to further invest in demand-generating activities and consider some ships related to our joint ventures that were previously expected to benefit operating costs and will now be reflected below the operating profit line. Since our last call, the dollar has strengthened versus our basket of currencies. The combination of a stronger U.S. dollar and higher bunker prices has negatively impacted our earnings per share guidance by approximately $0.10. We expect fuel expense of $678 million for the year and we are 50% hedged. Based on the current business outlook I previously described, along with current fuel prices, interest and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $8.70 to $8.90 per share, $0.15 higher than our previous guidance. Before I move onto the second quarter, I'd like to reiterate the guidance we gave on the last call regarding our yield cadence for the year. Our yield improvement is expected to be higher in the first and last quarter, particularly due to drydock timing, an earlier Easter, tougher summer comparables and the timing of new hardware. Now, we can turn to our guidance for the second quarter, which is on slide 4. We expect net revenue yields to be up 1.5% to 2% for the second quarter. Strong net yield growth of 11.5% during Q2 2017, plus the timing of Easter, made for a tougher comparable year-over-year. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up approximately 5%. Costs for the quarter are impacted by more drydock days and our decision to increase our investments in demand-generating activities. Based on current fuel prices, interest and currency exchange rates, and the outlook expressed above, our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter are expected to be in the range of $1.85 to $1.90 per share. With that, I'll ask our operator to open up the (00:16:50)
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Go ahead please.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, good morning. Hello.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Good morning.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. So a few questions. I wanted to kind of unpack the comment that you made both in your press release and in your prepared remarks just saying that your second quarter through fourth quarter is basically in line with the previous expectation. Now, we know that the booking curve is out far, you did say that 2018 is better than 2019. So I'm just wondering, is that something – like a performance that you would have expected? Or is it kind of hard to expect upside when you have the booking curve this far out?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. Well, the booking curve, I think, is always a factor in this. But I think when you look at your commentary first in the first quarter, some of the things that we were implementing early on in the year actually took faster than we thought. And so we were better in the first quarter on the onboard revenue side, but we had expected those onboard revenue activities to kind of pick up Q2 through Q4. And so the ticket environment, which we had commented on, for the first quarter, was basically as we expected, it was a little bit better and those trends have really continued. Of course, we expected the year to be strong based off the booking activities early on in the year, and that has been pretty consistent for the balance of the year to date. And so I think our commentary is not something more to read into, except that the year, on the ticket side, is pretty much behaving how we had expected it to.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And can you just talk about – you said that the demand in bookings were better in the Caribbean. Can you talk about the pricing environment? And if you can, just kind of call through like what you're seeing in the Western Caribbean versus the Eastern. That would be helpful.
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi, Felicia, it's Michael. Yeah, demand has been strong and we're booking ahead of same time last year in the Caribbean, so we're quite pleased with the performance. When you look at the differential between the Southern, Eastern and Western, as we'd commented earlier, Puerto Rico has been slightly sluggish. But then the Western Caribbean and other itineraries have been performing particularly well, including the Cuban itineraries, which we've almost doubled capacity into Cuba this year. So the balance of things are quite good. And then I think it's also worth pointing out that when you look at the Caribbean overall, I think it's about 51% of our total capacity in the Caribbean in 2018. The numbers by quarter are quite different. So Q1, over 70% of our total capacity was in the Caribbean, and we had a pretty good quarter as we've just announced. As you move into Q2, it drops down to the mid-40s, and then Q3 just below 40% and Q4 around 57%. So the environment is fairly good. It's meeting our expectations. And in fact, the last couple of weeks, we've seen quite a lot of strength in our bookings for Caribbean.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's super helpful. And just final, Jason, on housekeeping, we're just getting a lot of questions about some of the costs, accounting changes and moving stuff with the JV. So maybe you could be more specific about that?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. I mean, in terms of the geography, it's really more – first off, our JV has continued to do exceptionally well and there are just – there are some small favorability that we had estimated would benefit us on the cost line, but we're actually going to be accounting for it below the line.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And is there – like you said, is that your choice or is that kind of more of an auditor kind of advice or is...
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: No. Well, it's a combination of choice and also that's the appropriate way to account for it.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, all right, great. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You got it. Thanks Felicia.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley from UBS. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks. Two things I wanted to ask about. One is the higher expense from the revenue-generating activity or demand-generating activities. Can you give us a little color about what that might be, just so we can think about the timing because sort of typically you would think about, if you're just spending on like increased TV ads, you'd expect that to maybe impact booking in the same quarter. And so just wondering if the demand-generating spend is focused on something that will impact bookings today or is it more something like a few quarters out? And I do have one other question.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Sure. So on the demand-generating, there is lots of different things that we're choosing to invest in to improve demand and attract high-value customers, which are certainly on the rise. Now, keep in mind as we are heavily booked for the year, and so a lot of this will help influence 2019 and beyond. But again, it's – I wouldn't go into anything specific yet, except to say that we think that there is a opportunity to continue to accelerate the attraction of high-value customers, and that's what we're looking to invest the money. But again, we're talking about – this is a small amount of money.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: And so it sounds like basically you're saying, you're not spending that. You're not having to spend more to hit the yields that you had guided. This spend is really for sort of next year's yield, is that...
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. This year, there's – I mean, obviously, there's – you can influence it on the margins, but it's much more about 2019 and beyond.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: That's great. Thanks. And then just wanted to ask about the onboard activity, which you mentioned is driving a lot of the upside here. Is that actually people spending more when they get onboard, deciding to spend more? Or is this all part of the fact that you're pre-selling it and selling it as part of the initial ticket package and pre-selling all this before they actually board? I'm just trying to get a sense of whether it's sort of that you're – it's maybe a package and you're sort of accounting for some of it as those things? Or if it's people getting onboard and getting out their wallets then?
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi Robin, it's Michael. It's both. I mean, obviously, we've been really pleased with our pre-cruise sales, and we've seen a significant uplift year-over-year that's been increasing for the past couple of years, and it's a big driver of onboard spend. I mean we kind of figure that if we – for every dollar that we earn pre-cruise we'll see somewhere between a 30% and a 50% uptick in the onboard spend. So it's a really positive environment. And then of course over the years we've invested quite heavily in new venues and new attractions onboard of our ships and many of those are revenue-generating. And we're beginning to see a lot of those now yielding superior revenue because of the kind of services that they provide. So it's really in the combination. And then I'd say the third element is, as we'd mentioned, people really are seeking experiences. So our Internet has been really selling very well. And then of course things like shore excursions, et cetera, we've seen a significant uplift there.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Robin, it's Richard here. Good morning. I'll just add, you're focusing, as I understand, clearly on sort of the marginal change. We're looking at all these things together and more as a total revenue at the margin. But you've also put your finger on something as Michael says, this, the pre-booking is a real advantage. It increases the spend. It also increases their satisfaction. So it's across the board, it's a terrific thing to do. But there's not only the cost associated with the specifics, but there's also the cost of the technology. And we think that is paying off over time this year and next year. But there's no question it's a cost. We think it's a cost that quickly pays for itself.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. No, that's very helpful. And I just think it's helpful to think about how the expense is not really – it's not that you're needing to spend more to maintain your yield guidance. So that's helpful to think about that as being kind of for future. Okay. Thanks.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Great. Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Beckel from Bernstein. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yeah, thanks for the question. Just wanted to drill into the Caribbean environment a little bit. I think it was two calls ago and maybe the last call you mentioned that there was a period of softness after last year's hurricanes. I'm just curious, have you made up that period of softness as of today? And also wanted to confirm, I think Michael said that you are ahead in all parts of the Caribbean or just the Caribbean as a whole? And then I have a follow-up.
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Yeah, hi, David, it's Michael. Yeah, we're ahead overall in the Caribbean. I mean we've got obviously a lot of product in the Caribbean, in different parts of the Caribbean. So as usual, the story is mixed across different products. We had commented earlier that the product out of Puerto Rico was softer. Of course, it's only one ship that we have full year operating out of Puerto Rico in the whole portfolio of ships. Western Caribbean, after the hurricanes in September, Western Caribbean performed extremely well, while Eastern Caribbean was sluggish. And then we did see a period of quite a few weeks where it took time for the Eastern Caribbean to start coming back and the same with the Southern Caribbean. It's also worth pointing out that during that whole period, I think we'd mentioned it previously, if you look at those three storms that blew through in September, it was very unique and it really impacted negatively about five or six ports out a total of around 60 ports. So there's plenty of product and itineraries that are being opened for sale and have done very, very well even during this period.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: And, David, the other point that I wanted to add, because I think it's important just to add on to Michael's comment about us being in a strong year-over-year book position in the Caribbean, I would also consider that we have a significant increase this year with – in the short product area with Mariner coming in. And that's a much closer in booking product. So for us to be in a position of strength in combination with the closer – in booked type of product like the short Caribbean, really kind of, I think, is a testament to the strength of our position in the Caribbean today.
David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. That's really helpful. And as a follow-up, I wanted to ask about close-in pricing. This is the first quarter in a while that I can remember where that wasn't called out as a surprise to the upside. Is it because you're getting better at forecasting future sort of close-in demand and any upside there? Or is the curve now sort of lapping itself in terms of the extension and the amount that you can push close-in pricing going forward?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, I think as it relates to close-in pricing, obviously, we very much focus in on behavior of the past. And so how we have – those behaviors in the quarters, especially over the past four to six quarters where we saw strength in close-in, that's something that we would be accounting for in how we look at our book position and as well as our guidance.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. David, I would also say, I kind of share your view. Last year, we were really constantly surprised at how strong the year turned out. And so I think we kept saying during the year, it was an exceptional year. And we think that this has been a very strong year, but I think we are not seeing the extraordinary pleasant surprises that we had last year.
David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning. So I want to ask – I know everybody is kind of harping on the Caribbean. I want to ask just a little bit differently, maybe a little bit more straightforward for Jason or Michael. But I guess a simple question is if you removed Symphony, Mariner, Edge from your portfolio, would like-for-like price in the Caribbean still be up year-over-year for all four quarters?
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: That question is exceptionally difficult to answer because, of course, as one ship comes in, we redeploy other ships. So there's a lot of movement of deployment to accommodate ships that we put into specific products during specific times. So I'm not sure that's an easy answerable question. I can tell you that when you look at our deployment in the Caribbean in 2018, we're obviously excited about the fact that Symphony of the Seas is coming in, in the fourth quarter. And I think as we'd previously mentioned, Symphony is knocking it out of the park in terms of booking. I mean, it was doing exceptionally well before we introduced it. And literally, one little statistic, the week after we introduced Symphony of the Seas, our bookings beat track by 50%. That's the week after we introduced the ship. So it's really performing well. It's coming into the Caribbean, and it's coming into our new terminal, Terminal A. And then of course, Celebrity Edge as well. To Jason's comments about Mariner – Mariner is, we're very excited about Mariner as a product coming into the shorts market, and that's very much focused on new-to-cruise and millennial, and that really is the on-ramp for that market. That ship is literally like having an Oasis class ship in the short product market because its capacity is just over 3,000, 3,200, 3,400 every three or four days, and the sweet spot for Mariner is just coming up. So we're about three months away from launching the ship into the shorts market, and already sales are good for that product.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Got you. Thanks for that color. And then the second question would be around buybacks. You bought back $275 million first quarter. You exhausted your repo program. And I guess the question is now, you continue to execute – continue to produce pretty good results and solid results. And obviously, looking to your stock today, it's not really working. So how should we think about you guys, right now not having a repo program in place and kind of the capital deployment plan you guys see?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. Well, thanks for calling – qualifying our performance as pretty well. Yeah, but...
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'll change that to great.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Steve. So on the capital deployment basis, I think that you're going to continue – so first off, it's always something that is at the discretion of our board, whether or not we continue on with a share repurchase program. But we have generally believed that a mix of shareholder returns should include the performance of the business, i.e., to the share price, dividend growth and also repurchasing shares opportunistically. There is nothing I would say that would say that we would change that behavior at this point in time.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks, I appreciate it.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman from Wedbush. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my call here.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Good morning.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: I think we've touched around the edges on a lot of this, but I was hoping we could maybe address the two major bear cases head on. I guess, first, and obviously, this isn't the first time you've heard any of this, but the notion that Caribbean capacity accelerates particularly in the third quarter. Obviously, we've got guidance for 2Q, but I think the bigger concern this year is 3Q. So I guess to the extent you feel comfortable, any data points or anecdotes about Caribbean pricing once capacity there really accelerates. You gave us sort of the phasing of guidance, 1Q and 4Q the best, 2Q and 3Q not as strong. I don't know if 3Q is expected to be worse than 2Q, but any data points on that front would be helpful. And then as we think about 2019, obviously, the bear case there is that global capacity accelerates. Pretty difficult to disprove that in April of 2018 that that's going to be a big negative on yields. But I guess as we think about that supply-demand, we know that supply is going to accelerate, is there any reason to think that demand will accelerate next year to match it? And if not, should we assume that yield next year – I mean, obviously, I don't expect guidance from you guys, but on an industry-wide basis, this notion that yields are going to be worse next year than this year, is that a valid assumption or do you have any thoughts on that?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. So first just on the question on the Caribbean side, obviously, we've commented about being in a strong book position and also with bookings accelerating for the Caribbean. I won't get into specifically by product what our book position is, but what I will tell you for the third quarter is that we are in a strong book position on both a rate and volume basis. And so we – yes, we understand where the supply is. I think people should consider our dialogue around the booking window having extended for a period of time, us being in a very strong position of strength at the turn of the year. And so we've obviously been anticipating the supply that has been coming in to the different regions and products of the world. But I would say that we are in a very good position for Q3. On the capacity side, I think that there – obviously, our commentary about the booking environment is what we're seeing, which would include sailings in the 2019 period of time though it's still very early, but the acceleration and the strength that we're talking about also reflects what we're seeing in 2019. I think when we consider demand, I think we've been pretty consistent about this, there are some very strong demographic shifts, there are very strong consumer trends of people buying experiences versus stuff. Richard commented in his script about the perception of cruise on the rise, and we think levers like social media and so forth are really helping break through stereotypes on cruise. And we have seen a real change in our new-to-cruise volumes. That's also suggesting that a lot of these past detractors are becoming fans of cruise. And also, we continue to focus on penetrating the different markets around the world. We're expanding our footprint each and every year and penetration in all those different markets. So we think there's a lot of reasons why you investors and us are very excited about the future demand of cruise. And of course, we need to make sure that we're managing the booking environment and the consideration of the supply that's coming on in different quarters and in different years.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: That's really helpful. And then lastly for me, I was hoping you could touch on Cuba. When Cuba first opened up there was a lot of discussion about capacity constraints and infrastructure limitations. And yet, more and more sailing seems to be going to Cuba. I guess, how have you been able to do that? And as we look forward, obviously, there's been a leadership change in Cuba. Is there the opportunity for sailings to Cuba to continue to go up as we move forward?
Adam M. Goldstein - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi. It's Adam. Yes, we've been commenting over time about the fact that the Cuban market, first of all, has been a good market for us to enter. The customer satisfaction about Havana has been very, very high. But the reality is that there is still just one functioning pier that ships can go to on either side of the pier in Havana, there's going to have to be some type of considerable infrastructure improvement that takes place over the next several years. That will probably take time. I think what we've been seeing lately is that the Cuban government has gotten a little bit more efficient at maximizing the use of the pier on both sides, and our company has definitely been a beneficiary of that. We've been able to increase the number of sailings on a year-over-year basis, even though their capacity hasn't increased. They've just been better at getting our ships into the berth. So for what it is, it's been terrific. But in the overall sense of our portfolio, it's still fairly small. And we haven't seen any change whatsoever in their attitude towards us or their dealings with us as it relates to their change in government to this point.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, James.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian from Citigroup. Go ahead please, your line is open.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you. First, on China. Jason, did you mention that yields were positive in the first quarter? And then would you expect the trend to improve further throughout the year as compares get easier and you just have lessening capacity in the industry?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I did comment that China was quite strong in the first quarter. We didn't comment specifically in terms of what our yield guidance would be for China but we do expect yields to be up quite nicely in the Asia Pac area. And of course China is a contributor of that.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And in terms of the Med, could you differentiate between what you're seeing in the Eastern Med, the Western Med? And then I know you mentioned that Europe overall was strong and North American-sourced business, you called that out. I'm assuming European-sourced was – passenger demand was strong as well. How would you characterize the European-sourced passenger demand as well?
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi, Greg. Yeah, European demand for European product has been strong. And of course, North American demand for European products has been I would say even stronger. So it's so far it's a great season and it's looking like it's going to be good for the year in Europe. With regards to Western, Eastern Med, we are seeing – I think it was a couple of years ago with all of the geopolitical issues, there was a lot of capacity shift from the Eastern to Western and Northern. And over the past several months, we've seen an increase in demand and a shift with a lot of the Northern European tour operators in terms of taking people to Eastern Med destinations. So demand is coming back. I think we see more stability in the region and I think that's translating into increased interest from our customers. We have started to slightly increase our capacity and itineraries into the Eastern Med. We've got some this year and we've got more next year and the demand looks good. And I think if we're lucky and the geopolitical situation stays stable I think the Eastern Med may be returning.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis from Nomura Instinet. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Hi. Good morning. Could you give us a sense of how much marketing spend is targeted still for this year or to what degree are you able to look ahead and focus on marketing in 2019 now?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Sure. Sure, Harry. So I commented on this a little bit earlier, but really – and this year is very well booked. Certainly, we can be influencing this year on the margins by increasing investments in demand-generating activities. But really what we're focused on is improving demand generation especially for high-value guests further out. So it's more related to 2019 and beyond than it is significantly influencing 2018.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Harry, it's Richard, just to add to that, coming back at I think a little bit you're covering some of the same territory that Robin covered. We think this is proving to be a very positive year. And it on its own is performing at least as well as we expected it. And overall, we've raised our guidance for the year. Our marketing, our technology investments, our other demand-generating investments are really generally fairly long-term kinds of things. And so I'll disabuse the notion that in order to keep the yields up, we've had to invest heavily in marketing. I think our focus continues to be long term. And again, I also want to emphasize, we're not just talking marketing with some of these things. The technology, we think helps us and will help us in the future, et cetera. So as Jason pointed out, this is a long-term kind of process. There are, of course – there's tactical marketing and strategic marketing, and we try and keep that balanced. But this is not a response to anything other than what we think is in the best long-term interests of the company. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we're actually feeling pretty good about 2019 and the future. So I think we're a little bit surprised at so much of the questions on that topic.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: And I apologize for covering ground already covered, I've been jumping around between conference calls. So at the risk of doing it again, let me know if it's already...
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Harry, you don't have to apologize. The purpose here is to communicate as much as we can, and we welcome all opportunities to that.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Okay. Thank you very much. I did have one other quick question is relating to you guys calling out the strength in your onboard spend and the renovation-driven results there. To what degree has your fleet been renovated to the extent that you intended to, as it pertains to improving onboard spend? How much more is yet to go?
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Well, Harry, we recently announced significant upgrades and modernization programs both for Celebrity with Celebrity Revolution and Royal Caribbean International with Royal Amplified. For Royal Caribbean, we're literally taking all of our Voyager, Freedom class, and in fact, Oasis and Allure and putting them through significant upgrades, modernization, et cetera, which includes elements of adding features, attractions, venues that will further stimulate onboard spend. So if – to answer the question in terms of a percentage, I don't think I could do that. I think our focus is always the balance between generating improved Net Promoter Scores and guest satisfaction, but combining that with improving revenue by taking every opportunity that we think is going to do that for us.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: And, Harry, your question actually gives me the opportunity to amplify a point that we've made before. The industry has proven its ability to respond to consumer needs. So some of the things that Michael is talking about that we're doing at Royal, that we're doing at Celebrity, that we're doing at Azamara are – and our other joint ventures are really responses to the way peoples' tastes have changed, their desires have changed, and it's paying off for us. So I think this actually gives me a chance to reemphasize this point. We're evolving. We're evolving as an industry, and we're definitely evolving as brands within Royal Caribbean. And that evolution, that upgrading of our product that we're offering, both in terms of the standard things you think about, the food, the entertainment, et cetera, but also the other kinds of memory-producing activities, experiential activities. We really think that's the kind of thing that has been driving and we think will continue to drive increased demand. And that's why we tend to focus on the demand side of the supply-demand balance.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: That does it for me. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Harry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder from Wells Fargo. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. I'll maybe look at a couple things here, or maybe, hopefully, a little different angle. But back in November at the Analyst Day, you talked about – Michael, you mentioned, I think especially with Symphony of the Seas, that you had virtually focused the marketing of that ship almost solely via social media. So I guess, can you give us an update in general how your marketing is, percentage-wise, shifting to social media, whether that be with Edge, whether that be with Pursuit, whether that be with Symphony? And then also, your millennials, as a percent of your total guests now versus where it was a year ago, three years ago, any update there?
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Tim, if I gave you that information, my entire marketing team would be really unhappy with me. I would say that we have made a journey over the past couple of years from traditional to digital marketing, and it's been fairly significant and we continue that journey. We think that there is better targeting and it's a more efficient channel. And certainly, with our social media presence, we believe that we've maneuvered ourselves into a really strong position in our space. And in fact, we just recently conducted an independent survey of where we are positioned in terms of the social media universe. And we came out of it exceptionally well in terms of how people view Royal Caribbean through that lens and how they're engaging with Royal Caribbean. We're also seeing that with the response from onboard Internet and how people are using the accelerated Internet to utilize social media to actually promote our brands, which has been really quite effective. So it's a good channel. It's also a channel that is, obviously, preferred by the millennial and obviously new-to-cruise. So it's a great channel to activate that group. As it relates to new-to-cruise millennial, very much the strategy that we've started to reveal in terms of the modernization of Mariner of the Seas and putting that ship into the 3- and 4-day product, combining it with our significant investment into a Perfect Day CocoCay and the kind of experiences that we're creating with Perfect Day, when you combine Mariner, modernized with all of the new features that we're adding to that ship and how that ship will operate in that market, along with the Perfect Day CocoCay, we really think that's going to be an accelerated on-ramp for new-to-cruise and millennial. And of course, marketing programs are pushing that heavily through social media. So I can't really give you numbers. All I can tell you is that we're aggressively moving in that direction and we are seeing very positive results from those actions.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Could we surmise that some of this increased spending or a majority of it is directed in that vein?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I would say that the focus of that spending, again, is more longer term, as Richard noted. Certainly, some of those elements would be to further enhance our connectivity and marketing to segments like the millennials.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then two last ones here. Related to 2019, do you – or should we think about you're purposely – just as maybe as a little bit of a hedge and given the capacity coming, that you, the industry are putting on extending the booking curve a little bit to get that – build that base a little bit faster. And then on the Caribbean, in particular, how do you feel you're performing there given the product you have there this year relative to the industry?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, I can't comment on the industry as it relates to what others are doing relating to their booking curve. We are, and have been, proactively managing demand and using our sophisticated yield management tools and the consideration of the supply that's coming forward to continue to put ourselves in a posture for success. I do think that the product that, especially our Royal Caribbean International brand, is offering in the Caribbean because, obviously, it's a very large percentage of their capacity, is certainly leading in its offering and that's why we continue to see very strong demand. If you just look at the demand for Harmony and Symphony, and as Michael commented, on Mariner, just kind of core new products into the Caribbean, it's been quite exceptional.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you, gentlemen. Congratulations.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian from Wolfe Research. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Michael, I just want to follow up on something you said earlier in the call. I think I heard you say that in the last couple weeks, you've seen quite a bit of strength in Caribbean bookings. Can you just elaborate on that? Is that an acceleration from what you've been seeing? And is that Puerto Rican and Eastern Caribbean itinerary, is it specifically for Edge or Symphony or is it something else that's driving that?
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Yeah. Obviously, we manage against the track and we're constantly calibrating that track in terms of expectation of volume and rate and revenue, et cetera, by product and by brand. And obviously, we're constantly engaged with that performance track and a lot of our investment marketing decisions are based upon that performance. And this of course is interesting when you see things like the 1,000-point drop in the stock market at some point. I think it was a few months ago. You can see the curve drop a little bit as people concern themselves, obviously, at what's going on with the stock market and it soon returns. But over the last couple of weeks, yeah, we've seen strength above our expectations for the past two weeks on all of our Caribbean products and we've also seen that in the Southern and Eastern Caribbean.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: That's interesting. It's very helpful. Thank you. And then I just want to revisit the close-in discounting and pricing integrity topic. I know that this has been an initiative. But as this winds down, I'm wondering if this could potentially explain why the close-in yields didn't surprise to the upside this quarter. So where do you stand with your price integrity initiative now? Is there still some discounting that's going on? Are there still certain markets where this is happening? We'd love to just hear an update.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: This wasn't an initiative that had a short timeframe. It was a program and we're continuing on it. We think it hurt us in the short term and helped us overall. It's hard to measure these things, but I personally think it's continuing to help us. In fact, I think I called it out in my comments. And we are continuing it. We're continuing not to make exceptions. We continue to discount. I mean, I want to be clear, we've always discounted and that's a part of a normal process. What the program says is we won't add any new discounts in the last 30 days, and we're sticking to that. We think it's been successful. We think it will continue to be. And it's not that the initiative has run its course, it's that it's in place and it will continue to be in place.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then just one last quick one for me. How much of a tailwind to yields are you expecting when Celebrity Edge comes online?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I'm sorry, I didn't hear the question on the yield side.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. The question is, how much of a tailwind to yields does Celebrity Edge add when it comes online? I guess maybe to ask it differently, what kind of a premium does Celebrity get to your system average and then what kind of a premium is Edge going to get to the Celebrity average?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Well, Celebrity is definitely higher than our average in terms of its yield performance. And Edge is – again, it's a brand new ship in a fleet that has not had a new ship in many, many years, so demand is exceptionally strong. So it is certainly higher than the Celebrity average by quite a bit. I would just keep in mind that really the benefits from Edge are really going to help us in 2019, as there's only a few sailings that will take place in 2018, mainly in the month of December.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You got it. Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Vince Ciepiel from Cleveland Research. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for fitting me in here at the end. I just had a quick question on the guidance. So it sounds like fuel FX was a $0.10 headwind, but there is a $0.15 raise. So is it fair to say things are about $0.25 better on a core basis versus where you thought about the business 90 days ago? And then within that, it seems like other income and the JVs are performing better. Is that a significant part of the raise?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. So thanks, Vince, and thank you for pointing that out. That's exactly right. If FX and fuel were what they were at the time of our January guidance, we wouldn't have raised by just $0.15. We would have risen by $0.25. Certainly, the JVs, both TUI and Pullmantur are doing quite well and they are definitely a part of the contribution. And effectively, those things are basically – we're kind of offsetting the increase in our costs that we updated here at the time of this call. So, yes, they're basically offsetting that. And so that $0.25 raise is really relating to the Q1 beat. And then of course, the FX and fuel lowered that down by $0.10. So it would have been $0.25, but it's $0.15.
Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks.
Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: And then I don't know if it's been mentioned yet, but the SkySea joint venture, could you just talk a little bit about your thinking there. I think it was announced in March that that ends at the end of the year. What went into that decision?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. I think that there was an opportunity. Obviously, we are a minority shareholder in that business and there was an opportunity to sell that ship to actually TUI AG. And it was just decided that we were going to move on from that venture. It actually will help us quite a bit in the forward years as TUI Cruises will hold on to Mein Schiff 2 for the coming years, which will further improve our profitability outlook for 2019 on.
Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Okay. You got it. Thank you for your assistance, James, with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow-ups that you all might have, and we really wish you all a great day and appreciate the interest. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason Liberty - CFO Richard Fain - Chairman and CEO Michael Bayley - President and CEO, Royal Caribbean International
Analysts: Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Felicia Hendrix - Barclays David Beckel - Bernstein Research Greg Badishkanian - Citi Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Robin Farley - UBS James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet Jaime Katz - Morningstar Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Royal Caribbean Cruise Line's Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen only mode and the floor will be opened for your questions, following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Jason Liberty, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics on a constant-currency adjusted basis. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow-up with a recap of our fourth quarter and full year results, for 2017, and then I'll provide an update on the current booking environment and we will end with full year and first quarter guidance for 2018. We will then open up the call up for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everybody. It does feel good to be able to provide some color on our results of this beautiful 75 degree day here in Miami. You know for the last three years you have heard me talk repeatedly about the double-double and I must admit that it feels very good today, to formally say that we have accomplished what we committed to do three years ago. Our earnings per share have more than doubled to $7.53 and our return on invested capital is 10.5%. These figures are $0.75 and 50 basis points better than our targets. Our company worked very hard to achieve the double-double and now we’ve done it. The feeling is very fulfilling and I want to thank each and every member of the teams that reached these aggressive goals.  I also think it's important to emphasize that while the EPS and ROIC targets were essential goals of the company and the program, our aspirations were actually much higher. In order to reach such inspirational goals, we had to raise our gain in many, many areas. We need to increase the preference of our brands earn in the market place. We needed to upgrade our already excellent revenue management systems. We needed to upgrade our onboard product, we needed to reduce our energy footprint and we needed to upgrade the caliber and engagement of the men and women who produce these results. We also used the double-double program to strengthen our credit metrics achieving investment grade and to return capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks.  Because this achievement would not have been possible without the passion and the commitment of our people the company has decided to give them a surprise reward. Every one of our 65,000 employees will receive a bonus equal to 5% of their salary. We're calling this a thank you-thank you bonus. It will be in the form of equity grants, investing over three years, thereby giving every employee a stake in the company's future. The program also includes major upgrading of crew [ph] facilities and recreation areas. Our people are what make our business. We wanted to show our appreciation in a tangible way and we wanted it to reach every employee regardless of level of the organization.  Today's announcements also addressed another issue that needs to be considered, we're looking at the program like the double-double. There is always an inevitable risk that such a program could motivate a management to favor short-term expediency over long-term value. Ours is a long-term capital-intensive business and we simply can't afford short-term decision making. Our announcements today with respect to forward prospects demonstrate clearly that our work over last few years has enhanced not to practice from our longer-term prospects. We believe that our double-double efforts have not only helped us reached these specific targets which created a cultural vision that position us to jump head with our 2020 vision.  Speaking of which, our indicators denote that we're heading into another record year, we're currently booked ahead of last year in both load factor and rate. Now you may recall that a year ago I said and I'm quoting, my senses at the booking window have stretched as far as we will ever want and I don’t expect to announce another record level bookings a year from today. Well I wasn’t terribly accurate, here we are a year later and we're announcing another record level bookings.  Notwithstanding my prediction, our revenue mangers concluded that the market is so strong that we could eek out yet another increase and that having this much book would help us raise our prices as the year progresses. However, my overall sentiment from last year still applies. We manage the booking curves to maximize revenue and I feel and I predict that next year we will choose to leave more available for bookings during the coming year.  Now Jason will provide more detail on our expectations for 2018. But we believe our strong forecast looks like the power of our brands. Recent trends have been particularly strong for North America, Europe and Asia Pacific itineraries. These trends coupled with strong onboard spend are position the company for another year of the yield growth. Having said that it's also important to note that we are still early in our wait period and we are up against particularly strong year-over-year comparables. Based on all of this we expect yields to increase probably in the range of 1.5% to 3.5% in 2018.  Now it's also important to look at the cost side of the equation. As we estimate that our net cruise cost excluding fuel will be up 1.5% to 2%. Last year on one of these calls, we were asked the following question, quoting the cost performance has been really exceptional, any thoughts about your ability to continue to find things to cut and also whatever inflation that you have.  Now at that time we answered that we've not been in a professional state of cost cutting, but in fact our cost performance reflected our culture of continuous improvement and innovation. However, and thinking about this important topic, we realized that this is actually very complicated and it has many variables impinging on it. For example, many of our expenses are directly linked to driving revenue but they are not necessarily linked in time to the revenues that they generate. For instance, we grew just marketing expenses in the fourth quarter of last year and are doing so in the first quarter of this year because our marketing people thought that would be the most impactful way through spreading it over the year.  Another example would be our investments in our people a big investment here and in new technology. In both cases we've spent money in 2017 and we will spend money in 2018 and we don’t expect any of those expenditures to have a significant benefit until 2019 or 2020. Such cost and timing of cost can drive any one-year assets out of line with past or future trends, but we still think that the result is very much in our investors' best interest. In fact, we continue to remain overall such low level of cost despite our very aggressive revenue enhancing investments I find to be very encouraging.  Now as I noted in our last call and we said earlier, we are experiencing very strong demand for our product driven by among other things, changes in consumer preferences that don’t necessarily particularly relate to us but we benefit from them. Those changes also call for us to respond and adapt quickly as we look to position ourselves as a leader in travel.  This past November some of you got a glimpse of the kind of innovations we are pursuing in order to make the whole cruise vacation as frictionless as possible. We are rolling out an unprecedented WAVE of digital innovation, touching every aspect of our business and focusing on the overall guest experiences.  Consumers are buying experiences, they are not buying things so we are creating vacations which are rich in made to order and memory making moments. The technological transformation also encompasses many areas beyond simply the guest experiences including innovations to make our ships more energy efficient, enhanced ship management and put connectivity in the hands of our crew members.  As consumer preferences change, we are also enhancing our product offering by increasing our experientially focused itineraries. This past November, celebrity cruises unveiled the celebrity flora a stunning new ship delivering in 2019 designed specifically to operate around the Galapagos Islands. In March we take delivery of the spectacular new Symphony I'm always amazed that how our new building team keeps coming up with new ways to make these ships ever more impressive. Symphony will start operating in the Mediterranean and almost over to the Caribbean next fall. The excitement and therefore thankfully the bookings have been heartwarming. And by the way speaking of excitement, next fall Celebrity Edge will hurrying [ph] on your season. It's been extremely gratifying to see the extraordinary level of interest this ship has generated. We spent a long time since any new vessel generated so much anticipation, and I can tell you right here that all that attention is warranted. Actually 2018 will be the first year with three of our brands welcome the new ship, since SMR Club Cruises [ph] is also introducing their SMR Pursuit in the summer. This year we are also kicking off a transformational fleet upgrading program, for Royal Caribbean International it's called Royal Amplified and for Celebrity Cruises it's called Celebrity Revolution. These programs will expand our lead in terms of brand preference with both active cruisers and the new generation of cruisers. We are redefining the experiences that drive choice, guest satisfaction and ultimately revenue.  With respect to our Caribbean itineraries last month we also added more capacity in Cuba with now two ships sailing to the island, Majesty in the Seas and Empress of the Seas. We also added two new destinations. Now looking at other accomplishments important to our business I wanted to share with you the Royal crew men has again been recognized as one of the world's most ethical companies by the Ethisphere Institute. This is an organization that measures corporate ethical standards and promotes best practices in corporate ethics. Ethical leadership is an important part of our worldview and we greatly value this honor.  In summary, 2017 was a phenomenal year. Double-double is done and we have now all our focus on delivering a successful 2018 and hence our 2020 vision. Now with that I get to turn it back to Jason. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. I'll begin by taking you to our results for the fourth quarter of 2017. These results are summarized on Slide 2. For the quarter we generated adjusted net income of $1.34 per share being the midpoint of our guidance by $0.17 per share. Our yield increased 3.9% for the quarter which is 165 basis points higher than the midpoint of our previous guidance. Better-than-expected closing demand for our core products and continued strength in onboard trends drove the outperformance.  On the cost side bet cruise cost excluding fuel were in line with our guidance up 8.7% for the quarter. Better fuel consumption, fuel rate and a weaker dollar benefited the quarter by $0.04. In our continued efforts to return capital to our shareholders we repurchased $100 million in shares in the quarter which was on top of the $128 million in dividend that we declare for the quarter.  I will now discuss our full year results, which we have summarized on Slide 3. To summarize our revenue performance for the year strong demand for our North American and European products combined with increase spend on, on board experiences help offset challenges from the redeployment of our Korea sailings and the unprecedented impact from the 2017 Hurricane season. As a result, we generated more than $.6 billion in net income resulting earnings per share of $7.53 which exceeded the midpoint of our latest guidance by $0.16 and our January guidance by $0.53 per share.  This result marks the fifth consecutive year of double-digit growth and earnings per share. Net revenue yield increased by 6.4% exceeding the midpoint of our November guidance by 40 basis points and our January guidance by 140 basis points. On the cost side, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, were up 2% which was in line with our previous guidance. Before getting into the current booking environment, I will touch on double-double. In July of 2014, we set our course to double earnings per share and reached double-digit return on invested capital by the end of 2017.  To achieve this, we said that our formula for success would include mainly growing yields effectively managing our cost and modernly growing our business. To the unWAVEring execution of this formula, we’ve successfully surpassed our double-double targets. As you can see on Slide 3, our earnings per share for 2017 are $7.53 per share which is $0.75 better than the double-double EPS targets we set in the middle of 2014.  We also delivered an ROIC of 10.5% which is 50% better than our double-double target. Over the same period the company successfully returned to investment grade, delivered EBITDA margin is over 40%, increased our dividend by 140% and repurchased $725 million in shares.  A stronger dollar and numerous geopolitical activities provided strong headwinds throughout the double-double period. However, the strength of our brand, the resiliency and diversification of our sourcing and deployment model, our unWAVEring cost and capital discipline and most importantly our world class work force successfully let us through the headwinds to over deliver on our targets.  As we pivot towards our three-year financial target under our vision, we will continue to employ our formula for success in combination with enhancing the guest experience and employee engagement and remaining set fast in our commitment to the environment. These factors will lead us to achieve double-digit earnings while improving on ROIC.  Now I'll update you on what we’re seeing in the demand environment. Booking volumes exceeded prior year levels for the past three months and we once again turn the year in a record book position. The critical WAVE period is upon us and is off to a very good start with booking trends above same time last year.  Last year's WAVE season was incredibly strong, so we're encouraged that bookings are trending even higher this year. As a result, we're booked ahead of last year in both load factor and rate.  The strength and demand we've been seeing for the past couple of months has been particularly evident in North America with bookings up nicely for sailings on both sides of the Atlantic. As we discussed on the last earnings call, growing bookings were relatively soft for the six weeks following the hurricanes. Trends normalized in November and had been in line with our expectations since then.  First quarter Caribbean sailings were on a very strong book position before the storms, recovered relatively quickly afterwards and are currently ahead. Our Asia Pacific itineraries have also been trending well. About 17% of our deployment is in this region split between Australia, China and Southeast Asia itineraries. While these products are important for our success for the full-year they are particularly influential on the first quarter where they count for 27% of our capacity and are collectively booked well ahead of last year in both rate and volume.  I'll finish with a few comments on booking trends for the upcoming European season. Demand for both Mediterranean and Northern Europe selling's has consistently surpassed our expectations with all key source markets booked nicely ahead of last year in both rate and volume. As you would expect symphony overseas is gartering significant premiums but APDs are also up nicely for the rest of the fleet.  In regard to 2018 capacity each of our brands were welcoming new ship into their fleet this year, Royal Caribbean International will welcome Symphony of the Seas in April, Azamara Club Cruises will introduce Azamara Pursuit in August, Celebrity Cruises will introduce Celebrity Edge in Fort Lauderdale in November. These additions will result in a full-year capacity increase of 3.9%. The introduction of this new hardware as well as our ongoing efforts to optimize itinerary mix has resulted in some changes to our deployment in 2018. Caribbean itineraries will account for just over half of our full-year capacity and will include more quality Cuba than in 2017 in an expanded program in the northeast and inaugural winter season for both Symphony of the Seas and Celebrity Edge beginning in Q4.  We will also welcome Mariner of the Seas back to South Florida market mid-way through the year after she repositions from Singapore and undergoes a significant modernization during a six week drydock.  With Mariner transitioning back to the North America to make way for Spectrum of the Seas arrival in China in 2019 our Asia Pacific capacity is decreasing year-over-year and will account for 17% of our total inventory.  And finally, we are building on a very successful 2017 European season with 17% of our capacity in this region in 2018. Symphony of the Seas will spend her inaugural summer season in Europe replacing Freedom of the Seas in Barcelona and Azamara Pursuit able debut in Europe towards the end of the summer.  Taking all of this into account if you turn to Slide 4, you will see our guidance for 2018. We expect net revenue yield growth of 1.5% to 3.5% for the full-year which makes 2018 our ninth consecutive year of yield growth. The yield improvement is coming off of an extra ordinarily strong 6.4% increase in 2017. Strong demand for our core products, new hardware and continued growth and experience driven onboard revenue areas are expected to drive the yield improvement.  On our November earnings call I mentioned that factors such as drydock timing and earlier Easter and tougher comparable during the summer will likely result in more yield growth in the first quarter and fourth quarters than on the second and third quarters. This is still our expectation.  Net cruise costs, excluding fuel are expected to be up 1.5% to 2% for the full-year. The main drivers behind the increase in this metric are investments and the guest experience and revenue generating activities, additional drydock days related to our upgrade programs and the lapping of some benefits from hardware changes.  We included $675 million of fuel expense for the year and we are 50% hedged. Based on current fuel prices, currency exchange and interest rates we expect another record breaking year with earnings-per-share between $8.55 per share and $8.75 per share and therefore another year of double-digit EPS growth. Now I would like to walk you through our first quarter guidance on Slide 5. Net revenue yields are expected to up in the range of 3% to 3.5% for the first quarter.  First quarter yields benefit from additional drydock days, the earlier timing of Easter and the year-over-year benefit from hardware changes. Net cruise cost excluding fuel are expected to be up approximately 10% for the quarter, somewhere to last year the cadence of expenses for 2018 are not linear. With the first quarter weighing heavily on the overall increase in the cost metric. The increase in the quarter is mainly driven by the timing and scope of drydocks related to our ship upgrades together with the lapping of the benefits from hardware changes. Taking all of this into account we expect adjusted earnings per share to be approximately $0.95 per share. With that I'll ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: First question is around at the yield guidance for the year and you guys have said in kind of a so-called normal year, you think yield growth should be about 2% to 4% meeting a midpoint of 3%. Obviously your 2018 midpoint is slightly below that at 2.5%, so I guess the question is, is that 2% to 4% range still in play long term? And I guess the second question would be if you didn’t have such a strong fourth quarter which made the year-over-year comparison that much tougher, would your midpoint have been closer to that 3% range and I hope all that makes sense.
Richard Fain: Thanks, Steve. So first just to kind of address the 2% to 4%. I think that fairly represents on how yields have grown over the past four years and so it's tough to say that's how we will see it going forward but we do expect our yields to grow moderately. Your math is exactly right. Obviously Q4, the acceleration in close and demand and the better performance and on board increased our yield performance for the full year, by about 50 basis points. And of course, that increased the base and so mathematically our yields for 2018 if not for that acceleration would have been at a midpoint of 3%.
Steve Wieczynski: And then second question still about your yield guidance can you give us a thought about maybe how that breaks down in terms of how you're thinking ticket versus on board, the on board continue to grow really nicely and I guess what we are just looking forward is maybe some color on how you view that this year?
Richard Fain: On the onboard side obviously, some of that onboard revenue include some of the packaging that goes on when we go-to-market and might include something like beverage or shore excursion or something like that, I would say that we expect onboard yields to trend slightly higher than ticket this year which has been a similar performance relative the past. But some of that just to stress again it's just a geography of the accounting of us selling that package some of that revenue gets recorded in onboard versus ticket.
Steve Wieczynski: One quick final question I guess around the Caribbean, there are clearly some concerns out there that the Caribbean has starting to see some softness pickup in kind of 2Q and 3Q. And given your prepared remarks I didn’t really hear too much of that. So, can you may be just address some of those concerns that are out there? 
Michael Bayley: Hi, Steve its Michael. I mean I think, we're feeling pretty good about the Caribbean as Jason had commented earlier after the hurricanes in September, we saw that softness for about four to six or seven weeks but that recovered and picked up and we're in a good book position for Q1. And overall we're feeling pretty good about the Caribbean for '18.  We’re fortune because we've got Symphony of the Seas coming into the Caribbean towards the end of the year, we have also got celebrity edge and we're introducing Mariner of the Seas after an extensive modernization and revitalization and we're putting that product into the short market, so that’s quite a lot of volume that’s coming into that market but we're actually very excited about what that products going to do, this bookings very well and still outside of its typical booking window because it’s a short product. So overall, we're feeling okay about the Caribbean. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. 
Felicia Hendrix : Richard, now your hurdle's even higher on the vision 2020 given the double-double. 
Richard Fain: Thank you, I'm not sure I should thank you for that but I think we're well aware of it. 
Felicia Hendrix : I just wanted to commend management as a whole on the recognition of your employees through the thank you-thank you, that was impressive. 
Richard Fain: Well deserved. 
Felicia Hendrix : Michael maybe we could just stand Caribbeans for just one moment understanding that Royal Caribbean has introductions of ships and revitalizations and all that kind of stuff that might set you apart. Just trying to may be triangulate what companies see versus what we hear from the trade and I think there has just been this consistent commentary that recently there's been a bit of a lull in Caribbean bookings as people might be differing, there decision to go to the Caribbean. So, despite the fact that you guys are potentially well positioned, have you been seeing that on the margin more recently?
Michael Bayley: No, obviously we're coming off a very strong 2017 and when you think about the WAVE in 2017, it was really a strong WAVE. And our WAVE for 2018 has been stronger than '17, so we're feeling pretty good about what we're seeing in terms of both the rate and the volumes of bookings that are coming in. I think when you look at capacity overall certainly for Royal, capacity skewed more towards Q3 and Q4 because that’s where we got Mariner coming into the shorts market and symphony coming online into the Caribbean and of course Celebrity Edge. But all three of those products are in a good place and with, as I said before we're quite excited about what those products are going do for us.  So, we’re not seeing that, your comments, we’re feeling pretty good about Caribbean. 
Jason Liberty: Just to add one point, just more kind of broadly in our commentary around our book position, being at a strong book position also means that you have less inventory to sell and so some times when you are doing some of those channel checks, the volumes may not be what we are looking to fill because we are in a stronger book position, so the volume can sometimes be lower.
Felicia Hendrix: Well I can just say that’s a segway to my next question but I'd love to hear what you are about to say.
Jason Liberty: Well I was just going to say that there are occasions sometimes when a new product enters into the market and sometimes from competitors and they may have some challenges initially and you may see some fairly aggressive pricing going into the market. I mean that can be disruptive but it's very localized, so that maybe that's what you are hearing or seeing.
Felicia Hendrix: Do you want to be more specific on that?
Jason Liberty: No. But I would add just one other point, just also will always be mindful that when we are sourcing guests for our products that sourcing is happening globally and so again some of the trading activity might be taking place more a different market other than the local markets that you guys might be checking.
Felicia Hendrix: And then maybe can you guys just help us understand how booked you are for this second and third quarter in the Caribbean?
Jason Liberty: I would just comment that we are well booked for the year.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, and then Jason can we just talk about project Excalibur for a moment. If I understand correctly that's going to be rolled out to 50% of your fleet this year. Is that fact giving you some of the optimism for onboard this year that you highlighted in the press release this morning?
Richard Fain: No, I don’t think we think that it will have that immediate impact. We think it's simply part of the overall growth of the business obviously and also it tends to be a little bit back-ended as the rollout works well and it gets accelerated so I think actually we are thinking that is more something that will help us longer-term rather than have an immediate impact this year.
Felicia Hendrix: And just housekeeping, just the drydocks accelerated this year is '19, how should we think about drydocks?
Michael Bayley: On the drydock side it's more of a normal year, I mean very similar to what you would have seen in '15 and '16 and so I would expect going forward for us to have a similar drydock schedule to '18 mainly driven by the upgrade programs that we are planning.
Richard Fain: If I can actually come back I just want to say I didn’t want to suggest that I wasn’t incredibly excited about what Excalibur is going to do and I really think it is going to transform -- you've seen sort of mark-ups of it. I think it's going to be fantastic but I think it will take a little while for us to rollout and so the public to see just how exciting it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Beckel of Bernstein Research.
David Beckel : So, I just want to circle back to annual guidance if I could and I want to know if my math is wrong here but in 2017 if you were to remove the benefit of Pullmantur I believe your guidance for next year at the midpoint is implying a pretty steep deceleration at the midpoint and that's just like very strong global macro backdrop, potential increase in demand for the U.S. and after normalizing for hardware potentially even growth lower than inflation. So, I'm wondering one, if I'm missing something there and two, were there any sort of extraordinary demand drivers in 2017? You mentioned tough comps but it is a growing business that may not be expected to repeat in 2018.
Jason Liberty: Yes, so first the impact from Pullmantur was 125 to 150 basis points in our '17 yields. So yes, 2.5% is lower than your 4.5%. But I don’t think we look at this at all as deceleration. I think we look at this as a compounding off of a very strong 2017. I think the thing to keep in mind on the yield side is that your averaging up and averaging down as that business is coming on and I think as we pointed out through the course of all of last year you pretty much had everything on the ledger outside of Korea and the Hurricanes walking your way and that is not a typical year, its typically we talked about in the past like a stock portfolio of products in markets that you do better as expected and sometimes not as expected but in a given year. And I think again the acceleration that we saw in 2017, and not for that acceleration in the fourth quarter your yields would have been closer to the midpoint of 3.
Michael Bayley: David its Mike, I would just like to add that contrary to deceleration on demand drivers I think what we've seen is an acceleration of new to cruise coming to our brands and we feel pretty good about the kind of results that we are generating with our new to cruise strategy that we started to execute a couple of years ago. So, we are seeing a very good improvement in that segment.
Unidentified Analyst: And as a follow-up I wanted to know, it sounds like you might be pulling the curve back a little bit year possibly but I was also wondering part of the double-double program was installing a price integrity, program on short-term discounting. Now that double-double's been achieved are your willing to revisit that policy at all going forward?
Richard Fain: Absolutely not, and I'm glad you asked, because the -- remember as we kept emphasizing, the double-double wasn't to be a finite period of time it was -- help galvanize everybody in the company to work in a certain direction. And the price integrity program was a part of that and we think the benefit keeps growing over time. So, the price integrity program has been a big success for us. We've been fairly religious about executing against it, and we continue to expect to do that.
Michael Bayley: Just to add one more point to this on the price integrity, we introduced several months ago nonrefundable deposit pricing program for the Royal brand and that has proven to be also very successful for us. So, we have a significant percentage of our 18 bookings are in this non-refundable category which means that we will see significantly less share in our bookings as we move through the calendar year for '18 and then to '19.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian of Citi.
Greg Badishkanian: I think did you mentioned that during way price was also up during that same period and then bookings you said were up.
Jason Liberty: That’s correct, we are up on both a rate and volume basis.
Greg Badishkanian: And for 2019, I don’t know if it's too early to ask this but how that looks, how much you’re typically booked at this point and particularly as it relates to Richard's comment that he doesn’t expect the booking curve to be as lengthen as it was coming into this year a nice surprise for your last two years, but are really well booked for 2019. 
Jason Liberty: So how you started off was correct that it is too early to talk about 2019. But I think what I would say is, is obviously with assets like Symphony of the Seas coming in or full year of that ship edge coming in, there is a lot of excitement and demand for those assets which have a strong part of our 2019 picture. 
Michael Bayley: Great just to add to that to Jason's points, we also opened deployment for Royal Caribbean International for 2019 four months earlier than we typically do. So, the small relatively small number but our book position for 2019 versus 2018 same time last year is significantly further ahead but there aren't very small base numbers because we open so much early for '19. 
Richard Fain: And Craig I just like to follow up on the question of the booking curve. Because one of the things I like to emphasize is, we really determine what the booking curve is, it's really our revenue managers who decided whether they want to take more bookings now or save their powder for later on. And they are making a decision, Michael at least or Larry have to choose exactly how they want to ramp up.  And probably I don’t want to give the impression that the bookings are so strong, that the booking curve got longer out, it's really looking at all the factors our people felt that it should be a longer-term booking curve. And my guess is that next year, even if it’s a stronger year, they will want a slightly shorter booking curve but that’s a decision we make rather than something that is determined based simply on there is enough demand and so we book up ahead. So, if at the end of this year, we actually end up saying we want or we have fewer bookings for the following year but at higher prices, that wouldn’t be necessarily a negative sign. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Scholes of SunTrust. 
Patrick Scholes: My question concerns your various regions, if you think about in relation to what you gave for your net yield guidance, where would you place your various geographic regions, what would be at the higher end of the range, what would be at the lower end of the range?
Jason Liberty: We don’t obviously provide right yield guidance by market but I think some of the things that you would have heard in my remarks is strong demand from North America on both sides of the Atlantic, so meaning effetely Europe and on North American products seems to have very strong yield trend but overall, we're expecting yield improvement in our core products. 
Patrick Scholes: Okay fair enough and then as we think about 2018 as the year progresses, how should we think about the net yield growth candace by quarter. 
Jason Liberty: Also as I comment on, the expectation is that Q1 and Q4 yields will be higher than in Q2 and Q3 yields and some of that is as comparable to our yield growth in the second quarter of last year was about 11% that quarter had Easter in it this year Q1 has Easter in it so there is some of those structural elements of it but that's the expectation is that it's effectively a smiley face fine Q1 and Q4 and lower than Q1 and Q4 for Q2 and Q3. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian of Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: Can you give us the first quarter yield guidance excluding the benefits of the drydock?
Jason Liberty: We don’t give that specific breakdown Jared in terms of what's -- there is lots of things that are driving the differential in the quarter but certainly one of the drivers we had called out was that coming from the drydocks which has already APCDs in a rolling yielding period. 
Jared Shojaian: Okay so let me try asking it for the full-year than of the 2.5% yield guide can you just tell us how much of that is coming from same ship yield growth and then maybe how much is new tonnage related or anything else?
Jason Liberty: It's about half and half so half is coming from the new hardware changes for the year and the other half is coming from like for like business improvements.
Jared Shojaian: And then do you expect your yields to be up in every single quarter this year and would you expect yields to be up in every single geography as well?
Jason Liberty: I'm not going to break it down by geography but we do expect our yields to be up in each quarter this year.
Jared Shojaian: And then just one quick last one for me. If the higher CapEx guidance is that just the function of the weaker dollar and I know this is a record CapEx year do you expect to be free cash flow positive this year just looking at up cash and CapEx and would you still buyback stock regardless.
Jason Liberty: So, the main driver on the CapEx increase is the weaker dollar and I think as it relates to share repurchase or just returning capital to shareholders the more of the guide for us is maintaining our net-debt-to-EBITDA on staying kind of within the 3 to 3.5 zone and so points that are lower than that will be opportunity to lever above and beyond any additional free cash flow that we generate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva of Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: Congratulations on a great end of 2017 and that will double. I had one question which I never thought I would be the one to ask. Ships ex-China you've reduced capacity there but there seems to be continued reduction in price including when we compare to the post South Korean ban or advisory. Is that because capacity continues to be absorbed, is there anything structural that we can look forward to including more divide the business that could change that trend?
Michael Bayley: Capacity is down for the industry in China overall which I think for first year and then number of years the capacity is down. Capacity for Royal of us is down probably because we move Mariner slightly early than we had originally planned to put it until the show market but we are not seeing pricing down for our product in China, in fact current book position contracted cash down is significantly stronger than the previous year.  So not quite sure what comparables you are looking at in terms of pricing, it could be maybe the -- I don’t know but it could be contracted pricing before the Korean situation, which certainly was higher before the South Korea situation hit, and then of course there was a lot of renegotiations last year as a result of South Korea that dropped the pricing down. But overall for Royal in '18 we are in a good book position and we are feeling pretty good about where market is going, of course it's China. So, every year China is a gifted that gives, so we were always aware of that but it's currently looking quite good in China.
Assia Georgieva: And again, that is not that market that I find to be the most transparent of all the ones that I…
Michael Bayley: Exactly.
Assia Georgieva: And you are giving me a very good Segway and maybe I can ask Jason so, Mariner is going to go through what I seem to think is 36 stages, right out of the drydock before it enters the Caribbean and that is going to affect Q2 we also have pursuit being in drydock. Should we expect similarly to Q1 to have a decline in APCDs and the higher cost level because of those two pretty significant drydocks?
Michael Bayley: Yes, the Mariner is of other drydocks that are going on but the fewer APCDs are relative to the absolute cost is a key driver for the cost increase in the first quarter as well as you know Richard's comments around timing of sales and marketing activities and those type of things.
Assia Georgieva: And again, to some extent having Mariner out and in drydock should that help yield if you are looking at the same store basis Q2 '18 versus Q2 '17 which was a fantastic quarter. Do you think that Mariner being out of service in Q2 is helping yields somewhat this year because it's another vessel?
Jason Liberty: Yes, it helps a little but it's not going to be the main driver of yield growth for sure. As I said most of the yield growth was coming from hardware and like for like improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: I know you have addressed a lot of questions about the guidance and how things are shaping often. Maybe I'll just ask sort of one more clarification, not because we are picking up on weakness I don’t think that’s the case but just maybe to address the concern. Can you comment on whether bookings for the Caribbean during WAVE you said overall bookings have been up in price and volume, is that the case for the Caribbean specifically? Or is the situation just that you have so much [indiscernible] maybe it can't be up in volume but maybe that will be helpful for people to hear?
Jason Liberty: We are not looking to give commentary specifically product by product but we are -- as I have said in my commentary we are quite encouraged in terms of the booking volumes in pricing across our core products and I think to your latter point Robin that’s exactly right as our need is less overall and so if you are hearing some of that noise, some of that is volume need that is less and also potentially sourcing from other markets. But I just want to add, I mean, I think as Michael commented, I mean, we're feeling positive about the Caribbean and we appreciate that there might be some channel check concern that’s out there. Our trading overall is just doing quite positive. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman of Wedbush Securities. 
James Hardiman: I guess the feeling to answer to this is either really difficult or really early but is there any evidence whatsoever that the recent tax cuts are going to stimulate demand from your customers, if you talk to the various travel agents, is there anything that’s showing up there, that would be helpful. 
Richard Fain: Hi James, nothing really but certainly we feel in the sense of the consumer confidence is in a really good place and we feel that really globally across many markets but that’s just the confidence that I think is coming through in people's vacation decisions and how they are buying up products. But nothing directly related to tax cuts. 
James Hardiman: Got it and then secondly here, obviously the dollars weakens pretty meaningfully over the course of while but certainly over the course of the last month, do you think that could potentially be an on board benefit for you, jog our memories here, your Europe customers are flexing for the most part in U.S. dollars and that should in theory help and over a number of years we were worried about the dollar going in the other direction help us understand that the potential impact of the dollar weakening here. 
Michael Bayley: James its Michael, I think that’s right, it's a great point and its correct. I think as the dollar is strong then we see a little bit more softness in the international on both spend and as the dollar weakens we see a little bit more strength but it has no material impact to the American customer. So that’s right we will see an uplift because of that. 
James Hardiman: Got it and then I guess lastly from me, Richard you have some comments in the preamble about net cruise cost and how the timing of cost doesn’t necessarily sync up with expenses. May be dig in a little bit more on that, help me understand the one and half to two for 2018 on top of about 2% growth in 2017. Is the point that is out of line with what the normal is or is the point that that’s the new normal. And I guess as we look forward, should we expect after some really fantastic years, where cost was down in some instances. Is this more sort of the normal in terms of what we would expect and you touched on the new fleet upgrade program, does that play any role in 2018 long-term in terms of the net results. 
Richard Fain: No that wasn’t what I intended to convey. I think rather than say that that cost was likely to be higher, it was likely costs were likely to be bumpier, I think that’s a theme that we had before, people look at the fourth quarter and the first quarter and I think my comments were specifically focusing on the quarter to quarter type numbers. And cost is bumpier whether we do a drydock or we do a special bonus for our employees or whatever it is, it will distort particularly when you look at individual quarters and I think overall, we've continued I think, we've got a very good culture at a stage of people being careful about those costs but not so much being obsessed if saving money is going to cost us in revenue. So, I wasn’t trying to communicate anything other than it was bumpier and I think I was mostly focusing on a relatively high number for the quarter both in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter.
Michael Bayley: And again, just add to that I think just to keep in mind that it's now been several quarters where we had capacity declines and really now as we start getting into the back half of this year we're kind of again in that posture where we can take advantage of economy to scale as capacity improves which has been kind of one of our levers on cost management.
James Hardiman: Well let me ask you this way if I may. You had a couple of years there where net cruise cost were down 60 basis points, last year it was up 200 basis points. I'm struggling with what the normal cost increase that is that we should think about it. Is it closer to that minus 60 or closer to the plus 200?
Michael Bayley: So, I'm not going to guide for '19 and '20 but I would say is that, I think we expect to behave and we've installed a culture to behave similar to how we imagined cost over the past several years. So, we don’t think '17 is a reflection or '18 is a reflection. We look at the period as continuing to effectively managing our cost and a lot of that again comes from taking advantage of innovation and taking advantage of scale as we manage cost in the forward-looking period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis of Nomura Instinet.
Harry Curtis: In your comments you referenced the acceleration of new-to-cruise strategy and the increase in your technology spend impacting 2019. My question pertains to the list in supply growth in 2019 and to what degree does this incremental tax spend focus on new-to-cruise, how does that help you get ahead of this incremental capacity coming in 2019 and what else are you planning to get ahead of it?
Michael Bayley: We've been shifting marketing investment, marketing, organization and expertise gradually an increasingly more aggressively over the past few years towards the different channel in terms of moving more digital and traditional and certainly we've seen the results of that in terms of the growth of our new-to-cruise customers coming to the brand so we are continuing on that journey.  So in terms of marketing investment more and more if our marketing dollars are going towards that channel rather than traditional and then off course our focus on social media and our whole integration in terms of our organization and our product into this kind of digital universe is going to be massively accelerated by Excalibur which really is going to take us to into the future and so we are quite excited about what Excalibur will deliver for our customers and for our business over the coming years so it's really part of the overall strategy that we have in place.  In terms of '19 overall with regard to capacity obviously we have been -- we are planning for the future and we have been looking at '19 and '20 for some time so we have the benefit of a very large and maturing global infrastructure. So that's one of the benefits that we believe we have overall competition in terms of our global footprint. And so, a lot of that capacity will be spread across our brands across our markets and most importantly across segments which is where we come back to our focus on new to cruise.
Harry Curtis: Do you feel like you need to lift your marketing budget ahead of the capacity increase in 2019?
Michael Bayley: You know what's interesting about the marketing is that digital is a lot more accurate than we believed in traditional. And so, we have a significant marketing budget and investment that’s pretty much related to our capacity and increasing capacity but what we are seeing is an improvement in the efficiency of that marketing investment over time because of digital, because it's a lot easier to track and understand the results that you are generating through digital versus traditional. So, I think it's yes, we are investing more in our marketing and yes, we are investing more as we look into the future but we are also seeing an improvement in the efficiency of that investment.
Harry Curtis: And then a quick one for Jason. The 80 million in the thank you-thank you, was any of that realized or expensed in the fourth quarter. If not, how do you see it being expensed by progressively throughout 2018?
Jason Liberty: So, some of was going to '17 and then most of it is a three-year grant that investor over the three years so it really spreads itself through '18, '19 and '20 but there are costs related in Q4 and the forward-looking periods.
Harry Curtis: And then the fourth quarter can you give us a sense of how large those costs were?
Jason Liberty: No, no.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime Katz: I'm curious how you guys are thinking about share re-purchases versus dividend given the run up in share price over the last year and whether you feel there is a more tactical road this year on reallocating capital in the year ahead?
Jason Liberty: I think our objective very much remains the same as we are going to continue to be opportunistic in repurchasing shares. We have over a couple of 100 million left in our share repurchase program but our point of view is to do it opportunistically over the period. But we do continue to believe that there should be a mix between our share repurchase and dividends.
Jaime Katz: And then can you just remind me, I think in the past you have talked a bit about on asset disposals and that the capacity growth that you guys have given does not include asset disposals. Do you have an idea maybe what that might be if you continue to tear back a ship a year? I think you offered those numbers at the November Investor Day?
Jason Liberty: Yes. That’s exactly right. we have on average, sort about a ship a year, and obviously depending on the size of the ship that could make a 5200-basis points impact on the capacity, fewer growth with a period. 
Jaime Katz: Okay and then lastly is there any commentary that you guys have on how you guys are reallocating the square footage on some of the revitalization programs that you're doing, are you taking out may be, some of the retail and putting in some other more activity-based opportunities to drive that onboard spend because it seems like that’s where the consumers are going. 
Jason Liberty: I would just say where we're constantly looking at, how to improve the guest experience as well as how to improve the performance of the ships on a per square foot basis. So sometimes that comes from us having cabin, sometimes that’s lease more onboard revenue and many times that’s just creating more fun activities for people to do whether that’s in culinary or other elements, so it's not a perfect formula except that, we’re just constantly revisiting it to see how we can enhance the experience and off course leave stability to enhance the yield. 
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Timothy Conder of Wells Fargo Securities. 
Timothy Conder : Whoever wants to take these, first a couple of clarifications, Jason the double-digit that you talked through 2020, was that EPS or earnings just to clarify that and then on the new to cruise, here Michael is that new truly new to cruise is that first timers on, RCL related brands. 
Jason Liberty: So, on the first one Tim, the double-digit is earnings were obviously already at 2.5% ROIC, so our goal is to continue to improve that ROIC metric and then for our earnings per share in 2020 to be double-digit. 
Michael Bayley: Hi Tim, it's new to cruise as in new to cruise, not new to brand. 
Timothy Conder: Okay, okay and then on the capacity what I wanted to ask here is, given the emission requirements tightened further in 2020, do you see the potential for second tier players to have a greater desire for ships that yourselves, Carnival, Norwegian, may sell? Would that have a longer life of that ship to make those emission investments. So therefore, could the secondary market get hotter and we see a little bit faster retirement over the next couple of years. And then related to that, how do you see the Eastern Med potentially rebuilding over the next couple of the years and the industry going back there. 
Jason Liberty: On the used ship market, it's possible that us having ships that can fulfill many of the eco regulations can make those assets more valuable. Yes, we will see how that comes to view overtime, so it's possible at this point, I wouldn’t say that a trend that’s out there. 
Michael Bayley: Tim, on the Eastern Med, I think what we're seeing is kind of stabilization and there is certainly an -- it’s a relatively small percentage of our total capacity, although in '18 we increased that number but from a small base and we are seeing a lot of the Northern European and European tour operators and returning to some of those Eastern Med destinations so with the stability, if it continues then I think we should see the Eastern Med and that coming back in the next couple of years.
Timothy Conder: Michael remind me isn’t that historically been one of the higher yielding reasons somewhere to Alaska and Northern Europe. 
Michael Bayley: It's done very well for us in the past.
Michael Bayley: Okay, thank you, for your assistance with the call today and we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow-ups you might have and we wish you all a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's Royal Caribbean Cruise Line's fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Adam M. Goldstein - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International
Analysts: Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jaime Katz - Morningstar, Inc. David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Royal Caribbean Cruise Line's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jason Liberty, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. Joining me here in New York are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filings as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial metrics, which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant-currency adjusted basis. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow with a recap of our third quarter results, provide an update on the current booking environment and then provide guidance for the full year and fourth quarter of 2017. I will then close with our early thoughts for 2018. We will then open the call up for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Jason, good morning, everyone. It's been an eventful quarter and certainly an eventful year and as always, I am pleased to give some commentary. I'll start by commenting on the unusual set of hurricanes we experienced this summer. I know that most of the country has moved on to other things, but this was such an unusual and such an impactful set of storms that I need to comment on it. Firstly, I would like to emphasize just how unique this series of storms was. It's highly unusual to be hit with five major hurricanes in a row under any circumstances, but these storms were unusual for another reason as well. Each of these storms followed a path that exactly matched our major trade routes. Somehow these storms seemed to know exactly when and exactly where to hit to cause the most destruction and the most misery. The devastation was heartrending. You can't look at all the damage without feeling the pain our friends had to bear and are still experiencing every day. For us, we have estimated that the direct cost of the storms was in excess of $55 million. That makes it by far the most expensive hurricane season in our 45-year history, but we and they are resilient. You can see how hard our friends in the Caribbean and Texas and in Florida have worked to return to normalcy. They have worked tirelessly to rebuild the homes and the communities that were so devastated. Communications in the Caribbeans are now greatly improved and water has largely been restored. We can attest to the living without electricity is a trial, but the situation is getting better every day and is now mainly a problem in the rural and residential areas. Fortunately, everyone seems to appreciate just how important tourism and especially cruise tourism is to the economic recovery that will be so critical going forward. The government and the local people are highly focused on bringing the tourism infrastructure back up to snuff. They know that tourism continues to be the economic driver that will speed the recovery effort and they have pushed us to reinstate our calls as quickly as possible. The travel agent community has also been a very positive force in this effort. They can get the word out better than anyone else and they have done so yet again here. I've had a chance to visit some of the hardest hit areas and I am very impressed with the progress they are making. We resumed operating cruises from San Juan almost a month ago and we returned to the destination as a port of call later this month. This Friday, we returned to St. Thomas, where our partnership to restore and enhance the iconic Magens Bay has already produced dramatic results. St. Maarten has been rapidly rebuilding and we will return there in just a few weeks. Overall, I am happy and frankly very impressed to report that the tourist areas, where our guests go, are largely back to their original state. While many residential areas that were damaged are still under repair, the tourist areas that we visit suffered less damage and have mostly been cleaned up. I am also proud of our industry's response in providing humanitarian assistance to this area. Their needs are so great that our impact is necessarily limited, but it's good to be able to give back a little to the region that has been our partner for so long. I'd like to thank our employees, who worked so hard during this challenging period, in many cases, having to do so while dealing with their own exposures at home. The logistical issues were daunting. For example, we had to make more special working (06:14) arrangements in just the month of September than we would normally expect to do so in any normal three-year period. We had to reroute ships, make new provisioning arrangements and communicate with thousands of nervous travelers. Our team did it all smoothly and efficiency. Hats off to them. As an aside, having spent time looking at the situation in the Caribbean, I am convinced that the Caribbean countries that were hit will emerge down the road stronger than they were before the storms. It's going to be a tough slog to get there, but get there they will. There is clearly a determination, not only fix what was destroyed, but to rebuild better than ever. Cruise tourism will undoubtedly be one of the drivers of that resurgence and we, at Royal Caribbean, intend to be a constructive force in that process. I'd like to turn now to the impact of the storms on our bookings. Obviously, the hurricanes interfered with our normal bookings in the area. During the several weeks of the storms, Caribbean bookings dropped precipitously, both for the hurricane period and for the period beyond. None of that is surprising, but what is surprising is how quickly our bookings in the period recovered. The drop-off in bookings was very rapid, but the recovery was also rapid. Today, virtually all our bookings in the region are back to pre-storm levels. There are exceptions, but these remain outliers. Now, this pattern of rapid recovery has implications well beyond just these storms. We believe that this unusually fast recovery may actually be a reflection of an important cultural change. We've noticed a significant change in the way people in general seem to respond to unusual events, whether those events are weather, geopolitical acts or something else. Years ago, a bad incident would have a strong and a lasting impact. Whenever something happened, our bookings would fall and they would stay down for an extended period. People seem to call curl up in a ball and obsess about whatever the issue was. It could and it did impact bookings for a really long time. Even after the event left the front page, people would persist in focusing on it. Eventually, they would move on and bookings would recover, but that process seemed to take forever. More recently, we have seen a much more sanguine response. Instead of the incident lingering for a long time, the recovery seems much quicker. People seem to be more apt today to see such events as ordinary with little impact. The events still aren't normal, but they are seen as less relevant to the broader audience. In effect, the public appears to become inured to such one-off events. They're still interested in the event and concerned about it, but people seem to continue living their lives with less change. They move on. From a societal point of view, I have to say that it's discouraging that we've reached such a point. It's distressing that incidents are now so common that society seems to have formed a thicker skin towards them. On the other hand, as a response to the actual events, it's probably more constructive if society doesn't allow such things to interfere with our normal day-to-day existence. From a purely commercial point of view, this cultural shift is very helpful. It's much better for us if the negative impact of such incidence is so much more fleeting than in the past. Against this background, we are extremely pleased and frankly a little surprised that we are still able to stay within our EPS guidance for the year at a range of $7.35 to $7.40 a share. Indeed, a couple of months ago, when we upped the midpoint of our guidance to $7.40, we thought that we were being reasonably aggressive with our forecast and we certainly didn't expect that we would be raising it anytime soon. The fact that we have been willing to able to withstand a $0.26 hit from the storms and still achieve this level of profitability reflects how strongly the market is performing this year. It's also nice that this performance has allowed us to reach an interesting milestone. Our Double-Double program continues to produce the forward momentum we were hoping for. Indeed, it is exciting and gratifying to note, as [Technical Difficulty] (11:06) press release that we've already achieved Double-Double for the 12 months ended September 30. Specifically, for the last 12 months, our earnings have been more than twice our 2014 EPS and our ROIC exceeded 10%, all this three months ahead of schedule. As you know, the purpose of the program was to galvanize our 67,000 employees to all pull in the same direction. I am overwhelmed by how well our teams responded to the program and I'm extremely grateful for their efforts and initiatives to make the Double-Double so successful. Now, we won't declare victory until 2017 is over, but the very strong energy created by the Double-Double program has been a home run for us. We want to see that energy, that passion, continue indefinitely. Since this is the final year of the Double-Double, we wanted to develop a program that leveraged the culture and the discipline instilled by that program while also including a broader set of goals. As suggested in earlier calls, these goals are focused more on the drivers of success than only the outcomes. We're calling this new journey our 2020 Vision. The 2020 Vision program calls for further improving our brands' already-excellent guest ratings, calls for raising employee engagement scores and it calls for achieving the sustainability commitments made with the World Wildlife Fund. These drivers should help us achieve double-digit earnings per share by 2020, while further improving our double-digit return on invested capital. We see 2020 Vision as our guiding focus for the organization over the coming years. Now, shifting back to the consumer environment and the current booking environment, I'd like to comment on another important consumer trend. The very strong year we're having is, of course, partially due to a strong economy and to the high level of confidence that appears to be prevalent among consumers. However, the trend also reflects a significant shift in the way cruises are viewed by the public, a shift which has been building for a long time. On most of these calls in the past, we've discussed the supply/demand curves for the cruise industry. Usually, the focus of that discussion has been very much weighted towards the supply side. Implicitly, the demand side of the equation was used almost as a given. As a result, we rarely talk much about demand and focus more on supply. I think that misses an important part of the equation. So, today, I want to comment more on the demand side of the equation, because we're experiencing some very real changes there and those changes on the demand side are important to our future. The first point I want to make relates to a phenomenon that seems to be impacting consumers generally. You've all heard me comment in the past that people seem to be more interested today in buying experiences than buying things. 5 or 10 years ago, I probably would have cited Samsung or LG as a primary concern of ours, because people are so focused on buying new TV sets or new appliances or whatever. More recently, the focus has decidedly shifted to people looking for experiences, in particular, experiences for the whole family. This shift in the way people vacation plays beautifully to our sweet spot. I believe that we're experiencing the benefits of that shift today and it's partially the reason that we're doing so well. Another factor is that while societal norms have changed, we also have changed to accommodate. Over the years as people's habits and tastes have changed, we've shifted our product to take advantage of these new consumer buying practices. For example, in the 1970s and 1980s, there was a dramatic shift in the way ships were designed and built. Instead of ships being designed as a form of transportation, we shifted to ships that were designed specifically for cruising. Our aspirations at the time were for ships to be more yacht-like. Now, that change really brought cruising into the modern era, but in the 1980s and 1990s, there was another change in people's expectations. The public's vacation desires changed and we needed to shift with them. We shifted our design focus from trying to be yacht-like to being more like hotels. We started to design ships with more spacious public areas, better outfitting and more amenities onboard. We wanted the ships to feel more opened, to have more things to do and to have more luxurious feel of a modern hotel. Our design metaphor changed from trying to seem like a yacht to feeling more like a full-service hotel. Again, that fit in nicely with trends and consumer interests and it resulted in better sales. Now, over the last decade or so, travel habits have further changed and our ship designs have shifted yet again. Consumers now want a more active vacation and more things to do and to experience. In response, we changed our design metaphor from trying to be like hotels to being more like cities. Today, our ships have more of the features of cities with a cornucopia of activities, amenity and design. We don't simply check the box with bars and restaurants and discos; we talk about designing parks and gardens and neighborhoods and quiet spaces. We model our medical facilities on urgent-care facilities. Our specialty restaurants compare to anything you will find on land. We have every stripe of nightlife. You can sail with us for seven nights and never experiencing the same things twice. And again, adjusting our products to suit the changing wishes of the consumer has paid off in a very nice way. Our guests really enjoy the broader choice in amenities that the new ships offer. And again, accommodating these wishes has resulted in improved demand for our product. At the same time, we have also focused on doing a better job of integrating the shipboard experience with the destinations and the cultural enrichment. Ironically, as we continue to offer more and more options for the guest on the ship, their appetite for new experiences off the ship has grown as well. We are taking many steps to satisfy this area too. And again, we believe that accommodating such desires drives improvements to our bottom line. The result of all this evolution has been that cruising and people's vacation habits have evolved together. Vacation habits have evolved over the years and we have evolved our offerings to suit. This has made cruising a more relevant and important vacation for more and more people, nirvana. Now, all of this change in consumers' vacation preferences and in our products has driven a major change in the way we view our customers and in the way our customers view us. This may be one of the more profound changes in our industry for a long time. To understand this profound shift, we have to look at historical approaches. For many years, old and outdated misconceptions about cruising were common in the population. Many consumers thought of cruising through the lens of outdated stereotypes. We, in the industry, often complained about the inaccuracy of such misconceptions and our marketing was geared to correct the image. This sense of not being properly understood pervaded our industry and profoundly influenced all of our communications. But then, a strange thing happened. The evolution of consumers' changing tastes and of our changing product converged. The prevalence of these old erroneous perceptions has waned. In effect, we have won the perception war. We have crossed the tipping point and we are moving beyond it. Yes, there are still many people out there who suffer from these old misperceptions, but their numbers are dwindling every day. Today, while this issue remains an issue at the margin, cruising has now firmly established itself as a relevant and a desirable vacation option for consumers generally. This is especially true as we look at the younger generation, who have embraced cruising as never before. For example, one independent study performed by the Harris organization asked people whether cruising is perfect for them or very good or whatever. In the last six years, the percentage of respondents who state that cruising is perfect or a very good fit has almost doubled. Even more exciting is the fact that the percent of millennials giving that answer has risen even more quickly. You can see that on slide 2 graphically. Now, I'm not suggesting that these misconceptions don't still exist. We know that they do and we won't be happy until everyone understands what a great vacation cruising offers and why it is relevant to them. Nevertheless, we believe that cruising has moved into a new arena and that the increasing relevance of cruise in peoples' holiday plans is partially responsible for the improved environment that we are and have been experiencing. We are proud to have been a part of this transition and we intend to continue pressing the envelope so that this trend will continue to expand. Looking forward, we believe this increased demand will play an important part of the supply/demand equation as we enter a period with somewhat higher supply coming online. 2017 has been a particularly strong year with a good economy, good consumer confidence driving high demand. Our forward bookings for next year would indicate a continuation of yield growth. However, it would be naïve of us to continue to assume that the unusually strong 2017 would continue indefinitely. Now, before I turn the call back to Jason, I'd like to comment on some of the other changes happening in our business. This past August, we cut steel for our new Quantum Ultra Class ship and we confirmed the ship's name, Spectrum of the Seas. Like its sister ships, Quantum of the Seas and Ovation of the Seas, she is destined for the Chinese market, where she will make her debut in 2019. This is our 10th year in the China market. While this market has recently experienced bumps in the road, we believe that the significant investments we have made, the management team we have developed and the assets that we have deployed put us in a strong leadership position. We remain committed to this strategic part of the world and we believe it will continue to pay good dividends. Now, I also can't wait to show off our new arrivals next year, Symphony of the Seas, which is arriving in spring of 2018, and Celebrity Edge, which debuts in the fall of 2018. We also recently announced that Azamara Pursuit will join our Azamara Club Cruises brand, which increases our capacity there and upgrades our capabilities. We are also introducing two major fleet renovation programs for our Royal and Celebrity brands, Royal Amplified and Celebrity Revolution. We believe that these major upgrading efforts will help further solidify our position as leader in hardware and in innovation. With so much going on, you can see why we are excited about the future. Before I turn the microphone back to Jason, I want to express again my appreciation and my admiration to all of our employees who worked so hard and with such skill at delivering fantastic vacations to so many. With their support, the future is indeed bright. Jason?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Richard. Before getting into the results, I want to discuss the impact of the unprecedented hurricanes on our key statistics. As we stated in the release this morning, the hurricane impacted our third quarter by $0.20 per share and approximately $0.06 per share for the fourth quarter for a total of $55 million for the full year. The impact from the storms, especially related to the lost APCDs, are causing some noise in our key statistics. While I'll address these aberrations when I talk about the third quarter results and fourth-quarter and full-year guidance, I wanted to recap what is happening in the underlying business. Overall, strong demand for our Europe, North America and China products, combined with strong onboard trends, are expected to offset virtually all the impact from the hurricanes. We had viewed our previous revenue guidance as reasonably aggressive, but we were pleasantly surprised by the additional strength and last-minute demand. Looking at expenses, we are ending the year roughly where we had previously expected except for costs related to the storms, including our humanitarian efforts. However, the metrics may look different for two reasons. Firstly, the storms caused us to shift the timing of some expenses from the third quarter to the fourth and in addition, the storms caused cruise cancellations, which resulted in fewer APCDs. The absolute amount of costs remained as expected, but the cost per APCD went up. I will now walk you through our results for the third quarter. We have summarized our third quarter results on slide 3. For the quarter, we generated adjusted net income of $3.49 per share, which was $0.04 better than previous guidance. These results include a $0.20 negative impact related to the hurricanes. Better-than-expected close-in demand from our core products, combined with the timing of costs, more than offset the impact from the hurricanes. Our net revenue yields increased 5.3%, which was more than 1 point higher than the midpoint of our guidance. Strong close-in demand for China, Europe and North America products drove the outperformance. Onboard revenue yields were up 5% for the quarter, driven mainly by better-than-expected shore excursions and Internet packaging. While the storm-related revenue losses negatively impacted our absolute revenue for the quarter, there were essentially neutral to overall yield as the yield of the impacted sailings were similar to the quarter average. Turning to costs, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, were up 5.7%. Our cost metric came in higher than guidance, driven mainly by the reduction in APCDs. On an absolute basis, cost came in better than expected, driven by timing. Now, I will share trends we are seeing in the demand environment for the balance of 2017. As you would expect, demand for Caribbean sailings softened as the hurricanes moved to the Caribbean and Gulf beginning in late August and while Caribbean bookings are virtually back to normal, we did experience five to six weeks of softer trends. However, demand for all itineraries remained strong throughout and our total bookings have been above last year's levels since the last earnings call, both including and excluding the Caribbean. As such, we remain in a much better book position than at this point last year for the fourth quarter and are up nicely on both rate and volume. Before getting in to our early thoughts for 2018, I will take you through our full-year guidance and fourth-quarter guidance. I will now discuss our full-year guidance for 2017, which is on slide 4. Net revenue yields are expected to be up approximately 6%, an improvement versus prior guidance despite the negative impact of the hurricanes, which is affecting the year by approximately 20 basis points. The combination of the outperformance in Q3 and strength in our underlying Q4 business is driving the increase in our yield guidance for the full year. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up approximately 2% for the year. As I noted earlier, our actual costs, excluding the hurricane, are generally in line with our previous guidance, but the per-berth figures are distorted by the storms. We anticipate fuel expense of $686 million, down slightly relative to prior guidance. We are 65% hedged for the remainder of the year at a price of $498 per metric ton. Based on current fuel prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $7.35 to $7.40. In summary, we were able to stay within our EPS guidance for the year at a range of $7.35 to $7.40 despite a $0.26 negative impact from the hurricanes. We've been able to accomplish this through a strong book position, solid onboard revenue trends, better fuel prices and better-than-expected performance from our joint ventures. We remain on track to exceed our Double-Double goals, which we established more than three years ago. As Richard mentioned, on a trailing 12-month basis, we have already reached these targets. The culture and disciplines established under the Double-Double program will provide the foundation for our new three-year financial targets that we are terming 2020 Vision. The Double-Double formula for success, our modest yield growth, strong cost control and moderate capacity growth, combined with improving our customer advocacy and employee engagement, is expected to further improve on our double-digit return profile and deliver double-digit earnings per share by the end of 2020. Before I walk you through our fourth-quarter guidance, I would like to elaborate on capital returns. Since our last earnings call, the company increased the quarterly dividend by $0.25 to $0.60 per share and repurchased $125 million in shares. These actions, combined with the upcoming completion of our Double-Double program and our new 2020 Vision, further reflect our commitment to continuously improve our returns for our shareholders. Now, let's turn to our guidance for the fourth quarter, which is on slide 5. We anticipate net yield increase of 2% to 2.5%. While the hurricanes did not negatively impact per-berth figures in the third quarter, the extended period of soft bookings and impact of future crew certificate redemptions is reducing Q4 yield by approximately 50 basis points, mostly on our San Juan departures. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up approximately 8.5% for the quarter. We have planned significant cost increases in this quarter due to the planned investments and revenue-generating activities. This increase in our cost metric was exasperated by a shifting cost from the third quarter and lower-than-expected APCDs due to the hurricanes. Taking all this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be $1.15 to $1.20 per share for the fourth quarter. Now, I will take you through some preliminary insights for 2018. While it's still too early to provide a lot of commentary on 2018 trends, I will share that our full-year APDs and load factors are currently higher than same time last year. This is particularly encouraging when you consider that we were in a record book position at this point last year and are seeing even better early booking trends for 2018. We will not be providing specific guidance for 2018 until our fourth quarter earnings call, but we do expect 2018 to be our ninth consecutive year of yield improvement. Before moving into some cadence considerations for next year, I wanted to note that 2017 is expected to deliver a yield improvement of approximately 6%, which is not typical and will make for more difficult comparables next year. There are a few factors that will influence the cadence of our yield throughout 2018. In 2018, three of our brands will welcome a new shipment to their fleets, increasing our overall capacity to approximately 4%. We will take delivery of Symphony of the Sea (sic) [Symphony of the Seas] (32:22) in the spring, introduce Azamara Pursuit in late summer and welcome Celebrity Edge in December. In addition, we'll see a year-over-year yield benefit in the first quarter from the 2017 sale of Legend of the Seas. As such, we will see hardware benefits in all four quarters of 2018. We will have more drydock days in the first half of 2018 than we did in 2017, which will help yield in Q1 and hurt yields in Q2. Also, the earlier timing of Easter will boost yields in Q1 at the expense of Q2. Now, I'd like to provide you an overview of our deployment for next year. Caribbean itineraries will count for about half of our total deployment next year and will include the introduction of Symphony of the Seas in the Caribbean in the fall and new summer programs in the Northeast. Before heading to the Caribbean, Symphony of the Seas will sail her inaugural summer season in the Mediterranean, replacing Freedom of the Seas in Barcelona. As a result, Europe itineraries will account for 17% of our total capacity, up slightly versus 2017. Approximately 18% of our 2018 capacity will be in the Asia-Pacific region, which is slightly less than in 2017. Mariner of the Seas will transition back to the Caribbean market in the spring, resulting in a short-term capacity reduction in China prior to Spectrum of the Seas' arrival in 2019. Now, I would like to ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: The floor is now open for your questions. Your first question comes from Steve Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys. Good morning. Hope you're all doing well. These are outstanding results. I guess the first question is going to be around the 2020 Vision. When you break it down, I know you're going to hate me saying this, but it does actually seem conservative at the first glance with only kind of 11% to 12% EPS growth through 2020. At this point, I think consensus is already kind of north of $10 a share for 2019. So, can you help us think either what analysts are getting too aggressive with or maybe help us think about some of the drivers you've embedded in your thought-process?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hey, Steve. We won't hate you and also not surprised by the question. So, I think, as we look at the 2020 Vision, again, what we're seeing specifically is that we expect our earnings to be in the double-digits by 2020. We're not giving a specific target of a specific number, but I'll tell you, I would say that the foundation which is moderate yield growth, good cost control, moderate capacity growth, that is what we believe from what we've seen in the past is that kind of formula to success. So, I don't think we're trying to guide to a specific number. What we're trying to do is again pivot the organization to coordinates that are based on that formula that get you to double-digit earnings.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Steven, it's Richard, and if I could just add something to that, and yes, we won't hate you, but first of all, I think there aren't many companies that are giving three-year targets with – you said only 11% to 12% growth rates. I think that's pretty good in the first place. But I also think – I like to emphasize that these programs really aren't intended to be financial targets for the investment community. This is something that really that we use for our employees, for ourselves to drive how we manage the business. And it's really intended to focus on the drivers of success, on the good performance of our fleet, the satisfaction of our guests, the engagement of our crew, et cetera. And so, the financial metrics come out of that, but internally, I think that was really the success of the Double- Double, was it got everybody pushing to the things that would make us successful. And so, I would just emphasize that. I understand it needs to have that financial metrics as well and those are important and that's also part of what we need to communicate to our people. But I would just like to say, I think we feel quite good about the 2020 program and think it will drive us to continue to excel.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Got you. And then, second question, I don't know if Rich or Jason wants to take this, but it seems right now there's this perceived notion out there from a bunch of investors that there could be first quarter Caribbean weakness for 2018 given the storm impact. Can you guys address that and maybe help us understand if that's something you're seeing at this point?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, sure, Steve. Certainly, as we mentioned in our remarks, yeah, there were five to six weeks of softness in demand and obviously that would be specifically around the Caribbean. So, what I would lead you to that we've said that we expect to be up on both a rate and volume basis for 2018. I would add that we were actually up quite nicely on both rate and volume for the first quarter and the Caribbean is contributing to that.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Got you. And if I can sneak one more quick when in. Richard, you obviously have your pulse on Washington, D.C., and there's obviously been a lot of chatter out there around potential tax policy changes. Can you guys just give us an update in terms of how you're thinking about any potential changes coming down the pike?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I think Adam maybe would comment on that.
Adam M. Goldstein - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi, Steve. Well, obviously, we, like probably every other company and industry in America, is watching very carefully what's happening in Washington. Our industry association, CLIA, and our tax advisors are clearly spearheading that. We're not expecting any changes at this point, but this is a fluid situation. We have to watch every day. The cruise industry, although we're growing and we're proud of our success and where we've come over the last 50 years is still a very small industry in the scope of the types of things that seem to be on the radar screen for the politicians in Washington. So, at this point, I would say the outlook is positive for us.
Steven Moyer Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks, guys. Great results.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. So, I was interested in the commentary that Q3 came in better because of the close-in strength in Europe and China and North America, but one question each on China and Europe. First in China, will you expect yields to actually be positive for the full year or just sort of better than what you had thought? And then, is the lack of capacity growth next year in China changing your conversations there about price with the charter sellers and where those commitments are going? And then, on Europe, I was just curious about the close-in strength, because one would sort of expect that because airfare has to be – in other words, I guess I was going to ask to that (39:54) European strength is driven by European sourcing or North American sourcing, just I would think the airfare component would make it tough to do last minute and just thinking about the fact that you're going to have European supply growth next year to help us think about that. Thanks.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hey, Robin. I'll just take the first point on China yields for this year and I'll let Michael talk about what he – or his point of view on China with there being lower capacity for next year. Obviously, we haven't and we don't guide specifically by market. So, the comment around strong close-in demand was relative to our expectations and it's a trend that we had been seeing creeping up, but it was even better than we had expected in the third quarter and also with that going into the fourth quarter. And I'll let Michael talk about 2018.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi, Robin. Yeah, we're kind of encouraged a little bit by the capacity reduction in the China market in 2018 and there's also the rumors with regards to South Korea opening up and we're all waiting to hear if there will be an announcement on that. So, when you combine those two factors together and you look at the work that we've been doing on building distribution and opening up all of the channels, we feel quite good about China in 2018. And we know we have good years and then some bumpy years, but we're feeling as if 2018 is looking quite promising. On Europe, there's always that switchover time on the sourcing for European product. It sources typically very well out of the North American market and the closer you get into sailing, then we tend to source more out of the European markets. One of the things that we've got in 2018, of course, is Symphony of the Seas will be introduced into Europe and will be sailing out of Barcelona. We're very encouraged by the forward bookings for Symphony of the Seas and it's outperforming Harmony at the moment.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then, maybe just one final clarification on the double-digit earnings, I just want to make sure that it's really – you mentioned double-digit earnings, not double-digit earnings growth rate. So, I'm assuming that means at least $10 a share, which would actually be above that 10% earnings growth. I just want to clarify that, what you mean by that and I'm curious how much share repo you're including in that. Thanks.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. So, Robin, as it relates to the target, the target is double-digit earnings per share between now and 2020. Now, to get to double-digit earnings, you need to have double-digit earnings growth rate as well, but the target is specifically around earnings. And then, as it relate to share repurchase, the goal is based off of how we see the underlying performance, a moderate yield growth, good cost control and moderate capacity growth.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Now, that's helpful. Thanks.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian of Citi.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Just two questions. The first, so when would you expect booking trends to fully normalize where passengers are maybe not a little bit concerned about going to the Caribbean? And then, sort of the second part to that is some of the other regions were a lot stronger and then – or we started (43:49) strong. Do you think that some of your North American passengers are, let's say, foregoing booking Caribbean cruises and deciding to go elsewhere like Europe or Alaska?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi, Greg. We're already seeing booking trends return to normal on pre-hurricane levels. So, we've already seen that kind of correction take place. And then, with regards to this, the idea that maybe people are booking other destinations other than Caribbean, I mean that happens in the normal give and take of a year anyway, that people do switch out destinations, but we haven't seen anything noticeable in terms of a trend occurring with regards to that idea.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Right. And then, the level of also promotional activity, I'm assuming that's elevated to spur demand in the Caribbean for the fourth quarter and first quarter of 2018. How long would you expect that to last assuming that it is elevated? Is that just in the next few months and then, things should be very normalized?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Yes. I mean, it's funny you bring that up. I don't feel like our promotional activity has been any greater or any lesser. After the hurricanes passed, we did have more promotional activity for a short period of time, but now, we've gone into our regular kind of promotional calendar cadence that is quite typical as we push into Q4 and as we look at how we're booking into 2018. So, it's really return to its normal levels. And, of course, just as a reminder, we have our price integrity program that we're very pleased with and that's also helping us out.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jaime Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everybody. I have a question surrounding capital expenditures actually, given that they have bumped up a bit and I know you guys mentioned that, that was going to be mostly surrounding this Royal Amplified and Celebrity Revolution program. And I assume a lot of those efforts tie into some of the evolving consumer behaviors that you discussed earlier. So, will you talk a little bit about what the majority of that delta and spend is going to and then, if maybe some of that is tied into some of the technology that you're planning to launch? Thanks.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: So, hi, Jamie. It's Richard. Most of that are the two ship modernization programs that you cited. It's been something and we found we've been very successful with that in some of the ones we've been doing over the last few years. So, this is a continuation of that. Some of the things that we've done on our newer ships are just really very impactful in terms of consumer trends and what they want. And so, that's very much a part of it. So, that's the bulk of it actually. There is also some of it that is related to our technological investments, in particular our digital investments, which we call Excalibur. So, we've talked about that. We have an investment day, where we're going to be talking about that in today or tomorrow in a lot more detail, but we see those technological investments. We've frankly already been making a lot, but I think we see the need increasing. And so, that is part of the increase that you're referring to.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar, Inc.: Thanks. And then, just out of curiosity, for the high-end consumer, are you guys seeing some better spend there? Obviously, there's a new Azamara ship coming on and I'm wondering if there's any like bifurcation that you guys are seeing between sort of the middle-market consumers and the high-end consumers that are bolstering your confidence in that part of the market. Thanks.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi, Jamie. It's Michael. I mean we're seeing really all over kind of a lift in onboard spend coming from all segments and we think that's reflected really in consumer confidence and how well the stock market is doing. So, whether it's the higher-end customer or mid-level, everybody is spending a little bit more at the moment.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: And, Jamie, just to add, I mean I think one trend in which we talked about in our remarks is one thing you see across the board is you're seeing people spend much more money on experiences than on things like retail as an example. So, my commentary around shore excursion or Internet or beverage more things that are experiential in nature than something out of the gift shop is where you see this change and that's not just in the higher-end, it's really kind of across all classes.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar, Inc.: Does that change how you think about allocating the square footage of the ships going forward with the retail space versus with space to do other things versus parks or activities like zip lines?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi, Jamie. Yes, it does. Interestingly, when we talk about the two programs, Celebrity Revolution and Royal Amplified, really a lot of the thinking that's going into that is really thinking through how our guests spend is changing and you'll start to see that when we bring these ships out of the modernization, the program that we've really reallocated space to generate better revenues in areas that we see guests now naturally gravitating to.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar, Inc.: Excellent. Thank you so much. See you tomorrow.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Beckel of Bernstein Research.
David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey. Thanks for the question. I have kind of a high-level question, maybe for Richard or whoever wants to jump in, but it sounds, Richard, like you're painting a very positive secular picture of the industry in general, spending trends, which would seemingly suggest that yields could continue to improve, maybe not at obviously the rates of this year, because of one-time events, but certainly very strongly. And I'm just wondering, how do you square that strength with what appears to be a long-term internal goal of moderate yield growth? You said you're trying to pivot the organization to certain coordinates. Are you pivoting them to like a 2% to 4% range or you actually trying to get them to push a little bit more aggressively to the higher-end of that range?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, David, thank you. I think you summarized my view accurately. I do think that the underlying strength of the industry is powerful and I think that will continue. I just think one needs to be a little bit realistic about how quickly you can move those things. And so, we think, obviously, we are not trying to direct the organization to a level of yield increase. We clearly want to maximize that. What we want to pivot the organization to is to provide the things that will drive consumer to our travel agents and to our website and basically to buy cruises. And hopefully that will result in continued strong yield improvement. So, by saying moderate yield increase, I think we are really trying to telegraph that to get strong results, we don't need staggeringly large yield improvements. We are an industry where if we can get relatively moderate yield increases, that results in really very strong bottom line growth. But obviously if we can break out of the 2% to 4% range, as we did this year, we intend to exercise every effort we know how to accomplish that.
David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: That's helpful. I appreciate that. And just one quick follow-up on China. You mentioned or you touched on it briefly, but particularly as it relates to recent strength you've seen relative to your expectations, can you pinpoint that strength at all to certain efforts you've made in like widening the distribution channel or anything more directly influential by your activities in that market?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Yeah, David. I think we've been actively developing the China market for many years and certainly the last couple of years we increased the intensity of the development of the various channels and we put a lot of focus on that development and we put a lot of resources into the market to do that. We've been quite pleased with the results that we generated, particularly, for example, in the direct channel, it's done very well for us. And then expanding the base of sellers, of course, beyond the typical wholesalers, we've made progress there. So, I think, we've seen – we're beginning to see the results of the work that we've put into the market over the past several years beginning to come, pay back for us.
David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to follow up on Steve Wieczynski's question that he asked at the beginning of the call and maybe word it a different way. I'm just wondering if there's anything in the 2020 Vision that would preclude you from getting to double-digit earnings by 2019 or maybe said in another way, would it be a stretch for you to get there by then?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: So, we haven't even given guidance yet for 2018, let alone for 2019.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Very demanding.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Very demanding, I know. I think we're going to stick to, as we look at our targets, that one of those being that we reach double-digit earnings per share and continuing to improve on our ROIC. Obviously, you can do the sensitivities on yield and on cost that would get you there before, but I think that, again, we'll kind of focus on moderate yield growth and good cost control during the period.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And sticking with the 2020 Vision, that obviously implies your optimism for the next three years. There's certainly a narrative in the investment community that states that supply increases over that time could limit the growth trajectory of your business. So, I was just wondering can you discuss to what extent supply played a role as a variable in your outlook and how you think it impacts your growth over the next several years?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. Hi, Felicia. It's Richard.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: So, obviously, I think that was a point I was trying to emphasize. You have to look at both sides of that. You have to look at the supply side of it and the demand side of it. And I absolutely agree with you, the increase in the supply is clearly a factor in that. I think the reason that I'm expressing confidence is that I believe that the increasing demand more than compensates for that, because the new ships are more attractive and they bring in more people and also they attract higher yields. So, I think we've tried to look at this and we've tried to put the 2020 Vision together, taking into account all that we know about the next year – the next few years and that includes the supply side, which, as you say, is a little bit higher than it has been.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. And then, my final is just housekeeping. And, Jason, thank you for giving us the color on the cadence of the quarters. I just wanted to clarify, do you expect yield to be up each quarter next year and then, just that second quarter could be up less because of the dry-docks and then also taking into account kind of a shifting Easter or do you expect the second quarter to be down?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I would say that we expect yields to be up in all four quarters, but as you pointed out, we expect it in Q1 to be higher than it would be in Q2 because of the shift in Easter and the dry-dock impact.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jared Shojaian of Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for taking my question. If we think about the puts and takes to costs for next year, you called out more dry-dock days and you have the gain on Legend that you're comping against, but then you also have the hurricane tailwind as well. So, is it reasonable to think that next year, costs will look a lot like 2014, 2015 and 2016 as far as the growth rate in terms of NCC, ex-fuel? And then, any thoughts on how we should think about D&A for next year as well?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: All right, Jared, well, again, we're not going to give specific guidance for 2018. I think you did a good job of talking about some of the headwinds and some of the tailwinds. What I can tell you is that we will continue. It is very much ingrained in the DNA of the company for us to strongly manage our costs, but, of course, as you said, there are some headwinds that we're going to have to manage through next year like we do every year. And on the D&A side, I think the key considerations are obviously there's new assets that are coming into play with Symphony, Edge, which is really not in effect because it comes in the latter part of the year and Azamara Pursuit, those are some of the elements that will impact D&A. So I would expect D&A to rise obviously more than 2017, because in 2017, we had no new capacity.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then, just one housekeeping question. You talked about the cruise credits and the impact that that's having in the fourth quarter. Can you just help me understand how you accounted for those and will we see an impact of future yields in 2018 as well from those credits or is it just an immaterial impact?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I mean it's all immaterial relative certainly to our revenues. Effectively, if we had a passenger that had changed or had called up because of the impacted sailing and weren't able to take them, we would provide future cruise certificates. So, a lot of that negative impact would have been taken in the third quarter and then as those future – as those certificates get redeemed, they would be – that's when the revenue would be recognized in the future.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harry Curtis of Nomura Instinet.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Morning, everyone. Two quick questions, most of my questions have been answered. Jason, you mentioned higher drydock days in the first half. Just from 30,000 feet in 2018, will most of the dry-dock days be, or the comparisons be higher in the first half? Will they trend to more normal levels in the second half? What I'm trying to get a sense of is overall in 2018, will drydock days be relatively close in 2018 versus 2017?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, hi, Harry. No. So, I would say that in 2018, certainly the dry-dock days are – or most of them are in the first half of the year. But the dry-dock days are more typical to what we saw in 2016 versus 2017, but I mean, those are kind of accounted for in the capacity growth numbers that we provided.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: And then, my other question, we haven't touched on Cuba. Given the travel warnings, have there been any, I would doubt it, but any impact on the inquiries that you're getting for cruises to Cuba and to what degree are those cruises that are touching Cuba getting a pricing lift as a result of it?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi, Harry. It's Michael. Initially when all of this hit the media, we obviously received a spike in calls and communication from guests and travel partners. Everybody was trying to seek clarity, but after literally a few days, things just returned to normal and the business is very good for our Cuba product.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: All right. Very good. That's it for me. Thanks.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Conder of Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you and congratulations, gentlemen, and the whole organization. Just a couple follow-up here, whoever wants to take this. I mean, clearly, the domestic capacity, it's been talked about growing and so forth, but, Richard, you even mentioned that you think going forward here, the demand's more than going to compensate for that looking into 2019 and 2020. Can you give us an update, what's happened the last three years here with first-time cruisers? You've said before that that's has started to grow, and more in particular, the millennial mix? How much that has grown. Maybe we'll get it tomorrow, but I wanted ask the question here. And then, also an update on the fleetwide rollout of the Wi-Fi in the Excalibur. Has that changed in any way or are you accelerating that here looking into 2018 and being into early 2019?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi, Tim. I'll take the first part of the question with regards to new to cruise and millennial. Certainly for – well, all of the brands, but in particular for Royal, we've got an acute focus on developing the new to cruise and millennial market and we've been very pleased with the progress that we've made over the past three years. And in fact, if you go back before that three-year period, we were actually in a situation where year-over-year, we saw a decline in new to cruise and millennial and over the past three years, we've seen a very good increase year-over-year. So, that's kind of very much part of our marketing and communications focus on new to cruise and millennial and we're seeing good progress and we continue that journey.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Any color you can – I apologize, any color you could give there related to millennials as a percent of the mix versus three years ago?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hey, Tim, just to kind of give you a sense, over the past several years, we're carrying about 33% more millennials than we did several years ago.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Tim, on your question on the rollout of Excalibur, the new digital system, it's pretty much going along the path that we had previously said. The hurricanes did mess us up a bit, obviously, disrupted operations for a good six to seven weeks and that probably caused a corresponding delay in some of the detailed rollouts. But overall, we are still expecting to be, and you'll see more of this tomorrow, of course, 12% or 13% by the end of 2017, half by the end of 2018 and almost everything by the end of 2019. So, by and large, as frustrating as the disruption was, that's pretty much going on track.
Timothy Andrew Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Okay. Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. Your final question comes from Sharon Zackfia, William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, I'm glad to have snuck in.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Good morning.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Co. LLC: Two quick questions. On the equity investment income, that was up a lot year-over-year. So, maybe if you could touch on what was driving that. And secondarily, I feel like you guys cite Internet every quarter now and I don't know if you've given this before, but I don't recall, what percent of passengers now are taking up your option to have the Internet available to them at sea? And have you taken any price on that or is that really a penetration metric that we are looking at?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi, Sharon. On the equity income side, it's really mainly the story around our joint ventures. TUI would obviously be the leader of that, but we also have a joint venture with Pullmantur now and it's really those are the kind of underlying drivers on below the line. And then, on the Internet side, no, we don't give a percent in terms of how that number has grown over time, but it is a combination of both rate and penetration and that it is driving up our Internet as well as we keep introducing new things that attract people to use more bandwidth on the ships.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Great. Okay. So, thank you, Paul, for your assistance with the call today and we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carola will be available for any follow-ups you might have and we really wish you all a great day. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International Adam M. Goldstein - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.
Analysts: Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC Stuart J. Gordon - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom) James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd. Dan J. McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name Dorothy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited Second Quarter 2017 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Jason Liberty, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carola Mengolini, our new Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our investor website, www.RCLinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filing and other disclosures. Please note that we do not undertake to update the information in our filing as circumstances change. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of all non-GAAP historical items can be found on our website. Unless we state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant-currency adjusted basis. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow with a recap of our second quarter results, provide an update on the booking environment and then provide an update on our full-year and third quarter guidance for 2017. We will then open up the call up for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I'm really very pleased to be able to speak with you all this morning and to give you some color on where we are. At the beginning of the year, I commented that we sensed an intangible tone in the market that was as good as or better than any time I could recall. This tone was hard to pinpoint or to define, but it gave us a very tangible sense that 2017 could be a particularly positive year. Since then, the outlook has only gotten better. Our earnings forecast now exceed even the high end of our original range of expectations. In a normal year, we have a lot of pluses and minuses and they usually balance each other out. But this year, we are experiencing many more positive forces than negative ones. Part of this appears to be industry-wide. People have bought all the stuff that they need, and they're now looking towards gaining more experiences. Instead of buying TVs and cars, they seem to be buying memories as never before. Since we're in an industry that specializes in providing great memories that trend plays to our sweet spot. Even better, the trend shows no respect for borders and seems to be occurring all around the world. Our sailings in the U.S., Europe, Alaska, Baltic, Asia, all demonstrate this marvelous phenomenon. Now, looking to next year, we're conscious of the fact that a particularly strong 2017 also provides particularly difficult comparables for 2018. This is definitely a very nice problem to have, but it is nevertheless a very real issue. On top of this marvelous industry-wide growth in demand, we're also seeing powerful drivers coming from the unique positioning of our special brands. All of our brands are performing at a level we've simply never seen. Our guest satisfaction ratings are at the highest point in our history, and they keep rising. Our onboard revenue figures are doing well, both in terms of sales and satisfaction. Some of this is driven by our wonderful new ships, such as Harmony of the Seas, Mein Schiff 6, Symphony of the Seas or Celebrity Edge, but much of it also comes from greater engagement by our officers and our crew. This is very much of a people business, and it is all about the people. In addition, there are a few specific programs at Royal Caribbean that have proven very attractive in driving change. The first, of course, is our DOUBLE-DOUBLE. This program has been extremely successful in galvanizing our entire workforce to a common set of goals. You all heard me say before that if we give our people focus and a clear vision, nothing stops them from achieving extraordinary results. The success of the DOUBLE-DOUBLE provides very tangible proof of that fact. For that, I extend to all of them my sincerest thanks. Remember, however, that the DOUBLE-DOUBLE was never just about 2017. It's always been about positioning Royal Caribbean to the future. I believe that's the real success of the DOUBLE-DOUBLE, not just the 2017 results. As we approach the end of DOUBLE-DOUBLE, we are putting thought into providing direction again for a multi-year period. As you know, our mantra is continuous improvement, so I wouldn't expect our next announcement to be simply a clone of the DOUBLE-DOUBLE. First of all, that would be boring. But also we need to focus on the drivers of success. So I would expect that that's the kind of picture that we would be painting. I know that the some of you have suggestions for the structure of this program, and you are absolutely free to share them with us. Be aware that any good idea you come up with will be shamelessly stolen without any credit to the author. Now, as part of the DOUBLE-DOUBLE, we've adopted a number of specific initiatives that support our overall objectives. One of these is our price integrity program, which some of you have asked about. Fortunately, we've only good news on that front. As we had predicted, the early stages of the program cost us revenue in both 2015 and 2016. That hurt, but once we established our consistency and credibility with the travel agents, with the public and with our own revenue managers, the benefits started flowing in. Today, it's clear that the program is accomplishing our goal of rewarding those who book early, while disincentivizing those who push for last-minute discounts. The key to this success has been consistency. We don't do it only when it's painless or convenient. We maintain the program even when it hurts, and sometimes we have to let cabins sail empty. That goes against every one of our instincts, but the focus and the discipline have proven their value. Ironically, the program has been so successful that we're now expecting to achieve a record load factor this year. That, in turn, causes slightly higher operating costs per lower berth, but obviously the bottom line impact is very positive. Now, since we last spoke, there have been several other developments, which I'd like to touch on today. First, we announced the deployment of the first Quantum Ultra sailing in China in 2019. With the Quantum class of ships, we're giving the most technologically-advanced hardware to a market that is very digitally focused. This move is a continuation of our strategy to have premium hardware in China. And that strategy is what has enabled us to gain and to hold a leadership position in the eyes of the Chinese consumers, such that today, Quantum is essentially synonymous with cruising in China. It's hard to believe, but we've now been operating there for almost 10 years. There's been a tremendous growth during this period of time, and we're finding that China is starting to behave more like a typical market. Most markets have ups and downs, and we've seen both in China. Most recently, the restrictions on travel to Korea have been painful. Nevertheless, throughout these variations, our outlook for the future in China has not changed. Our team on the ground is motivated, focused and making strides in driving the evolution of cruise distribution and destinations. Speaking of evolution, one of the most important and most quickly changing is the use of digital tools for marketing, for product development and for delivering and enhancing the consumer experience. We are proud to have focused on this for several years, and that gives us a leg-up on expanding our capabilities. We're currently working on what some might call version 2.0 of our capabilities, but, as I previously reported, we've dubbed it Project Excalibur. One advantage with Excalibur is that we already have years of experience in the area that allows us to build on. In addition, because we spent so much effort during these developmental years, we have an infrastructure in place today that allows us to scale our innovations quickly. For example, we expect to have Excalibur functioning on 15% of our fleet within five months of today, and over half of our fleet by the end of next year. I said before that our efforts in this arena are not nice to have. They are vital to keeping cruises relevant as a great vacation experience. We are also aware that several of our competitors have announced plans to expand their digital capabilities as well. We welcome those plans, too, because it will make cruising even more powerful as a relevant vacation option. Another aspect of the business that's sometimes underappreciated is the work to ensure the ocean and the communities surrounding it are healthy and protected. We're very proud that the World Wildlife Fund is our long-term partner in this journey, and they are the gold standard in environmental stewardship. With their help, we have established specific and measurable targets related to greenhouse gas emissions, sustainable food supply and destination stewardship. We remain committed to this effort. And we look forward to following a path to achieve our long-term targets in this endeavor as well as on the financial front. As you can see, we've got lots of reasons to feel optimistic about the future. Demand is good. We're attracting new guests. We're developing young markets. Our employees are happy. All of this positions us beautifully for long-term success. With that, it's a pleasure to hand the call back over to Jason. Jason?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Richard. I will begin by talking about our results for the second quarter. Second quarter results are summarized on slide 2. For the quarter, we generated adjusted earnings of $1.71, which is 57% higher than same time last year. These results are better than guidance due to strong close-in demand, better fuel trends and a better-than-expected performance from our equity investments. Net revenue yields are up 11.5%, which is better than previous guidance. Strong demand for North American products allowed for better close-in pricing trends and record high load factors. Strong trend in beverage, shore excursion and high-speed WiFi all contributed to an 8.3% year-over-year increase in onboard revenue. Net cruise costs excluding fuel were down 0.9% for the quarter. Costs in the second quarter came in slightly higher than our guidance, driven by higher load factors, timing and additional investments in revenue-generating activities. Moving on to the booking environment, over the past three months, new bookings have been up double digits compared to last year and at higher prices. Booking volumes have been up more for sailings that are further out, due to the ongoing extension of the booking window. As a result, both load factor and APD are higher than same time last year for 2017 and in each of the next four quarters. We are enjoying the benefits from our global sourcing model, revenue management strategies and the price integrity program. When we first announced the price integrity program in 2015, we knew that it would have a negative impact on our load factors in the short-term, but that it would contribute to long-term yield growth. Now, two years after its inception, we are experiencing the benefits of the program through an extended booking window, strong close-in pricing, higher overall APDs and record load factors. North America remains our largest sourcing market and the strength in demand we have seen from U.S. and Canadian guests have been unwavering for sailings on both sides of the Atlantic. Now, I'll provide an update on each of our key product groups, starting with Europe. While most itineraries have benefited from strength from the North American consumer, we have seen particularly strong trends on European sailings, both in the Mediterranean and in the Baltics. Fewer geopolitical events and stable air pricing have contributed to a surge in demand from our higher-paying North American guests. As a result, North American guests will account for a larger percentage of Europe itinerary sourcing than in any other recent year. This sourcing shift, which is made possible due to our significant global footprint and yield management capabilities, has contributed to higher ticket prices and higher onboard spend. Our booked APDs for Europe sailings are significantly higher than same time last year and load factor is up nicely. North American itineraries account for about 58% of our 2017 capacity and have been trending well. The Caribbean, our largest product group at close to half of our capacity, has continued to please and remains up year-over-year in both rate and load factor. On our last earnings call, we noted that Alaska was outperforming last year's record season. That trend continued throughout the last three months, and we continue to expect record yields for the product. In the Asia-Pacific arena, we increased capacity by 5% year-over-year, with a combination of China, Australia and Southeast Asia itineraries now accounting for 21% of our 2017 capacity. We achieved record load factors in the second quarter for our China itineraries and expect to meet or exceed prior year occupancies in both Q3 and Q4. Unfortunately, the South Korea travel restrictions created a challenge for this year's China season, resulting in less-than-ideal itineraries and lower pricing. Our strong relationship with key travel partners, combined with expanding direct business, contributed to a relatively quick stabilization in demand after the travel restrictions were announced. Lastly, the upcoming Australia season, which accounts for more than 10% of winter capacity, is in a strong book position, despite industry capacity growth. While it's too early in the booking window to provide a lot of color on our overall 2018 expected performance, what I am willing to say is that we are currently booked ahead of same time last year in both APD and load factor for 2018. Now, we can turn to our updated guidance for full year 2017, which is on slide 3. We are now 95% booked for the year, and we now expect our net revenue yields to increase in the range of 5.5% to 6%. This is an increase versus prior guidance, driven mainly by the out-performance in the second quarter and further strength in demand from our North American sourced passengers. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be up approximately 1%. The increase in the cost guidance is driven by higher-than-anticipated load factors, timing and investment in revenue-generating activities. We anticipate fuel expense of $706 million, which is down slightly relative to prior guidance. We are 64% hedged for the remainder of the year at a price of $487 per metric ton. Based on current fuel prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share guidance is in the range of $7.35 to $7.45 for the year. In summary, a strong second quarter, coupled with the benefits of a weaker dollar, better fuel prices, better demand trends, some additional investment in revenue-generating activities and better-than-expected performance from our joint ventures, are driving the improvement in our guidance for the year. Before getting into the third quarter guidance, I wanted to reiterate a point that we have emphasized on the past couple of earnings calls. Our yield improvement in the first half of the year was greater than the yield improvement we expect in the back half of the year, as we have already lapped the new entry benefits of Harmony of the Seas and Ovation of the Seas, as well as the impact from the 51% sale of Pullmantur. Additionally, Q3 yields are benefiting from very strong demand trends for Europe. Since Europe makes up about a third of our capacity in Q3 and approximately 10% in Q4, we expect Q4 yield growth to be lower than Q3. Now, we can turn to our guidance for the third quarter, which is on slide 4. We anticipate a net yield increase of 4% to 4.5%. The year-over-year improvement is mainly being driven by strong North American demand trends for our core products on both sides of the Atlantic. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be up approximately 4% on a constant-currency basis. The year-over-year increase in our cost metric is mostly due to a year-over-year capacity reduction for the quarter. Taking all of this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be approximately $3.45. Before we open up the call for a question-and-answer session, I wanted to note that our next earnings call is tentatively scheduled for November 7. And with that, I would like to ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operating Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Instinet.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Hey, good morning, everyone. Two quick questions, we've gotten several questions on the sources of the $0.30 increase for the year. And when you back out roughly $0.08 for the beat, that leaves $0.22. Of that, is it fair to say that half of that is currency, but the balance of that is just stronger operating performance?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. That's exactly right, Harry. About half of the beat is driven by the weakening of the dollar and the balance of that is driven by improvement in business trends.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Okay. And then my second question is given the strength of these trends and this is the year that you should be generating a significant amount of cash, any explanation as to your hesitancy to buy back stock in the quarter?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, I wouldn't necessarily say it's hesitancy. I would point out that, one, we've said from the start of the program that we were going to be doing it opportunistically. And we also said we were going to be doing it in line with free cash flow. And most of the free cash flow gets generated really on the back half of the year.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Okay. So the message is stay tuned.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Stay tuned.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Harry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Beckel with Bernstein Research.
David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks so much for the question. Richard, in your opening remarks, you expressed a somewhat cautious tone, or maybe I'm over-interpreting for 2018, given that the comps are indeed challenging. I was wondering, you or Jason, could you help sort of itemize the sort of one-time items to be aware of? There's obviously Pullmantur, but hardware changes and maybe Europe becoming more normalized, things of that nature that we should be thinking about as we think about 2018 yields.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi, David. Yeah, I don't think it's necessarily Richard being overly cautious in any way. I think it is obviously as the year progresses and we continue to raise our yield guidance, which we have, the comp becomes more difficult. We'll certainly benefit in 2018 from the introduction of Symphony and Edge, which comes at the very latter part of the year. I think it's just more this year has, when you look at all your kind of core products outside of the challenge that we've had with the South Korea sailings, everything has really kind of ended up in the better-than-expected column, and that's not a typical year. In most years, as any kind of portfolio, you have some products that are doing better than others and some markets that are doing better than others and some that are not. And so I think this trend of us just continuing to raise is a reflection of the current environment. But I don't think we want people to extrapolate that you're going to see 5.75% yield improvements every year.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. I think, Jason, the answer, it wasn't intended to be particularly conservative. I think it really was just tended to say this is really proving to be an exceptionally good year. And sometimes, there's a tendency to extrapolate whatever happens this year, next year will be another good year where again everything seems to be going in the right direction. And this was just more a cautionary tone that next year does look very good. And everything we said about it is very positive of bookings. Bookings continue to be at, in fact, a higher rate and a higher amount than we've experienced in this wonderful year. But it's rare that we just see everything going as well as it has this year.
David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Got it, understood. And a second question, just quickly on China, I've had a lot of questions from investors that are having difficulty reconciling the message from you and other operators and participants about the potential of the Chinese market, while, at the same time, witnessing capacity withdrawals for 2018. Can you walk us sort of through how the two reconcile going forward?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi David, it's Michael. I think one way of looking at it is strategic and tactical. We see the China market as an opportunity. And I think, as Richard mentioned earlier on, we have a long-term development plan. We've been in the market for 10 years, and we've built a great brand in China. Changes in deployment in the short-term, we don't consider as particularly meaningful in terms of the development of the market. So, for example, Royal's removing Mariner in 2018, that's largely related to an opportunity for a dry-docking that we want to undertake. And of course, we've announced that we're putting Quantum Ultra into the market in 2019. So I think it's more of a looking at it as a long-term opportunity. And then, of course, year-by-year, there's puts and takes, but we see it is a good opportunity and we continue our development.
David James Beckel - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just on 2018, the visibility that you have, the visibility that you're talking about for next year is the highest in my memory. And you've talked about it a bit, but while this book position is advantageous in many obvious ways, I was just wondering if you could let us know what that kind of allows you to do with this visibility that you might not have been able to do before? What kind of advantages does that give you for next year?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi, Felicia. I think on an advantaged standpoint, obviously, being in a stronger booked position allows us to manage price more effectively north and also allows us to manage demand more globally as we have much less inventory to sell. And that has been a pretty continuous trend for us for some time as the booking window continues to extend. Some of the commentary, talking about how strong the booking trends have been over the past quarter, a lot of that actually relates to our booking activities for 2018. And so it gives us more visibility in terms of what the booked revenue is, but it also gives us the opportunity to manage price and try to recognize the opportunities as they come forward.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. And so I think for those of us on the call who've looked at cruise stocks for a long time would never kind of in our wildest dreams, kind of start out and out-year it 5% or 6% yield growth just based on history. But it does sound like, despite the tough comps, given where you are, you could have another very solid year next year.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, no. I do think the trends do show for it to be a solid year next year. I think the thing to just be cautious on is that in that 5.75% is some of the benefit from the Pullmantur de-consolidation. So I would just, one, point that out. And, of course, I mean, being in a strong booked position on a rate and volume basis is where you want to be kind of going into the forward-looking periods. And of course, we always talk about that balance of being too booked, because that also limits opportunity to be able to take on revenue at higher prices if the opportunity comes your way.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. And, Felicia, another thing as part of what you've just commented on, our new ships are really doing very well. The Symphony of the Seas, which is delivering next spring, is another home run for us, much as Harmony has been. Edge is also doing extraordinarily well, but Edge doesn't deliver till very much at the end of the year. So we won't actually have that benefit really until 2019. But, yeah, 2018, it's looking to be a good year. But, again, I guess I always have to say there always seem to be some headwinds that you run into. Foreign exchange has gone both ways for us. This year compared to last year, it's about neutral. But it's improved in the last few months. So overall, I think we're feeling very strong, but always worried that there are these uncertainties that always seem to come up and temper that enthusiasm.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. That's helpful clarity. And then, Jason, just in your third quarter guidance, it seems to imply that TUI is also having a nice benefit on your numbers, if you could just talk about the drivers there for your JV and where the surprises may be coming from.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Well, I think it's a combination of things. I mean, TUI is performing exceptionally well. Obviously, we're seeing very strong trends. And if we're seeing strong trends, it's likely that TUI Cruises is also seeing strong trends. And we've been seeing those strong trends from TUI for sometime. But also, our Pullmantur brand is doing better than we had expected it to do this year as well.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So but it is a correct interpretation that some of that is flowing through into your third quarter guidance.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: That's right and that's also what I'd talked about was the combination of the improvement in the $0.30 for 2017 also included the increment from the joint ventures.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. Okay. Great, thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Felicia.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks. Just looking at the language in your release, and I know you're talking about being ahead in booked position and price, I feel like a quarter ago, you might have used the word record, being at record book levels. And so I'm just wondering. Is it to the point where you're sort of maxed out, like you actually don't want to be more booked in advance than you are now? Is that kind of maybe something to read in-between the lines of that language change?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Robin, again, this is a nice problem to have, but sometimes we do feel that we shouldn't get too booked because we give up opportunities at higher prices. And so that is a dialogue that goes on here everyday. We still are at record levels. And simply the question is do we want to continue to expand that or do we want to raise our prices a little bit and, in fact, slow down the booking velocity. So you're right. That's exactly what's happening, and it's a debate that we had here every day.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Good, no. That's helpful. Thanks. I don't know if you would venture, you mentioned that the travel to Korea, those restrictions, hurt yields in China. I don't know if you'd venture to sort of quantify what impact you think that might have had on yields in China, just because if we get to a point where those restrictions are lifted, maybe we could think about that amount reversing. I don't know if that's something you'd venture.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, thank you for daring us to venture. But, no, we're not going to get specific into a kind of market-by-market breakdown. But obviously, we would certainly benefit if the Korean restrictions (33:19) came off. Thanks for trying, Robin.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: I figured it was worth asking, so thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski from Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys. So, Jason, I guess the first question, your bump in your cost outlook for the remainder of the year, I guess the question is how much wiggle room is embedded there in order to move some of those costs out into 2018 if you needed to? And I get the increase in the APCDs, but I would assume that some of that increased spending across the company to capture more of the current momentum, could some of that be pushed out a bit if need be?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, I mean, we can always manage the timing of our costs if need be, but we have put a lot of thought, obviously, into those costs. And, look, we said, some of it is no necessarily creating more APCDs, just carrying about 50,000 more passengers this year than we had expected. That increases your numerator and your denominator, the APCDs stay the same, so that's going to have an effect. And investing in activities that we believe are not only going to improve the top-line, but expand the bottom-line and expand returns is how we think about our cost spend.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, got you. And then, second question, I guess, Richard or Jason, you talked about the strength you're seeing in your core North American passenger, but can you talk a little bit more about your European passenger as well? It seems like that customer base is starting to strengthen, coming out of their shells a little bit. And more importantly, I think it's starting to show that they're possibly willing to spend more once they're onboard. Can you go into a little bit more detail there?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi Steve, it's Michael. Yeah, we're seeing kind of a bounce-back on the European passenger. I mean, obviously, the euro started to strengthen over the past couple of months, which is, I think, positive in terms of consumer confidence. And certainly, this summer season for Celebrity and Royal Caribbean, we've seen, as we've mentioned, great demand from the North American market, which really has pushed up pricing quite a way. And of course, that we thought would push down some of the European sourcing, but it's been quite robust and quite healthy. So we feel quite positive about what we're seeing with the European sourced markets.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, thanks, guys, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Congratulations, first of all, just a couple more here. Jason, just, I guess, a clarification, did you say that the pricing was down in Q2 or you expected that all for 2017 due to the China-South Korea situation, the travel ban?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Pricing in terms of China specifically, Tim?
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah, yeah. Pricing is down as a result of the South Korea ban.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: For the full year, you're looking at, or just for Q2?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: For the full year, as well as Q2 – and the second quarter, yeah.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: But, Tim, its worth pointing out that we had – this is Michael. We had record load factors in Q2 in China.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And would it be fair to say that absent this ban, your pricing would have been up, is that...
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Yes.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, okay. It's okay. And then wanted to circle back to the booking curve question, realistically, you can't keep expanding that, so at what point should we start anticipating from yourselves or would you anticipate from the industry that we start hearing that booking curves are similar year-over-year or booked load factors, however way you want to frame it, but then ongoing pricing improvement?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: So, Tim, as you said, you can but don't necessarily want to just keep expanding that. And it's a trade-off between the way you think the demand is and you don't want to so fill up, that you don't have space available to accept demand at a higher price later. I think earlier this year, I actually made the comment, going back to something Robin said, that we were at a record level and probably wouldn't go higher than the load factors we had when we crossed the year at the end of last year. But we've continued to actually inch up a little bit from those levels and that's because our operating people and our revenue management people feel that there is a benefit to doing that. And, again, it's exactly the things that Felicia talked about. You have more booked. You, therefore, have less to sell so you can raise your prices on that additional amount to sell, et cetera. And that's a trade-off. As I said, earlier this year, I actually predicted that last year was not only a record, but was the record and that we wouldn't want it to go higher. And since then, we've actually let it go a little bit higher. But, as you say, we're probably reaching the peak of that, which is a good thing. And it simply means that we are spending our time focusing on how do we ratchet up the price, as opposed to ratcheting out the booking curve.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And lastly, any color by capacity, by region for 2018 that you could provide us, whether that be China, Asia, Europe, North America, Alaska, just for the company or the industry, however you want to frame it?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, I can give you our perspective on the industry side or both, but on the industry side, I think we expected: Caribbean to be up about 5% next year; Europe, up about 5%; China, down about 5%; Asia-Pac, which would include China, down 4%. And if you want it for us, we'll be up about 8% in the Caribbean, 9% in Europe, down about 10% in Asia-Pac.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, good morning, everybody. So I want to ask about your guidance on the fourth quarter. I think it implies yields are up somewhere around 1.5%. But correct me if I'm wrong, aren't the issues from Empress a year ago helping fourth quarter by about 100 basis points? Is that right?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hey, Jared. I won't comment on the 1.5%, but that's right, it's the challenges from Empress last year were something that could affect the yields in the fourth quarter year-over-year.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. Okay. So then in my math, and that would imply your core yield is really more like flat to up slightly. Maybe you can help me just reconcile that deceleration with the commentary you've given on demand so far. Jason, I think you said bookings this quarter have been up double digits. You're ahead on rate and volume. Why aren't we really seeing that reflected in the fourth quarter?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, first off, on the 100 basis points for Empress, I think that's a little bit high. I would say it's sub-50 basis points in terms of the impact year-over-year. But I think one of the factors is, is, one, it's a tougher year-over-year comp for us, especially in the Caribbean because we saw very strong trends in the Caribbean last year, outside of Empress. I mean, you look at the strength that's happening the back half of the year, a lot of that is coming from North American demand trends for Europe. And, as I commented, it's a much lesser portion of our capacity in Q4.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it, thanks, okay. And can you just share what...
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: The other thing I want to just add, Jared, is the fourth quarter was really when Harmony came into the Caribbean last year and it was kind of record, incredible demand for Harmony, which also makes that Q4 comp very, very difficult for us year-over-year.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. Okay. And can you just share what percentage you're booked for 2018 right now and how that compares to historical?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, we typically say is we're at least 50% booked 12 months out, and it's pretty linear.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stuart Gordon with Berenberg.
Stuart J. Gordon - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Yeah, good afternoon. I was just wondering. On the talk of the joint ventures, whether you could give us some like-for-like numbers with last year, given the changes that have happened on that front in the first half? And secondly, just to clarify on Europe, you were obviously talking a bit more North American sourced passengers this year, which was helping pricing. But you also seemed to suggest that the pricing gap between North American and European sourced passenger was closing. Could you confirm that was the case and give some color on sort of what the gap is now? Thanks.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Well, we don't provide specific color or guidance on the JVs. But what we have said in the past is that as TUI takes on more capacity, on average, as an enterprise, they've been adding $50 million to $60 million a year in earnings and about half of that comes directly to us. That, in combination with stronger booking trends, can kind of give you some direction in terms of how their performance is doing. Yes, the gap between North American and European guests has shrunk, but the North American consumer does not only spend more on the ticket, but they also spend quite a bit more on the ships. The driver of that has actually to do more on the shore excursion side, because it's kind of more of a bucket list vacation experience for them and so they tend to spend more on board than the European guests. And while that gap has shrunken somewhat, certainly, it's a more profitable opportunity for us if we're sourcing more North American guests versus European guests. The last thing I would just add on that point is that as the North American consumer is eating up a lot of that capacity, it also puts the European consumer in a position where they have to spend more in order to get onto the ships.
Stuart J. Gordon - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Yeah, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. A couple of questions for me, the first, as it regards to the psychology of your passengers as we think about the geopolitical component of your business, clearly, we haven't been hit with the multitude or the magnitude of events that we saw last year, but we did see some events in the UK over the course of the second quarter. So I guess my question is, it seems like that didn't really impact you much, if at all. I guess, first, is that accurate? Second, do think that's more of a function of geography or do you think that we're at the point that people aren't as easily scared away when they see something like that? That would seem to be a much more bullish signal as we think about de-risking your business. Can you speak to that?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. I'm not sure, unfortunately, that there are that many fewer incidents. I do think people have a little bit, your latter point, acclimated to them and see them as perhaps less relevant to them. I'm not sure that's a good sign for society, but that's a positive sign for the cruise business. I also think there is a perception that this is a good vacation to be doing. And so I think overall, at least the kind of pattern that we are experiencing today, it seems to be less of an issue. I'm not sure that we'd be willing to extrapolate that to all kinds of issues or all levels of intensity or frequency.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: And I guess to that last point, you talk about strength of your North American passengers going to Europe. You see that as more getting back to where we were prior to a really bad 2016 or are we beyond that in terms of the demand in terms of those North American passengers?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi, James, it's Michael. I think it's probably a combination of the two. I think there's a little bit of a cyclical impact on vacationing to Europe. But certainly, I think to Richard's point, people are becoming more, I guess, used to these events. And I think there's just more of a desire attached also to currency for Americans to travel to Europe.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. And then, last question for me, Jason, a couple of times in the prepared remarks, you talked about the various factors impacting the increased cost guidance. You talked about load factors. You talked about timing, and you talked about investment in revenue-enhancing projects. I guess, A, could you give us sort of an order of magnitude on those? I'm assuming those are in the order of their importance. And then, I guess, secondly, how much of those costs are ongoing in nature, sort of a new run rate and which, if any, do we maybe get back next year?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. So, one, in terms of the order, I would say it's kind of load factor and then it's investments and revenue-enhancing projects. A little bit of it's timing. So there's not really a large element here that is something that we are moving forward from 2018. Again, this is really us kind of looking through the profitability lens investments that we can make in order to improve the top-line to expand returns.
James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Excellent. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, James.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks, good morning. As capacity swings from a decrease in 2017 to positive growth that accelerates through 2019, what is the expected contribution in net yield in the bottom-line? And are there any reasons why the new ships may differ from the more recent additions?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. Stephen, obviously, as the capacity comes on, especially the new ships, because of the inventory mix of the ships, the additional onboard revenue venues that are located on those ships, they certainly are good tailwinds to 2018 and 2019 and beyond. They also benefit us, obviously, on the back office side, by us able to grab more economies of scale as that capacity comes on. I'm not going to get into specifically, because it depends on the year, when the new capacity is coming on in terms of what the impact is on our yields going forward, but certainly, they are tailwinds and not only are they good individual contributors, but they also help support the brand message and attract guests to our broader fleet.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Fair enough. And then, maybe another follow-up, what are you seeing in terms of new-to-cruise passengers by region and how much of a contributor has that been to the overall demand environment?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hi Stephen, it's Michael. We're pleased with the new-to-cruise developments. I mean, obviously, in the emerging markets like China, the majority of our guests are new-to-cruise, and, of course, that's an opportunity that we can continue to pursue. In the America market, we've been quite focused on developing the new-to-cruise in the millennial market, and we have been making very good progress over the past couple of years. So if you look back over time, you'd see a decrease year-over-year in new-to-cruise and millennial to Royal Caribbean International. But over the past two years, we've seen a good increase. Part of that's related to a messaging and a marketing strategy where we've moved from really traditional marketing to more digital. And we're seeing a good pick-up from new-to-cruise. So we think there is opportunity in the American market and the European market, and, of course, in the emerging markets for new-to-cruise. And a lot of the brand messaging is very much focused on that opportunity. And it's also fair to say that the new Celebrity Edge, which is a stunning new ship, is also focused on that market opportunity.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd.: Good morning, guys, great Q2. A couple of quick questions, there seems to be some caution, I think, that has been pointed out, especially maybe, Richard, in your comments for 2018. Is it, again, just being cautious or the fact that, for example, the dollar has weakened, and so for 2018, Europe might not be as attractive to the North American sourced passenger that has been the key driving force here?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi, Assia, I tried to say it was purely caution. We're having an extraordinarily good year in an extraordinarily strong market. And I think it behooves us to say that not everything goes your way every time, but the objective facts are very positive. The weak dollar, first of all, I have trouble calling it a weak dollar, because when we look at, for example, our DOUBLE-DOUBLE, the strong dollar has been an enormous headwind. And I think one of the reasons that we're feeling so good about 2017 is to have reached our DOUBLE-DOUBLE goals or about to reach our DOUBLE-DOUBLE goals in the face of the very strong headwinds of the strong dollar, really makes us feel quite good. The slightly less strong dollar, I'm going to use it, I'm going to describe it that way.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd.: Fair enough, yeah.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Is the glass half full or half empty? The slightly less strong dollar is actually helpful to us in every which way and so this is a positive for us after so long of facing these headwinds. And I remind you that the dollar strength for 2017 is ending up about where it was in 2016 on our trade-weighted basis. The difference is it's gotten better. It rose up. The dollar got stronger by the end of April of this year and then it got weaker again. But we're basically back to where we were last year, no stronger, no weaker. So I would feel very happy if we simply can carry on with another year without more headwinds. But again, I do want to make it clear, we view the weaker dollar as positive for us overall, balancing those things that are helpful and those things that are harmful.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd.: Very helpful, Richard, thank you. And a quick question, maybe, Jason, you can help me better understand this. So out of the $0.21, $0.22 of the EPS range increase for the back half of the year, would it be fair to say that the half that is operational is primarily driven by TUI and the slightly better Pullmantur?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: No. The other half that's operational is really driven by strong demand trends for the Caribbean and for Europe in the North American consumer. TUI and Pullmantur have a modest help in that, and that's somewhat kind of helping offset the cost increase that we have.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd.: Yes. Okay, great. Thank you for the clarification. And I'll sneak one last question. Is it fair to say that the restriction on South Korea, if it starts to get lifted within a month, you might be able to start sailing again or is that too short of a timeframe?
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Yeah. I mean, obviously, if it's lifted, we're optimistic at some point it will be, then probably within a few weeks of that taking place, we'd be offering itineraries, including South Korea.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd.: Thank you, Michael. Thank you all.
Michael Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: You're welcome.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: But do remember, we're nearing the end of the season there. So I think at this stage...
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd.: I'm fully aware, Richard. Yeah.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd.: Unfortunately, it didn't happen sooner. And so...
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes, exactly. Thanks, Assia.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan McKenzie from Buckingham Research.
Dan J. McKenzie - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Oh, hey, good morning. Thanks for the time, guys. If I could go back to the digital capability commentary, I appreciate the perspective on the timing of the rollout, but how should we think about the revenue opportunity once it's fully up and running? And related to that, what are you thinking will be the bigger drivers encompassed in this part of the business? I'm hoping you can elaborate a little further here.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hey, Dan. Well, obviously, I think there will be a lot of benefit from us taking friction out of the cruise experience. But I think where we see the clear monetization opportunity is getting people to obviously book in an easier way with us, so whether that's via the web or via their digital device, their ability to pre-book activities. Ad whether that's shore excursion or manage their calendar on the ship through the entire customer journey, there's lots of opportunities to be able to stimulate the consumer to spend and also to allow them to kind of plan their vacations accordingly. And by putting that tool in their hands, we think that there is an opportunity to improve the top-line.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Dan, you did cheat to go over, but I'll cheat to add to Jason's comment. Remember, I know everybody's focus tends to be on the guest-facing activities and those are the ones that are easier to monetize. But we view this whole process as multi-dimensional. And so a lot of it is relating to data analytics, data science. It's the marketing program. But a lot of it's also to make us better in delivering, so these are tools that are available to our crew members. These are things that reduce the friction for them in coming to the ship and being employed and all the work that they have to do, tools that make them better at producing the service. We also use it for safety features, better supply logistics. So it's a really multi-dimensional tool that I just would emphasize, the more visible part will be the kind of guest-facing things that we talked about. But I would not underestimate the importance, long-run, in terms of our position in the market, in terms of our ability to produce these kinds of revenues of the other aspects of the tools.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Dorothy, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. Your final question comes from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research.
Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe one on Cuba, could you just update us on your thinking for that area? And I know on past calls, you've mentioned you didn't that it'd be that material, but it could provide a lift for Caribbean interest in general. Curious if you've seen that lift and how are you thinking about that going into 2018?
Adam M. Goldstein - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi, Vince, it's Adam. So, yes, so I think it's important to start out the answer to this question by reminding everybody that the Cuba sailings, in total, approach 1% of our company's inventory. So there's really nothing that could happen in that 1% bucket that would meaningfully affect our performance, at it has been discussed today. We are pleased with the level of bookings and the interest that we've received from the two of our brands, Royal Caribbean International and Azamara Club Cruises, that are taking people to Cuba. And I think our sense of the longer-term potential of Cuba to help with how people view Caribbean cruising is very positive, but it's going to take considerable time for Cuba, especially to develop the infrastructure to have a meaningful amount of cruising taking place there. So we look at it as being very early days, very positive so far, but still a long road ahead.
Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Okay. So just before signing off, I wanted to provide a big thank you to Carol for her great work in the IR role. And we wish her the best of luck in her new role as the Chief Operating Officer of our Azamara brand. And, of course, we appreciate everyone's participation and interest in the company. Carola, and I think Carol will be with her as well, will be available for any follow-ups you might have today. And we wish you all a very great day. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason Liberty - CFO Richard Fain - Chairman and CEO Adam Goldstein - President and COO Michael Bayley - President and CEO, Royal Caribbean International Carol Cabezas - VP of IR
Analysts: Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo David Beckel - Bernstein Research Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Robin Farley - UBS Harry Cutis - Nomura Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research Vince Ciepiel - Cleveland Research Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Jamie Katz - MorningStar
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Jason Liberty, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, our President and Chief operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carol Cabezas, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filing and other disclosures. Also, before we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Unless we state otherwise all metrics are in a constant currency adjusted basis. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow with a recap of our first quarter results, provide an update on the booking environment and then provide an update on our full year and second quarter guidance for 2017. We will then open the call up for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Jason, and good morning everybody. It's been another exciting quarter here at Royal Caribbean, and I am pleased to be able to talk to you all about it. Actually the best news today is no news. We set aggressive goals for ourselves and we're executing nicely against them. I'll start with the Double-Double Program which has proven so successful in routing a massive organization across both land and sea. We have used it to inculcate a focus on effectuating step change in our profitability and it's done just that. This quarter, again, illustrates our team's focused on maximizing revenue opportunities while maintaining cost discipline. Growing yields by 6% this quarter which follows a 7% growth rate last year, it's remarkable and it supports the increase in our guidance for the year. Our first quarter results were up 74% from last year which also shows that our focus on improving specifically the winter season is working. Looking ahead to the year, we see the business progressing pretty much as we expected. We keep emphasizing that we manage our year on an annual basis and the variations between quarters on the norm rather than the exception. I know some of our investors attempt to draw inferences from fluctuations within the year, but we just haven’t found these quarterly variations to be terribly helpful indicators of the year as a whole. That’s not because we can foresee all the events that invariably takes place rather it's because during the year we often have opportunities to adjust our business in ways that allow us to manage the variations throughout the year. Now, these actions call to my mind the image of a duck gliding calmly through the water. As we look at the scene from the shore, all we see is an elegant duck gliding serenely across the pond. But under the surface, there is a lot of fierce activity with a lot of energetic paddling. I am really very proud of the fierce activity that our team brings to the work day in and day out. Obviously, they can't handle every contingency no matter how hard they paddle, but our track record to date is pretty reassuring. As you know, we've raised our guidance for the year by about a dime. However, the real impact of our message is that little has changed since our call three months ago. At that time, we said that bookings were outstanding and accordingly, we predicted a strong revenue growth for 2017. That prediction is proving accurate. In fact, we continue to revel in strong daily booking reports. The main negative has been the situation in Korea with the Chinese government is in a dispute with the Korean government. We re-juggled our itineraries to suit, but it is hurting. It is reminiscent of the China-Japan dispute from several years ago. But fortunately, bookings in Europe and elsewhere have compensated. Shifting now to another event during the quarter, the prestige is good news for the future. A couple of weeks ago, we introduced the new design, the Celebrity Edge. Edge of Celebrities newest ship is being introduced late next year. While I've been lucky enough over the years have been involved with a number of transformational ship designs and most recently with the Oasis of the Seas. Based on all that experience, I believe that Celebrity Edge will be yet another transformational ship, which will influence of the design of ships for years to come. Everything about the Edge-Class is new and exciting. The decor is highly unique and the new spaces are totally inspired. Actually, speaking of inspired, we've just announced a partnership with the Malala foundation and we're re honored that she will be the godmother of Celebrity Edge. She's an amazing inspiration to young women everywhere, and she inspires all of us here as well. But I'm a numbers person and there are several statistics about the ship, which is striking. One number that speaks volumes to me is double, as in double the percentage of suites. On Edge-Class, our mix of suite staterooms is 12%, which is a little more than double the amount for most of our existing ships. Since our guest pay more for a suite, doubling the suite count is not a bad thing to do. Another great number is 23, as in Edge is standard veranda cabin is 23% larger than the corporate ones. This is due to the innovation in the way the cabins are designed and built. It involves changing the very structure of our rooms so that all the veranda space can be converted into air-conditioned living area at the push of a button. For all of you who've travelled on a ship before, you understand well that the space comes at a huge premium at sea and this 23% increase in space will translate into yield premiums for this class of ships. At the same time that we revealed the magic of Celebrity Edge, we also revealed some of the design techniques that enabled us to create such a product. In particular, we publicly revealed our new innovation lab. It allows us to design a ship fully in three dimensions, which also allows us to involve more creativity and more of our people's expertise in the process. We take great pride in creating the most innovative ships that attract the most premium yields. Now with this new lab, we can design and build these ships in an ever more efficient and effective way by bringing these spaces to life in 3D right here in our offices. We also shared some of the vision, which I referred to as Project Excalibur during our last call. Starting over 2 years ago, we have found intuitive digital applications to make the guest experience simpler and more comfortable. We'll be able to open the door to your room without pulling out a card or key, request a beverage real time from the comfort of your lounge chair and get recommendations for your traveling companion based on their preferences. We take our guest vacation time seriously and technology is a great enabler to improve the use of that. Based on the experience we have gained over the last 2 years of our Smart Ship programs, we are now embarking on a new generation of technology to increase our competitive advantage in this area. As you can see, we have a lot to be motivated about. Our performance continues on a steady upward trajectory. We have reached investment grade. We're embarking on another share repurchase program and our current efforts are setting us up for even greater long-term success. Clearly, the future for cruise has never been brighter, which should make Jason Schaub very easy. So with that, I get to hand the call back over to Jason, who has come, may I note, such an easy job. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Well, thank you, Richard. And as always, thank you for trying to make my job easier. I will begin by talking about our result of the first quarter. Unless, I state differently, all metrics are on a constant currency basis. Our first quarter results are summarized on Slide 2. For the quarter, we generated adjusted earnings per share of $0.99, which is approximately $0.09 higher than our guidance and 74% higher than the same time last year. Net revenue yields are up 6% for the quarter, which is noteworthy considering this followed a 7% improvement last year. This past quarter results were driven by continued strength in both ticket and onboard revenue. On the ticket side, we received stronger closing bookings for the Caribbean, which resulted in better than expected occupancy and pricing for the quarter. Onboard revenue yield was up 8.9% for the quarter. The strong year-over-year growth was driven by a combination of our new hardware, shore excursions and utilization of VOOM and Xcelerate, our high-speed Internet offerings. As I mentioned over the past couple of quarters, guest spend has been continuing to shift towards areas that involve experiences over buying things. Our costs for the quarter were in line with guidance, ending down 4.4%. Now I'd like to update you on what we're seeing in the demand of environment. On our last earnings call, we noted that WAVE was off to a very strong start. These WAVE trends continued in both sides of the Atlantic with bookings exceeding last use levels on both the volume and rate basis. As a result, we are booked ahead of same time last year in both occupancy and pricing in each remaining quarter and have approximately 15% fewer guests left to book that at this point last year. Demand for European sailings has been particularly strong from North America and as a result, these itineraries our book at significantly higher APD and load factor than same time last year. The APD strength is particularly impressive when you consider that Harmony of the Seas spent our inaugural summer season in the Mediterranean last year, making year-over-year comparisons more difficult. We are also seeing strong booking trends from European sourced markets, but since we have a lot less inventory left to sell, we will end up sailing with a greater mix of North American guests than in a typical season. These sourcing ships are going to an even stronger rate position as North Americans usually spend more than the average on European cruises and take more shore excursions. Trends for North American products continue to please. Our summer Alaska sailing benefited from a strong WAVE period and remained on track to outperform last year's record season. The Caribbean accounts were close to half of our capacity for the year and overall is performing as expected. Over the past three months, both bookings and pricing have been above last year's level and Harmony of the Seas is commanding premium prices for her first summer Caribbean season. Now, I'll turn to the Asia-Pacific region, which represents approximately 20% of our capacity this year. Our China, Australia and Southeast Asia itineraries are each booked nicely higher than last year in load factor. The Australian market welcomed Ovation of the Seas to Sydney this winter and yields did not disappoint. In addition, Australia itineraries for next winter are in a strong book position despite industry capacity growth. We did experience a decrease in demand for our China sailings as we work through itinerary changes related to Korea, but the product remained ahead and demand is returning to expected levels. Before we discuss full-year guidance, I would like to elaborate on our progress towards our financial objectives of improving shareholder returns, being an investment grade company and modestly growing our business. As you saw in the release this morning, our Board authorized a $500 million share repurchase program. We entered this program with a view of buying shares opportunistically over the next year. This program in combination with improving earnings by close to 17% per annum over the past 5 years, growing our dividend fivefold and repurchasing approximately $750 million in shares during the same period, demonstrates our continued commitment to improving shareholder value. Additionally, last week, we achieved our investment grade objective when we were upgraded to Baa3 by Moody's. If you turn to Slide 3, you will see our updated guidance for the full year 2017. Net revenue yields are expected to grow 4.5% to 6%, an increase relative to previous expectations. This higher guidance incorporates the outperformance in the first quarter, strong demand for North American and European cruises and the expected negative impact from Korean deployment changes. From a cost perspective, we are anticipating net cruise costs including fuel to be flat to slightly up and marginal increase relative to previous expectations. We expect fuel expense of $770 million for the year and we are 60% hedged. Based on current fuel prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per shares are expected to be of the range of $7 to $7.20, $0.10 higher than previous guidance. This range represents our fifth consecutive year of double digit earnings growth. Before moving onto the second quarter, I wanted to reiterate the guidance we gave on our last call regarding our yield and cost cadence for the year. Our yield improvement is expected to be higher and our costs are expected to be lower in the first half of the year as we benefit from new capacity and rapid deconsolidation of Pullmantur. Now we can turn onto our guidance for the second quarter which is on Slide 4. We expect net revenue yields to be up 10% to 10.5% for the second quarter. The main drivers of this year-over-year improvement are strong demand for our European and North American itineraries, new hardware and the deconsolidation of Pullmantur. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be down approximately 2%. Based on current fuel prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter are expected to be in the range of $1.60 to $1.65. With that, I will ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steven Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski: So first the two part question around you updated guidance. First, I would assume that are updated guidance does not include any incremental buybacks from today's announcement?
Richard Fain: Steve, obviously, we said in the release also in my remarks that we're going to be doing this opportunistically. But we're not going to specifically parse out the guidance, but if we did, it's not going to be a material change to our earnings for the year or EPS ratings for the year.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay and then second part around that, the updated guidance, I guess. When we look at your updated earnings range now with the midpoint of $7.10, I guess the right way to say this and I know you'll probably cringe when I say this, but can we put some closure now to the Double-Double? I mean that was supposed to be originally about 6.70 I think and now you're low on your guidance is $7, which again doesn’t include any material buyback support. So, what am I not thinking about right there?
Richard Fain: Well, I'd say that you're not thinking about it correct, but I think in terms of Double-Double, it's -- everyday we're in the trenches making sure that we achieve those targets. So, I wouldn't say we're at a point yet where we're running a victory lap here or very focused on achieving that and making those targets.
Jason Liberty: Yes, Steve. I think I would also add besides, yes, as Jason said it something that we really have to keep focusing on every day. The program was really more than just those two numbers. The two numbers are an important part of it, but what's really an approach in trying to galvanize everybody working towards it. So in an ideal world, we would do as much better as we can and of course you know it's not our intention to stop with 2017 anyhow.
Steven Wieczynski: And then one more quick question just around China, if I could. Can you just give a little more color around the net of consumers, the Chinese consumers' behavior after you've started changing around those Korean itineraries? That might be pretty helpful.
Michael Bayley: Steve, it's Michael. Yes, I think when this initially happened which was towards the middle of March. Obviously, there was a slowdown and there was a little bit of confusion in the market because everything had to be adjusted and itineraries have to be changed and whatnot. The fortunate thing is of course the Japan is very popular with the Chinese consumers. So, we actually started to see some demand coming in because of the changes that have been made with many of the itineraries. So, initially, it was a little bit -- there was a bit of turmoil and uncertainty. And as Jason had already commented, we started to see the demand return back to its previous levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder: A couple things or just to stay on Steve's question on China and South Korea here. You talked a little bit about the consumer there, Michael, can you talk about how your distribution partners have reacted? And then also, Jason just to reconfirm, china as a whole is still tracking above on a year-over-year. I thought that's what you said in your preamble, but just wanted to reconfirm that?
Jason Liberty: Before the Korean situation, we were in a pretty good position so we had a lot of inventory already add and we're in a good place. I think the same thing happened with our distribution has happened with the customers. Initially obviously there's just confusion in the marketplace as to what exactly is going to happen and it took a couple of weeks, I think, for everything to get sorted out and straightened out. So, I think obviously with the change, the drop of the Korean itineraries, it changes the dynamics in terms of the distribution and the product that have gone into the market. And then to a certain extent, with the new itineraries that were put into place by ourselves and competing brands, then it's is just a different product offering in the market and that's a different kind of relationship with the distribution. So, I think we've kind of been through the period where we've had that initial turmoil and things are starting to settle down more now.
Jason Liberty: Tim, and in terms of kind of what I commented in my remarks, yes, we don't guide by market. What I did say is that, as we said on our last call, we were in a very strong book position. We continue to be in a very good book position for China.
Richard Fain: Okay. And then Jason also just another clarification, I think when you're talking about the last three months of booking and pricing above last year's levels and Harmony. That was all in context with the Caribbean, correct?
Jason Liberty: For Harmony, yes. But overall, the booking levels we've seen I think I commented it was on both sides of the Atlantic that we've seen strong demand from European consumers as well as North American consumers. And obviously, those core products for them would be North American products with the Caribbean, Alaska, Bermuda, and also would be Europe.
Timothy Conder: Okay, and you've given some of the -- you've talked about the cadence of the quarter and now the first half, you've got higher yields, lower costs, and I think in the prior call, you commented that that reverses somewhat in the back half of the year here with the yields having more difficult comparison. The hardware doesn't benefit as much, the deconsolidation of Pullmantur does not, yet the underlying core fundamentals seem to be good -- any color or just update on the cadence between Q3, Q4 here?
Jason Liberty: First, allow me to say that it's pretty remarkable that, how our forecast has been for the quarters is actually very much in line with how we expected the year to play out when we gave guidance in late January. So the high yield improvement in the second quarter, which is really mainly driven by strong demand for our North American products and European products, was very much in line with what we thought it was going to be for the second quarter. And as you pointed out, Tim, as you begin to lap the new hardware and lap the Pullmantur deconsolidation, you really kind of move into a more kind of normalized second half of the year without those structural changes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Beckel with Bernstein Research.
David Beckel: I was wondering if you could help us better understand the extent to which of the Korean restrictions is reflected in the adjustment to your guidance, which was of course offset by Europe. Can you help us towards dimensionalize the overall impact? And also how long do you expect this disruption to last?
Jason Liberty: Yes, well, I can -- I've been talking how long do we thing the disruption is going to last, that requires a crystal ball that we don't own. But there's obviously been times in the past, I think it was in '14 when there was a dispute over a set of rocks between Japan and China and that was resolved in a reasonable period of time. In terms of the impact, I'm not going to give you a specific number, but I will tell you that it's not a very -- it's not a very material change to our forecast. And as we said, strength in other products, which is why we benefit from this kind of global portfolio of products and markets are offsetting what we expect the impact will be in China due to the change in the Korean sailings.
David Beckel: Got it. And the second question, yesterday, you've announced your public deployment plans for Asia, 2018, 2019. A few things stuck out to us. First thing that the new Quantum ship will be sent out by region, but it seemed like there's no specific mention of China rather just Asia Pacific and you also announced that Mariner was moving to the U.S. Is there anything we should be reading into these moves about tempering of expectations as it relates to the Chinese market?
Jason Liberty: No, I mean I think I believe that we had stated that Quantum Ultra would be going out to Asia Pacific and it would be going to China along with Singapore and Australia, which is quite normal for us to do that. So, we're quite excited about that in 2019. And then with Mariner moving back into the states, that was really about timing. Mariner was coming out anyway when Quantum Plus came into the market. And we had an opportunity because we've got some revitalization and dry dock work that's quite extensive that we're planning for Mariner.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: So, I have a big picture question that I wanted to start with and on some of the conversations that we have with investors. They're kind of concern that this is as good as it gets. So, I was just wondering, how you would respond to that and what are you seeing today that makes you confident that these trends can continue?
Richard Fain: Hi, Felicia, it's Richard. Not quite sure how to answer that. I understand the question and I guess I've heard it in different ways before. It is a good time and I think one of the points we try to make is, it's an overall tone that we've seen in the number of markets. And frankly, we've been a little bit surprised at just how strong this year has developed. I think we're also feeling pretty good about the execution our teams have done. When you look at the introduction, as you know, of the Celebrity Edge, Harmony is blowing it out of the ballpark. The new ships, the upgrades to the ships that are different brands have done. Symphony of the Seas which comes out in April next year, the forward bookings are terrific. I think we both also know that nothing lasts forever and things do go up and down and, coming back to an earlier question, that's something you always have to worry about is we do see volatility in things like foreign-exchange rates, we do see things happening in the world. But overall, I think I would just say more and more people are understanding the wonderful value of cruising and so as that message gets out, we're really seeing people learning and moving forward. And I think the other thing from my perspective which is very good is just to see how well our teams are doing in terms of the product delivery, in terms of the marketing of that, in terms of using social media. I know I'm going on in a number of things, but there's so many things happening. To answer questions, I think I have to, Felicia. The other thing coming back to something Jason mentioned. A few years ago, if you talk to somebody, what is it you want? I want a flatscreen TV. I want a big TV. I want a better car. And now people really are seeming to say, this is the time I can spend with my family, this is the time I can develop memories that will last me. And I do think that somewhat of a cultural shift and I think we're benefiting from that. And we're working to supply the ships and the people and everything else that makes that happen. So, I don't think we're seeing a sudden spike that makes this as good as it gets and we certainly will continue to do our best to take advantage of that what appears to be a cultural shift for us.
Felicia Hendrix: And I would assume -- and I know you talked last quarter about how the booking curve -- you're not trying to keep elongating that for various reasons. But I'm assuming the length of the booking curve and the visibility that you have today also gives you some comfort in what you're seeing in the future, more so than you were able to in the past.
Richard Fain: Yes, it's a good point. So it's given us a little more comfort. Again, many of these things do change, but it's pretty far out there and so it does -- I think you're exactly right, it does give us some comfort. Particularly, it gives us more visibility.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. And then Jason, just a question. So on the second quarter net yield guidance, the 10% to 10.5%, I was just wondering how much of that is in a same-store basis? So before Pullmantur, the Easter shift, the addition of Harmony, Ovation, so before all of those things, what's the underlying apples-to-apples net yields change? And then also on your full-year guidance, okay, so we know it benefited from the past through of the quarter, and you didn't really change our second half net yield outlook, but it does seem that your cost outlook increased a bit. So, I'm just wondering, it seems to me like there might be something incrementally a bit better in the second half? Can you also address that?
Jason Liberty: Okay, so in terms of the second quarter, on the same-store sales side, a little over 1/2 of the yield improvement just comes from like-for-like improvement in the fleet, while the other half, it's a combination of new hardware and the Pullmantur deconsolidation. On the cost side, we very marginally increased our cost for the year. There's not one specific thing, but it's a very immaterial change.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, so it's so immaterial that you're upside is just -- it's simply the past-through of the quarter?
Jason Liberty: Yes, that's right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: I'm wondering, if you can talk about 2018. It seems like you opened up sailings for next year earlier than you would have at the same time last year. So, I don't know if you have any initial -- is it fair to assume that your fair pricing volume for 2018 as well?
Jason Liberty: I would say good try, Robin, for us to begin to comment on 2018. It's a little bit early for us to start the kind of give stats around it. There are some additional sailings that have been opened up for '18, but it's really has more to do around the launch of new ships like Edge and Symphony that come out next year and that's really kind of what's driving some more recent announcements in terms of deployments for our 2018.
Robin Farley: Okay, that's fair enough. And also just to circle back to the topic. I know you've made a couple of comments on it already, but just some about the impact of Korea on China itineraries. Can you give us just kind of a rough sense as how you expect China yields to be with the impact of the disruption in Korea now? Does that leave you for the year with yields maybe flattish in the market or maybe slightly down given the Korea situation or actually some positives?
Jason Liberty: Well, again, I'm not going to give specific guidance on the yield side, but obviously, making a decision to put Quantum Plus and a brand-new shipment talks about our confidence in China.
Richard Fain: Robin, as you well know, China will have its ups and downs. Something like this is very frustrating. You probably recall how the emotion in our voice when we complained about the problem a few years ago between China and Japan. It's very frustrating. But it's such an upward-trending market. It's such a large and growing market. And when you see just the thing I'd like to quote, which is that there will be more middleclass Chinese than the population Asian of either the United States or all of Europe. You simply say, yes, we will have bumps in the road and sometimes those bumps will be big bumps, but it's still part of on an onward and upward trajectory. So that's the way I think we're looking at this.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Cutis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Two quick questions. How much capacity have you got left to sell for the balance of this year in Europe? I'm trying to get a sense of how much leverage you've got to -- or incremental leverage from here that you have to -- the strength in Europe whether it's U.S. to Europe or Europe to Europe passengers?
Jason Liberty: Hi, Harry, just to kind of give you kind of more of a framing, we certainly have a lot less capacity to sell for Europe than we did same time last year. And as I commented on my remarks, there's also greater mix shift of North American versus European this year, which would also help you understand that most North Americans book much further out than Europeans do for their summer holidays. So we have a lot less inventory we have to sell for Europe for the balance of this year.
Harry Curtis: For the balance of this year, can we assume it's 20%, 25% left to sell?
Jason Liberty: Well, I said that -- in my remarks that overall, we have 15% less inventory to sell than we did the same time last year and you combine that with the strength of what we have said about demand for European sailings from North Americans, that would tell you that would probably be above that one.
Harry Curtis: Okay, that's a good effort anyway.
Richard Fain: Points for trying on there.
Harry Curtis: Capacity growth, I'm trying to get a sense of what European -- your biggest markets, European and the Caribbean, your net capacity growth outlooks for 2018 and '19. Some of the folks that we talked to just looking at the bulge and capacity growth and just overall in the cruise industry, a little bit lowered about capacity getting a bit ahead of itself in Europe and the Caribbean over that timeframe and I wonder if you can comment on that?
Jason Liberty: I think the only thing that I would -- it is really talking about '18 capacity because things are still in flux. The thing I'd keep in mind is, for example when Symphony comes out, Symphony will be spending the summer in Europe and the other new capacity that we have, which is in the very latter part of the year Edge, that will have a very mild effect on our Caribbean capacity for 2018. So, there's some shifts, but I don't think there's any materials swings within the products.
Harry Curtis: And then do you have -- I guess, my last question is, from a global perspective inclusive your competitors. Are you getting a sense of how much incremental capacity there's likely to be in '18 and '19 overall?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think on the '18 side, I think we explain -- I'll at least talk to that I think we expect capacity to grow in mid single digits. It can be more elevated in '19 on the gross basis.
Harry Curtis: And is that both in Europe and the Caribbean or is it lower in Europe than in the Caribbean?
Jason Liberty: Well, I don't know exactly where they're going to deploy those ships. I know that obviously, in '19, when we deliver Quantum Plus, that ship will be heading to Asia as Michael referred.
Operator: You're next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: Just on the buyback, so you're know within your range of 3 to 3.5 times debt-to-EBITDA. If I just run higher EBITDA through, then at year end you'll be close to 3 times. So I guess, what I'm getting at is the 500 million buyback seems a little bit light. So can you just give us a sense for how quickly plan to execute that and is it possible that you can announce another buyback before year end?
Jason Liberty: Hi, Jared, I don't think I would ever use the word 500 million and light in the same sentence. But one, I think what we said is that we're going to be looking to purchase $500 million of shares opportunistically, and we'll see how we evolve on that program. There is always the opportunity to lever or use additional free cash flow, but that's a Board decision that will be taken at the time as we start to migrate towards those metrics.
Jared Shojaian: Right, okay. I mean, I'm just looking at my model and I've got over 1 billion in free cash for the balance of the year. So light relative to that perspective, obviously not light relative to your historical standards, but I guess, just as a follow-up on a separate topic, can help instead the joint venture income was down quite a bit in the quarter? Why was that? And how should we think about that growing as the year goes forward?
Jason Liberty: Well, we don't really guide on the borderline, but the driver of that is as we deconsolidated Pullmantur, 49% of their earnings gets recorded into our below the line, where before, obviously, there were above the line. And Pullmantur is a business that has a peak to it with the summer months and has a deeper valleys in the winter period of time and that's really what you're seeing affecting that equity pickup line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vince Ciepiel with Cleveland Research.
Vince Ciepiel: My first question was related on onboard spend that looked especially strong. Just kind of curious, your expectations for onboard for the year? And also if you can comment on what you're seeing with VOOM? I think completed the rollout around this time last year?
Adam Goldstein: Yes, we've been very pleased with the onboard revenue. If you look back at the past quarters we've seen good growth overtime and it continues. One of that Jason has pointed out, what we are saying is a switch to more experience-related revenue streams and obviously we're trying to leverage that. So things like shore excursions obviously beverage, beverage packages, that kind of thing. VOOM is doing well. We've spent a lot of time with pricing model and also with our pre-cruise sales of VOOM and Xcelerate for Celebrity. And in with both cases, we've seen a good pickup, so using the words penetration, how many people we're actually selling the product to we've managed to increase the volume of sales, and we've managed to use different pricing models to reach out and get the revenue up, and that's been quite successful.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Separate topic, I want to focus more on Europe. It's is like a lot of happenings within North American source demand right now. But also keeping in mind that I think capacity is down year-over-year there. So, how much of the strength that we're seeing in Europe is related to demand versus the capacity set up? And how do you think that evolves over the next 12 months to 18 months in Europe?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think in terms of what we're seeing in terms of demand is we're seeing demand actually quite healthy, not just from North Americans but also the European consumers. But the North American consumers, because they book further out, have got what up more of the inventory over the past four or five months, which of course puts us in a leverage position with the consumer to be able to charge more, not only to North America, but also locally on the Europe side. Now, how much of that is driven by less capacity? That's obviously very difficult question to answer, but I think it also shows -- I think one of the things as I commented on my remarks, it's also a difficult comparable for us in Europe because Harmony spent the summer there last year and is not spending the summer there this year. And so I think that really encourages in terms of the yield improvements we're seeing in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: Just have a few follow-ups. I guess, one clarification on the comment about mid single digit capacity growth in the industry. Is that gross or net? And do you see a tipping point anywhere on the future where retirements should start to accelerate?
Jason Liberty: Well the comment I made was is on the gross basis. I'm not sure if there's a tipping point, but certainly, you start to see acceleration of ships at the age of 30 years as you get more 5 years to 10 years out and you can kind of pick your point in time where you think there'd be a higher velocity of netting that will take place.
Stephen Grambling: Okay. And then onboard very-very strong numbers, I think it was probably the best since 2013 on your preoccupied birth date. Can you just talk about any unique drivers in that line of M&A item or any categories and regions that led to that acceleration?
Adam Goldstein: Steven, I think really what we're seeing is we're seeing a really good pickup other pre-cruise sales, that's driving a lot of these revenue. There's really a theories on how impactful pre-cruise sales are and one of the theories is if you sell $1 pre-cruise, you'll probably see anywhere from 20% to 50% uptick in the onboard spend by the very same guest. So pre-cruise sales has been a focus for us and we've seen that for the increase quite nicely, I mean, literally over the past couple of years but it's really accelerated over the past quarter.
Jason Liberty: And just add to it, Stephen, also keep in mind, in terms of how we go to market, there's been more packaging, there's a mix shift that happens between ticketing onboard depending on how were selling that specific raise. And so for packaging, as an example, beverage, we break out that beverage revenue. We put that onto onboard. So there's a little bit of a mix because we're doing more packaging it's showing onboard yields higher than our ticket yields.
Stephen Grambling: That's helpful. And one last very quick one. I don't know if I caught this, but can you talk new to cruise trends and as we look at the strength recently, what has new to cruise look like?
Michael Bayley: Obviously speaking about Royal, we've been quite focused about a new to cruise, particularly in the American market and we're quite pleased with the progress that we've been making last year, it was a really positive your for us in terms of the overall increase in new to cruise, and this year, looks like it's on track to be last year's performance in terms new to cruise. And the way we've got the market and how we go to market has changed quite a lot over the past couple of years and where we're seeing that resonate with the new to cruise potential, so we're feeling quite good about that directionally what we're going with that, even when we do brand awareness research in terms of new to cruise, we feel like we're hitting us but in terms of our marketing and move to digital.
Stephen Grambling: Any qualification there on the growth on new to cruise passengers?
Michael Bayley: No. It's -- we feel pretty good about it at the moment. There is no quantification.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory Badishkanian: Yes, two quick ones on China. You mentioned that it was similar about Japan-China dispute. But what about the 2015 merge issue? And also you mentioned that demand was coming back to normalized levels? How do you expect demand to play out in the high season were demand obviously increases in the summer and we also have a little bit more supply coming into the market to take advantage of that as well?
Michael Bayley: As Jason had pointed out, I think, we're already were in a good position for every quarter in China. And obviously, that's got a relationship to the capacity that's in the market. We don't know for sure how the Q3 is going to play out in terms of the China demand in it is peak season. There's also a possibility of course that things will turn around with the situation in Korea and China. I mean, there's some theories that will occur, but of course, as Jason pointed out, we don't have a crystal ball. The elections in South Korea occur in May, some believe that in June, the situation will resolve itself and that of course great news, if that happened. But we don't know for sure how that will play out in the peak summer.
Gregory Badishkanian: Just comparing it to 2015 issues, how does it compare?
Michael Bayley: You know, it's difficult. I think as Richard had pointed out, this market is a huge opportunity. It's a very much a long-term play, it's developmental. We've been in the market for 10 years. We've been over that decade, we've been through some ups and downs, and I think every year or every other year, we've had something thrown at us whether it's murderous, typhoons, Japan, Korea, tsunamis. And thus, I think we just have to adapt and I believe that we're kind of getting used to these curveballs when they come at us and we're quite flexible and rapid in terms of how we respond to them. But I think it's something that we just have to get used to that is the story of his developing market for us, and we're become a quite adept at dealing with this. So, the comparisons between year-over-year, is very difficult to say but they follow very similar pattern, obviously. Event occurs and we go to a little bit of a minor turmoil and then there's some uncertainty and then these things start to sort themselves out, we typically see the demand coming back.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman: I did want to ask Felicia's question from earlier in the call in a slightly different way about this being as good as it gets. Obviously, yields are difficult, if not impossible, to predict. I wanted to ask about cost though. The cost performance has been really exceptional, probably unprecedented versus historical standards. You've been able to keep costs at pretty flattish for -- assuming your guidance holds 4 years here. And I think every year, we model whatever you guide us to for the year, but we assume in the out year, the cost is going to go up because historically that's what costs do. I guess, any thoughts about your ability to continue to find things to cut and offset whatever inflation that you have?
Jason Liberty: First off, it is incredibly difficult to kind of manage all these new cost inflation's that have been around the world and make an impact our business. What I would tell you is that there is a -- we would just effort to make sure that we are effectively managing our costs. And as we're progressing inflationary type of items, we do keep in mind that as we grow and as our capacity gross, there's opportunity or further opportunity to realize economies to scale in the business. And that's kind of where we're kind of focused. I don't think or I don't think we believe that there are areas where there are large cost opportunities but there's always opportunities on the margin for us to be more cost-effective.
Richard Fain: James, let me just add to that, because I think the question does put its finger on a couple of things that are important. First of all, I really am impressed. The team has just terrific in focusing on this and then in executing against that. But you're also right, you can't do this forever. I do want to emphasize though, our real future continues to be on the revenue side and performing on that and maintaining and expanding the preference for our brands. So one of the things you said was you can keep finding things to cut. And I don't mean to nitpick words I don't think it's so much a question of finding things to cut. It's finding ways to do things better and that may or may not mean a continuation of this -- the flattish trajectory that we've been on because you can't fight inflation forever. But it really is impressive. They keep looking for ways to do things better and still, I would emphasize that our guest satisfaction is higher today than it was last year and last year was a record. Our employee engagement is higher than it was last year and last year was a record. And so I think our objective is to continue to build to maintain our product, our brand preferences and to hold the costs, but I think we will not -- we can't do it forever, but I certainly like to take the opportunity to say thanks to the team for doing as well as they have to get here.
James Hardiman: Agreed. My second question, the bear case coming into the year, with respect to the Caribbean was just a notion that capacity was going to be accelerating thereafter flat to down years. The last couple of -- obviously the first quarter would seem to find the phase of that, but it occurs to be that the majority of the growth in the Caribbean is sort of yet to come. I guess, as you look out to your future bookings, is that capacity wretches up, are you seeing any impact on Caribbean pricing as a result of the increased capacity?
Jason Liberty: Yes, I would say overall, I mean the demand for the Caribbean on both the volume and rate perspective has been very pleasing to us and while there is a bit amount of capacity coming in Q2, Q3 and Q4, what we're seeing in terms of your volume as a general demand has been quite positive and it's not just all for Harmony, it's really for the broader portfolio of product and equipment.
James Hardiman: Great. And then last quick question for me. For the Caribbean versus Europe, obviously you don't guide or give results by region, but so much of last year, probably going back even further was this notion that in quarters where he had more Caribbean since the Caribbean was outperforming your yield was going to benefit from that. It doesn't seem like that's necessarily the case as we look to 2Q. Are we finally at the point where Europe -- European bookings are a drag on your overall yield numbers as they sort of catch up with the Caribbean?
Jason Liberty: I think we're experiencing in Europe, first of all, there's a little more stability, there's been less activities that have disrupted the environment and obviously, this year, we've made a lot of deployment changes that have created kind of a more stable environment in Europe. And so first, I mean, Europe has always been a contributor to our yields. Last year, the Eastern Mediterranean kind of weighted on European yields, but I mean, overall, the demand we're seeing, the pricing we're seeing has been a very good place this year and very similar to what it was in the '14 timeframe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: I should probably warn you that my parents are getting on one of your ships today, so you might want to watch out for the Zackfias. But in terms of question --
Jason Liberty: I hope they bought their wallet, Sharon.
Sharon Zackfia: You might want to cut off the alcohol for them.
Richard Fain: We'll notify security.
Sharon Zackfia: Most of my questions were answered, but I guess, I'm just curious in terms of passengers under 35. How do you feel the appetite is for cruising in that generation and kind of what you're learning might be different or similar to prior cruisers at that kind of same age group?
Michael Bayley: Sharon, which ship are your parents sailing on?
Sharon Zackfia: They're on Navigator. They're going across the Atlantic.
Michael Bayley: That's good. We'll make sure we take good care of them. Under 35, I mean one of -- in the millennial market, one of the things that we believe in is when a millennial has a child, they really come into our sweet spot for Royal Caribbean certainly and as soon as those millennials get kids then they really want to have a great time with their family and we work very well for them. The one obvious thing that's quite meaningful is digital technology and access through whom the world around them. So of course, that's something that we put into place a couple of years ago and I think that's really proven to be successful. The other kind of component is the whole idea of multigenerational vacations and that's something that we really do focus on, this idea that we can offer a multigenerational experience to our customers and of course the Oasis-class ships really are the great expression of that. So, we see some differences, but then we also see a great deal of similarities. Our customers are looking for great quality, great vacation, attentive service, innovation and creating great memories, and I think we really put a lot of energy into creating these a very special moments. So, with the new ones of digital technology and then dining is becoming something that's slightly different with the millennial market and that something that we're obviously focused on both for our current fleet and also as we look at our new builds coming online.
Jason Liberty: We have time for one more question.
Operator: You're next question comes from the line of Jamie Katz from MorningStar.
Jaime Katz: I have just one quick question on pricing integrity. You guys haven't really specifically discussed it in recent quarters, but I'm curious whether you've thought about maybe expanding it to new source markets or if you have thought about changing the duration of it at all?
Richard Fain: Not really. It's been very successful for us. We think it was well designed for the markets it's in. Actually, I was a little taken aback by the question because we really haven't talked about it. We think it's working, but we haven't for a while talked about extending it in any which way. We gradually put it in a little bit of time. I suspect now that you raised the question, we'll take another look at it. But it covers the bulk of our markets anyhow and we haven't talked about it, but I suspect we will.
Jason Liberty: Okay. Well, thank you all for your interest and thank you, Victoria for assistance on the call today. Carol will be available for any follow-up questions you might have and we wish you all a great day.
Operator: Again, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason Liberty – Chief Financial Officer Richard Fain – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael Bayley – President and Chief Executive Officer, Royal Caribbean International
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Steve Wieczynski – Stifel Robin Farley – UBS Tim Conder – Wells Fargo Securities Harry Curtis – Nomura Instinet David Beckel – Bernstein Jared Shojaian – Wolfe Research James Hardiman – Wedbush Securities Gregory Badishkanian – Citi Assia Georgieva – Infiniti Research Jamie Rollo – Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning my name is Kwashia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Jason Liberty, CFO. You may begin your conference.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and Chief operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carol Cabezas, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filing and other disclosures. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow with a recap of our fourth quarter and full year results. I will then provide an update on the current booking environment and we’ll end with full-year and first quarter guidance for 2016. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you Jason and good morning everybody. I'm really excited to have finally arrived here at our DOUBLE-DOUBLE year. We've worked long and hard to get here and I can't say enough about the commitment of our people that has brought us to this auspicious position. As you know the whole purpose of the DOUBLE-DOUBLE Program was to coalesce everyone's efforts to raise our performance to new heights. It's not easy to get 67,000 employees all pulling in the same direction towards the same goal, but this program has done that better than we dare hope. I'm not ready to break out the champagne until the year is over, but I am extremely grateful to each of the men and women who give their all every day. Now before I provide more color on 2017, I’d like to take a moment to review just a few of some of the noteworthy items in 2016. Our focus on the numbers for a moment as they illustrate the level of commitment and focus and our organization is placed on delivering consistent results in spite of unforeseen events that many times have clouded our forecast. First we shared an illustration with you on a last call, which is now complete. On slide 2, you can see that our final results for each of the last five years are remarkably consistent with the guidance that we provided at the beginning of each year. I don't have to remind you that these last five years have not been easy. The period has been marked by significant geopolitical upheaval and significant foreign exchange challenges. I would be surprised if many of the companies that you follow can show a track record as steady or as resilient as this one. This doesn't mean that we are simply great predictors. On the contrary, we suffered from a number of unexpected challenges. However, over this long period and with the help of our DOUBLE-DOUBLE Program our team has shown a very strong capability to make adjustments when the circumstances dictate. No one can forecast of future, but we hope you take comfort in our track record of predicting and/or adjusting to overcome obstacles. As I look back on these years, I couldn't help but notice that we've reached several significant milestones that are worth sharing. On slide 3 you can see the figures that I'm referring to we have tripled our earnings, delivered four consecutive years of double digit earnings growth, grown the dividends by five times and now exceeded $6 in earnings per share. I'm very proud of the employees, both ship or into our site, who have enabled our organization to thrive in this manner. Now these financial results are extraordinary, but we firmly believe that happy employees lead to happy guests and better yields. For that reason I would be remiss if I didn't point out that our employee engagement is at a record high as is their overall satisfaction working here. We remain steadfastly committed to making Royal Caribbean a great place to work so our formulaic for success continues to have a common denominator of happy employees. The second part of the formula, happy guests has also improved. This past year our guests indicated the highest satisfaction levels on record. This is a result of many factors including our many innovations in vessel design and product delivery. But first and foremost, it is due to our fantastic crew, who impressed me every day. But we now stand at a threshold of what promises to be a sensational year, so let's get to that. In our business the beginning of the year starts on a dynamic fashion with what we call WAVE Period. We define that as the first two months of the year and it's important both as a key booking period and as a harbinger of how the year might unfold. We’re half way through wave and so far it's been quite strong. Now you know we're driven by data and the sheer volume of that data is captured by our pricings and our revenue management system is daunting. Interpreting it is as much an art as it is a science. There always seem to be items that indicate one view or the other, but the total picture could probably be summarized by simply pointing out that our book position is better than any time in our history, with higher load factors and at higher rates. However, while we focus mainly on the science part of the process for our forecast, I also take some comfort from the tone or a vibe I get from the people who run our brands and how they interpret all that information. While the numbers have been impressive, I would say that their feelings for 2017 have been even more so. Over the last few months, we have built a tone, which is as good or better than I can ever remember seeing it. Life is good. Long may it continue. Now there are two important points I want to make as it relates to this forecast. First of all, this good booking picture is the basis for the 2017 yield guidance that we’ve provided today and the guidance does take into account all the information we have available now. Secondly, over the last several years our book position has gotten better and better. As we've noted this year sets yet another record, but this process doesn't and won't continue forever. A good market helps drive more early bookings. But it is our revenue management team that have a great deal of control over it as well. My sense is that the booking window has stretched as far as they will ever want it to do. Future years are likely to show the same or lower levels of bookings, as they work to optimize with broad pattern of when and at what level to take more bookings. It’s going to depend on a large number of factors, but I don't expect to announce another record level of bookings a year from today. In addition to industry-wide trends, there are several unique factors that are goosing our numbers this year. Our new ships Harmony of the Seas and Ovation of the Seas are beating the band the team continues to innovate in other ways too, including streaming WiFi and customized destination experiences. VOOM and Xcelerate continue to provide the best WiFi experience of sea, which is the not only a boon to our guest. But also allows unusual onboard digital enhancements. Our ship upgrades are really paying off. Since 2014, we have added over 1,000 over berths, 24 restaurants, 7 bars, refreshed our retail spaces fleet wide and added boutiques such as Kate Spade, Michael Kors and even Tiffany. I won't go into all the other experiential enhancements we've made, but suffice it to say, that you no longer have to choose between playing in the water and watching a big screen movie on most of our ships. No one contributor though small has received quite a lot of attention and that is the approval to sail to Cuba. I admit adding Havana has generated super booking activity for those few lucky itineraries. But the scale is trivial representing less than 1% of our capacity. We are encouraged that future prospects remain positive, but it is time the impact on our financials is marginal and it will be quite some time before this is even remotely material. Before I wrap up and hand it back to Jason, I want to touch on one other topic that I know you will not consider marginal by any means. For some time we have defined our three core financial objectives of improving shareholder returns, being an investment grade company and moderate growth. We continue following that path. Starting with shareholder returns, this is an area where we have made great strides and where we expect to continue. Besides a significant improvement in our financial results since 2012 we engraved dividends by five times and we have repurchased close to $750 million in shares. While these actions are board level decisions, we expect the board will continue to focus on improving shareholder returns as a priority. We will continue to behave like an investment grade company, but as our free cash flow increases, it is reasonable to assume that we will focus more on that. As the final item as you've seen from our new building orders, our growth trajectory has been balanced and remains in a similar range over the coming years. As I said at the beginning of my comments, this coming year is shaping up nicely. But I want to emphasize that the goals of our DOUBLE-DOUBLE Program are not and end in off themselves, but means to an end. Our goal was and is to push ourselves to reach and to maintain a powerful trajectory that helps 2017, but is also focused on 2018 and 2019 and beyond. You can see that we've already taken many steps that aren’t so positive in the short-term, but buttress us for the longer term. We will continue to make such trade-offs if they are in the best interest of our shareholders. I believe that the success of the DOUBLE-DOUBLE Program is not only the boost it has given us to-date. But the powerful focus it has given us that will continue to generate good returns in the future. There’s a lot to look forward to and we are excited to see progress as the year unfolds. With that, I get to turn it back over to Jason. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you Richard. I will begin by taking you to our results for the fourth quarter. Unless, I state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant-currency basis. We have summarized our fourth quarter results on slide 4. For the quarter, we generated adjusted net income of $1.23 per share, which was $0.03 above our October guidance. This was driven primarily by better than expected costs and the outperformance of our joint ventures. Net revenue yields were up 5.3%, which was below our October guidance. Softer close in pricing, combined with lower onboard retail sales, drove most of the yield in this for the quarter. While onboard revenue was slightly lower than expected, yields for the quarter were up 9.5%. costs were better than guidance for the quarter with net cruise cost excluding fuel down 1.9%. We are very proud of the continued effort of our team to identify cost efficiencies throughout the business. I will now discuss full year results which we have summarized on slide 5. This year we set another record in earnings, exceeding the $1.3 billion mark, resulting in adjusted earnings per share of $6.08, which exceeds the midpoint of both our initial guidance and latest guidance. As Richard mentioned, these record earnings also mark a fourth consecutive year of double digit percent growth in earnings. Revenue yield increased 3.9% for the full year. As we look back on to 2016, strong demand from North American products, more than offset weakness in the Eastern Mediterranean and Shanghai. Beverage packaging, high speed internet and additional onboard revenue venues drove up a 7.8% year-over-year increase in ship order revenue. Our focus of effective cost management continue throughout 2016. Costs came in better than expected ending the year up 0.9%. One time launch costs associated with the deliveries of Ovation of the Seas and Harmony of the Seas combined with additional drydock days and investments in growth markets were key drivers of the year-over-year cost growth. Now, I’d like to update you of what we are seeing in a demand environment. Over the past three months, bookings have been well above last year's levels and as a result, we’ve turned the year at a record book position. Our book load factors in APDs are nicely higher that same time last year, the booking window continues to extend and we have fewer stay rooms left to sell for the year. The WAVE Period is off to a strong start with bookings trending nicely higher than last year. While trends have been strong from our key sourcing regions, we are particularly encouraged by what we are seeing in North America. Our full year capacity is decreasing by 2% due to the deconsolidation of Pullmantur with most of the decline occurring in Europe and Brazil. Our capacity is up in North America and is up slightly in the Asia Pacific region as we benefit from a full year of both Harmony of the Seas and Ovation of the Seas in each of these markets respectively. North American products will represent close to 60% of our portfolio in 2017, while we are seeing strong trends across the group, Alaska continues to experience exceptional demand building on a record season in 2016. The Caribbean will account for close to 50% of our full year capacity, up from 2016, mainly due to a full year deployment of Harmony of the Seas and Celebrity Equinox in South Florida. Demand for the Caribbean has been quite strong with bookings trending well ahead of last year and nicely up pacing capacity growth. At this point, our full year Caribbean load factors in APDs are higher than last year. The rate of capacity growth in the Asia Pacific region is slowing considerably in 2017 for both us and the industry. Our capacity will be up by 5% with the combination of China, Southeast Asia and Australia itineraries accounting for 21% of our total deployment. In China, our capacity is down because of the exit of Legend of the Seas and industry capacity is expected to be up approximately 20% compared to 100% in 2016. Overall, we are in a strong book position for the region, particularly in China and Australia with APDs up modestly for the region. We have made several changes to our European deployment, resulting in an overall capacity reduction of 23%. While a portion of this decline is the result of the Pullmantur deconsolidation, we have also significantly reduced our deployment in the challenging Eastern Med, while maintaining the same capacity in the Western Med and slightly increasing our Northern European offerings. Demand for Europe sailings have been very strong thus far particularly from North America. We are now booked at a much higher load factors than last year in both the Mediterranean and Baltics and APDs are also up nicely even though we no longer have the high yielding Harmony of the Seas in Barcelona. Now I’d like to update you in the booking environment for the first quarter. Our overall capacity is up 1% year-over-year as the addition of Harmony of the Seas and Ovation of the Seas is offsetting the reduction associated with Pullmantur. Two-thirds of our Q1 inventories is in the Caribbean, 16% is in Australia and 12% is in China and Southeast Asia. The balance of our capacity is in several other markets, including Dubai in South America. As a reminder, the first quarter of 2016 was very strong with robust trends in the Caribbean and early Easter and our first winter season in China. Despite the challenging year-over-year comparable, our book position is currently higher than same time last year. Now taking all this into account, if you turn to slide 6, you will see our guidance for 2017. As I just described, demand across all key market is trending positively, supporting a robust yield improvement in 2017. Net yields are expected be up in the range of 4% to 6%, which is our eighth consecutive year of yield growth. Our new builds Harmony of the Seas and Ovation of the Seas have been very well received in their respective markets and are significant contributors to the yield improvement in 2017. These two ships combined with further onboard packaging pre-cruise sales, streaming WiFi and enhanced store excursions are expected to help drive another year of strong onboard revenue performance. Net cruise cost excluding fuel are expected to be flat for the year as the teams continue to identify further operational efficiencies. I wanted to provide some color on the expected cadence of yield and cost growth for the year. We anticipate higher yields and lower costs in the first half of the year. This is mainly driven by the timing of last year's new ship deliveries, the exit of older hardware and the timing of the deconsolidation of Pullmantur, which took place in the back half of 2016. We anticipate fuel expense of $704 million for the year and we are 60% hedged. Since our last call, fuel prices have increased and the U.S. dollar has continued to strengthen versus our basket of currencies. The combination of these two factors has resulted in a $0.10 per share headwind to our 2017 earnings. Based on current fuel prices, current exchange rates and interest rates, we expect another record breaking year with adjusted earnings per share between $6.90 and $7.10 in 2017. This represents our fifth consecutive year of double digit earnings growth. Now I’d like to walk you through our first quarter guidance on slide 7. Net yields are expected to be up in the range of 4.5% to 5% for the first quarter, supported by very strong demand for Harmony of the Seas in the Caribbean and Ovation of the Seas in Australia. This improvement, which is in part driven by the deconsolidation of Pullmantur is particularly noteworthy considering a very high bar set last year, but we had a 7% yield improvement during the first quarter. Net cruise cost excluding fuel are expected to be down approximately 4.5% for the quarter. Taking all this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the quarter to be approximately $0.90. With that I will ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix : Jason, I have a couple of questions for you. The first one is you gave us a lot of detail about your position by region. Clearly North American demand is higher year-over-year kind of recovering from terrible host of terrorist events last year. Just wondering as you put together your guidance and you think about 2017, how did you think about Europe, particularly North American demand for Europe.
Jason Liberty: Sure, so I think we always talk about different kind of waves of demand and really even on the last call we talked specifically about seeing strong demand overall. But a lot of that was mainly driven by North America as they looking in that typical window when they started to book for the summer, as well as for the first half of the year. Now going into this, you still have a lot of strong North American demand is what we be overall see is a consistent pattern, actually an elevated pattern over the past three months for North American demand and of course a lot of that demand is specific for Europe as well as, partially to Caribbean and Alaska and so forth.
Felicia Hendrix: So, I guess my question was really though getting to given the sensitivity of the consumers to events in Europe or wherever they may be, as you sorted out the full year. Did you kind of state that into your consideration despite the strength that you're seeing right now?
Jason Liberty: Well, we never build the forecast for perfection, I mean there are events that happened throughout the period, but what was in our consideration set is really, what is our book position on both the rate and volume basis and then also looking at different market dynamics in terms of what’s happening in internal pricing and overall demand, I guess, taken into consideration in terms of what we expect to take place in a product like Europe. As I said those demand trends have been quite positive.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then just moving, you gave us a very strong commentary on the Caribbean and how that’s kind of coming together for this year. That said we do get a lot of investor questions on capacity growth and with the Caribbean up mid-single digits in 2017 over some are level in 2016 and within the quarters, there’s some quarters that are growing nicely. Despite your booking position now, can you talk to us about how comfortable you are that the supply in the Caribbean won't ultimately become an issue?
Jason Liberty: I think we have, obviously we have very good visibility on what the capacity increases are going to be by quarter and by the way the increase in 2017 is a little bit higher than what the increase in the Caribbean was in 2016 past. And I think the way that we look at it is we have an opportunity to get ahead of that and we’ve gone ahead of that and that's kind of based on the commentary of us being ahead on both the rate and volume basis overall as well as, for the product of the Caribbean.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Final question just Cuba is small part of your business, but given that current administration is of the agreements that you have, Cuba could be a risk.
Michael Bayley : Hi Felicia, it's Michael. Yeah, I mean, obviously we're used to – we do business all around the world and we flex as the dynamics change. So we've got a couple - a few sailings open to Cuba at the moment, which is doing very well and we’ve got more coming and we'll just adapt to what comes towards us. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, thank you so much.
Michael Bayley : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Steve Wieczynski from Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: So first question I guess, Jason, it’s probably for you, we've got some questions about the fourth quarter close in pricing issues and I know you tried to explain that a little bit in your prepared remarks. But can you maybe dig into that a little bit more, I know you called out some softer retail sales and maybe what drove that and has that reversed in 2017? Is there something else that we’re not thinking about, did you guys, basically try to hold price a little bit better than what you've done in the past?
Jason Liberty: Yeah sure. Well, I mean, first to start off is the overall revenue in this year was, but we were talking about $8 million or $9 million on a very large number. So and this year is really small and it's not really material. Close in demand I think you've seen this before some quarters, close in is better than we expected and sometimes it's as we expected and sometimes it’s a little bit little bit softer. We did see a little bit of further challenges with our short product as it relates to Empress, as we have rolled that out in a smaller period of time in terms of the days to be able to book it. Also what we saw in the quarter, which I think is also in our - is kind of baked into our commentary about 2017 and the first quarter is we saw kind of a beginning of a shift in focus from Q4 and into 2017. Then the other thing before I kind of just talk about retail for a second is we’ve also instituted, as you know last year this price integrity program and what we're now willing to do is really sacrifice more price in a significant way in order to deal with volumes and we think that is helping us and that's also helping us build a better book of business. The one comment I would say on the retail side the holiday sailings were a little bit awkward in terms of this time of the year and so the mix in guests were a little bit different. I think that resulted in and lower retail and also I mean this has been a little bit of a consistent trend as we see more and more people trading stuff i.e. retail for experiences and we typically see areas like short excursion and beverage and so forth tick up and retail has been a little bit more challenging.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, got you. Then second question, it’s a two part bigger picture question. I know you guys are going to say that, we still have 11 months until in the DOUBLE-DOUBLE Program is behind you. But you can you help us start to think about maybe what comes post-DOUBLE-DOUBLE, if anything, if you would even that? Then the second part of that question is backwards looking. I mean, when DOUBLE-DOUBLE was introduced in 2014 what did surprise meaning, what did you get wrong with your forecasting? And that may not be saying the right way, but what areas did you, so much underestimate and then overestimate as well.
Richard Fain: Hi, Steve, this is Richard. With respect to come the DOUBLE-DOUBLE, I’ll take the second part of the question. First, I think overall it I think worked out very well for us. I think the thing that perhaps we underestimated on the positive side was just how well the organization would respond to the push and how that really lead to everybody moving in the same way and that's been very effective. So I think that’s helped us on the positive side. I think the thing that's been the biggest problem for us may surprise many, but the biggest has been foreign exchange, if we had the same exchange rates today that we had then, our bottom line would be higher by well more than, by close to, in fact, well more than $400 million, that is one hell of an unexpected hit. The positives on fuel offset a little less than half of that, but to have that kind of an FX change that’s unquestionably been the biggest negative throughout. With respect to what comes next, I think we are still the maniacal focused on this and I think, I would to our people who are focused on this and do this whole process of the service by talking about what's next. I think there is a lot of people look at the DOUBLE-DOUBLE and say well, that's been great, why don't you just replicate that or clone it in some way, I think that's unlikely. But I think at this point, we aren't done yet, we’re still focusing on it and I would really like to continue to focus on just the DOUBLE-DOUBLE.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Great. Thank guys. Thanks for that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Thanks. Two questions. One is, can you give a sense of how much share repurchases factored into your 2017 EPS guidance? Then I also do you have a question on the 2017 outlook and it’s kind of tying it to understanding the Q4. You mentioned some of the closer end was tied to the short product, the Empress and that was kind of specific to last minute changes in the itinerary there. Are you sort of factoring in any kind of close in softer or it really was just that short product on the Empress. You mentioned holding price and – but your occupancy I think was up like 250 basis points. So it doesn't seem apparent if there were more cabins empty to preserve price or just sort of if you could help us how to think about what happened there with the close and in the end. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Sure. So just to take the repurchase side of it. Obviously, as Richard mentioned in his remarks, share repurchase is something that would be contemplated by the board, and would need to be approved by the board into our forecasts, don't contemplate decisions of the board hasn’t taken yet, so hopefully that answers the question on share repurchase. As it relates on 2017 outlook and how that rolls forward for the fourth quarter. One on the occupancy side, the important thing to remember is the deconsolidation of Pullmantur is a factor and an improvement on the occupancy aside. Just on average because the shift at operating Pullmantur have very few thirds and fourths that are available on those vessels. Empress as we said was a component of that and I think that - I wouldn’t read too much into – and again we’re talking about some really small numbers, I wouldn’t read too much into what we saw close in. I do think Empress, I do think there were some awkward, the holiday sailings were a little bit awkward, and yeah, I do think that the consumer as well as, the trade really kind of began to focus their attention and obviously in a very serious way based on for the elevated levels we've been seeing for 2017 on the fourth picture.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Jason Liberty: Thanks Robin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Conder: Thank you and congrats to the whole team, Richard. A couple of things if I may, a little bit of updated color or thoughts, I know it hasn’t changed materially, but just on global industry capacity. I know some folks are still concerned about that, as you see the gross capacity versus the net capacity for the industry and for yourself looking out through, let's just say 2021. Then Jason you gave us a little bit of color on 2017 cadence, just may be a little bit more Pullmantur benefits in the front half, I think Ovation and Harmony. But then I think you get another TUI ship and a TUI JV, but maybe have a little more difficult cost compares in the back half. So just maybe a little bit of more there. Then finally Richard or whoever wants to take this on technology. We’re seeing some accelerated adoption and enhancements of data analytics, CRM both in the cruise industry and theme park industry. Can you kind of just recap for us where you are, what you’ve implemented over the last couple of years? Maybe what we can see in 2017 and beyond from oil or your thoughts on the industry in particular?
Jason Liberty: Well, thanks Tim. I think first on the industry side, I think we see, industry capacity during the period of time that you're talking about growing at about 5% or a little bit south of that we’re closer to 4% over that period of time and that's on a gross basis. But at least for us, for example we've been selling about a ship a year, a ship every other year and as we talked about before. I mean, as shift to age and we now have ships going into more the 30 plus year category, we do think that there will be opportunity for the gross number to be reduced, as retirements come into play. Of course, most of our ships that we have sold are going into markets in which we don't – or segments that we don't directly compete in. On the cadence side for the year, and as I said most of our yield in our cost benefit is front loaded this year. You were correct that we do take delivery of another main ship vessel, for three cruises, which does fantastically well. I think to your point in terms of cadence on, I think fourth quarter has a tougher comp on both the yield, as well as, on a cost perspective and so like I said, I think that – what you’ll see is – obviously the guidance on the first quarter and in Q2 will be at an elevated level. Q3 is probably something similar or around the range where you would see in Q1 and Q4 and probably be a little bit lower. Again, that's just based off of the comps.
Richard Fain: Maybe I’ll takes the question on technology as you've heard me say before I think this is a very appropriate topic, you’ve heard me say that I think the pace of exchange that we're finding in our industry and then the world in general is simply slower today then we will ever see again. We need to reflect that in what we're doing. Technology can be used to help attack what is really our biggest single problem, which is that not enough people understand about cruising anything we can do to make the experience better and easier, particularly easier for our guests and for the people who haven't yet been our guest is very helpful. Obviously the question is quite apt in light of Carnival's announcement earlier this year, I view that as really a very positive thing for our industry. It’s a terrific roll-out and got a lot of publicity, which I think again inures to the benefit of all of us. As you mentioned we started a project with what we call our WOWbands a couple of years ago. That's been extremely effective in simplifying the process for our guests. But it's also obvious that the technology has improved a lot in the last two years and what we can all do today is much better than we could have two years ago. So I think you will continue to see us and I hope the rest of the industry continue to move forward with that. We call our internal project Excalibur. But we would expect to be coming out this summer with a new and upgraded new app that does reflect the technologies that are available today. Over this next year we would expect to roll this out to them 6 to 11 new vessels. Then the next year we would expect to be rolling it out at a rate of one to two a month over the period. But I remember at the time that we ruled out WOWbands Lisa Lutoff-Perlo’s comment was we want to give people their first day back. I think that's really a very good way to look at it. More that we can do to ease that process, not only makes it more comfortable for them, but gives them the time to do the other stuff and one of the benefits is not only more on ticket revenue, but also on the onboard revenue as we facilitate those types of processes. So I think this is a trend that's happening in our industry, but it’s happening throughout industry and I think it will enhance the cruise experience and therefore be good for all of us.
Tim Conder: Okay. Great. Thank you both for all the color. Much appreciated.
Operator: And your next audio question comes from the line of Harry Curtis from Nomura Instinet.
Harry Curtis: Hi, good morning. Richard going back to a comment that you just made about the booking windows being stretched about as far as it can go. Can you give a little bit more color on that comment? Are there technical reasons for that? To what degree if at all, might it limit upside and pricing power in future periods?
Richard Fain: Thanks Harry. I appreciate the question because I think it's helpful to understand, it’s not a question that it's limited. I don't think it limits our capability in future. On the contrary, I think that's a reflection of how strong we think the situation is and will be. Really what happens is if we take too many bookings today, it’s hard to imagine that. But if you take too many bookings today, what it really means is that somebody who decides a month from today that she or he wants to take a cruise. And frankly is willing to pay more, it's simply not available. So our revenue management people are really and I do think there is the best around and there and we’re quite sophisticated in this, but depending on the time and depending on the circumstances you don't want to take too few bookings. But taking too many is just as bad as thinking too few and it's getting that balance, the price integrity program has probably extended out more to take earlier. But in any given time you look at the pattern of one they're coming. When people are calling the book and you want to get it right, not just the most you can get. So if we feel that we're taking too many bookings at a point in time, we will raise our pricing. Obviously that will lower the pace of bookings. I think it's important for people to understand that while obviously more bookings is a good thing, we actually have a great deal of discretion. Our revenue management people have a great deal of control over that pace. So I think we just feel in general that probably we're asked at the point where it shouldn't be much faster than it has been. But of course, look at the circumstances at the time and it could well be different year from now.
Harry Curtis: That's interesting and follow-up for Jason on China. You guys mentioned that both – that your pricing in bookings are encouraging there. Can you maybe give us a little bit more color or break out the difference between the booking levels amongst your travel agents versus where they may be booked because there tends to be a difference or can be a difference?
Michael Bayley : Harry, it's Michael, I have to congratulate you its 43 minutes into the call and that’s our first China question, so that's quite unusual. Yeah, I think we’ve said in the past that China very much it’s a developmental market. We've been in the market for a number of years, we've been working on the distribution and certainly we've been accelerating our investments in that distribution over the past couple of years. This year in 2017 we see a different kind of picture as it relates to capacity in each of the regional markets. So if you recall last year, it was a big year for capacity overall in China and certainly in Shanghai, which was about 60% of the overall China market. There was as close to 100% increase in capacity. This year that number is close to flat, so it's a different type of environment. We've worked with our major distributors in terms of helping them develop the cadence of their marketing and the way they go-to-markets and their selling techniques in terms of the cruise product. We've also worked on opening up the other channels just as we have channels in the European and American markets and we’ve put a lot of time and energy into that. So we're seeing good traction in terms of these channels that we’re opening and we’re seeing good traction with our major wholesalers in terms of where they are with their bookings for 2017. So I think it was Jason that commented earlier when we look at our 2017 position versus 2016 we’re in a significantly better place.
Harry Curtis: Very good. Thanks guys.
Michael Bayley : Thank you.
Operator: And you next question comes from the line of David Beckel with Bernstein.
David Beckel: Hey, thanks a lot. For my first question I was wondering if I could dig in a little bit on pricing in Asia by region mentioned that APDs are up modestly. Could you give us a little bit better color in terms of what that looks like in China, Australia and the rest of Asia? Then second question I have relates, it’s a bit bigger picture, I guess, just what trends you saw in 2016 with respect to the customer mix in North America, specifically. Was there any notable trend in the mix of repeat versus new to cruise versus new to brand?
Richard Fain: On the Asia Pac question, we don't break it down by market, but what I would tell you is that that the trend that we talked about in terms of the book position and rate and volume is a similar description of what's happening, but especially in Australia and China.
Jason Liberty: Hi, David, on the second question with regards to the customer mix in North America we saw our change in 2016 and we’re accelerating that change in 2017 in terms of new to cruise, first to cruise. So we’ve put a lot of our time and energy and resources and growing that segment of the market and we've seen. For the first time in 2016 we saw a really positive uptick in the first to cruise to both the Royal brand and the Celebrity brand. And in 2017 we continue to see that uptick in terms of new to cruise. A lot of that’s supported by changes that are occurring in our marketing strategies, both in terms of how we go traditionally to market, but also a shift more into digital marketing and we've had some success with that.
David Beckel: Thanks so much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Jason, I think you said Europe is booked ahead on rate and volume and this time last year it was generally prior to the step down that we saw in demand just from all the concerns on terrorism. So does that mean Europe has fully recovered or do you feel booking activity is still not as strong as where it was before the event?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think it's tough to say especially relative to last year because don't forget the Paris attack that happened in the fourth quarter of 2015. I think that demand from North America has certainly rebounded, I don't know if I would describe it as rebounded to how strong it was in the 2014 and 2015 timeframe. But clearly we see strong demand coming from North America, we see very good demand also coming from Europe. I think the other component to that is we’ve got about half of the capacity that we had last year in the Eastern Mediterranean and it seems to be very good demand, obviously, that itineraries are more West than they were East before and the other itineraries like the Western Med and the Baltics, which did well last year are brushing an uptick in demand from North America there.
Jared Shojaian: Okay Jason. And then just switching gears here on this potential cash deployment. Is 3.75 times net debt-to-EBITDA is that the starting point? If so I mean, you're almost there that's going to leave a lot of discretionary cash for buyback is that the way that we should think about that? I know you said it’s a board decision, but how should we think about the timing here? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Yeah, well I mean in terms of the provided threshold 3.75 times debt to EBITDA is of the threshold for investment grade as well as to the metrics themselves. Our goal is to be a solid investment grade credit, so I would that’s probably somewhere in the range of 3 times to 3.5 times debt-to-EBITDA and I think we’re certainly looking to balance, getting to become an investment grade credit, as well as, investing moderately in our growth and improving shareholder return. So keeping that balance is important, but also acting like an investment company as Richard mentioned is critical, and we will likely be at that 3.75 threshold at the end of the quarter and then we would obviously, be considering other action as it relates to cash.
Jared Shojaian: Okay, thank you and if I could sneak one, quick one in real quick. You gave guidance on most line items, what about the JV income. Is there anything that's going to offset that number in the non-op line?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think we’ve said in the past actually, it’s been said by our partner, is on average, as a ship, gets added on, they typically add about $20 million to $25 million in income each year that the ship comes on for full year for each of us, that’s our show [ph].
Jared Shojaian: Okay. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman: Hi good morning. Thanks for taking my call. Harry broke the ice on China, so I'm going to stay that down that path. You've given us a number bread crumbs with respect to the Chinese market. A year ago I think on this call you basically said the Chinese yields were going to be down low single digits. I guess my question is should we come away from this call thinking that Chinese yields are likely to be up this year? Or is it too early to really say definitively just given how late in the year a lot of itineraries look out.
Richard Fain: Okay, well I think, I've never heard our commentary described as bread crumbs, so that’s good. So, thank you. I think that the way that you should take is that we are in good position for China. I do think to your comment that it is a little bit too early to provide specific guidance to what we believe our China yields will be. But we are encouraged by what we’re seeing in the booking environment and we’re also encouraged as Michael noted in terms of the progress we've been making in diversifying our distribution.
James Hardiman: Got it. And then I was hoping you could just give us maybe a little bit more color on how close in pricing trended over the course of the fourth quarter. It seems to me that you know there were a couple of major events in the fourth quarter, A; you had the election, which was you know smack dab in the middle of the quarter. B; you had the opening up of Cuba officially and I know you say Cuba was not going to be very material for you. But it seems like the uncertainty around Empress in the lead up to that decision was very material. So I guess, using those is sort of key points. How should we think about how that close in price trended over the course of the quarter?
Jason Liberty: Obviously, on the quarter the first month, it was at the end of the month that we gave guidance, since we had a pretty good sense of the month of October. I think as we got into the November around the election time. I think that again we saw people really kind of focus their plans on to 2017. I think it was August when we actually put out the deployment for Empress for the fourth quarter. And so I think that again, that was a little bit more of a challenge than we had expected it to be. But again I would really chalk it up more to people focusing more on the following year. I do want to stress that every quarter, there’s a little bit of a different story on the close in pricing side and I think that in combination with our price integrity program, we can sometimes make that a little bit less predictable. But again, I mean, there were several quarters last year where close in pricing was stronger than we expected and in the fourth quarter it was a little bit softer than we expected and the difference is really insignificant.
James Hardiman: Maybe just a quick follow-up there. So again Cuba is not very material for you guys in 2016 or not material at all or 2017 I should say. But Empress can you quantify how much of an issue Empress was to your bottom line? Do you get that back in 2017?
Jason Liberty: Well, I don't have the specific number and we don’t talk about what it is on a ship basis. I mean, it was a more challenging vessel for us in 2016, just because ship was in drydock for an extended period of time. We kept delaying the deployment of the ship, hoping that we were going to get the approvals for Cuba. And as we mentioned on our last call, there were very strong signals that we were. So I think that certainly as we look into 2017, we have the proper windows in periods of time to sell and market the product and we don't expect there to be a few negative impact as it relates to Empress in 2017 in terms of what we saw in 2016.
James Hardiman: Got it. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gregory Badishkanian from Citi.
Gregory Badishkanian: Two questions. The first just on China. What do you attribute to the improved outlook relative to last year that in your answer to James. How much of it is due to capacity growth slowing?
Michael Bayley : Hi, Greg, it's Michael. I think like many things its many factors. Certainly capacity in Shanghai is a contributing factor because if you recall we had big increase in 2016 and another increase in 2015. So I think there was a little bit of an issue with the distribution being able to absorb that kind of capacity in an emerging market, so the capacity is helpful. And then the other element was if you recall back in 2015 there were a couple of knocks in terms of MERS. And then we had those particularly difficult typhoons, which really did impact the wholesalers, so I think they were a little shy. So I think those factors and then, of course, as I have mentioned earlier we’ve really invested in building out all of the channels. So I think it's all of those factors coming together, better stability, less capacity and evolving, maturing market. Certainly not mature obviously, but maturing in terms of the relationship between the wholesalers, distributors and our company and the investment we’re putting in the market in terms of developing these channels.
Gregory Badishkanian: Okay, thank you. And then just in terms of the shrink of North American traveling around Europe, taking cruises in Europe. How long do we see [indiscernible] easy comparison, how much do you think the underlying trends is actually improved to drive that strength?
Michael Bayley : Greg, I think, again I think it's a couple of things, it does. Jason had mentioned earlier capacity is down in Europe and down in Eastern Med, so that's been one of the driving factors. The dollar is strong against the euro, so I think people are more interested in going to Europe because they get more for their vacation dollar. People, sort of incredibly popular destination with or without cruise and I think we're seeing some of that. Then also I think there's just more consumer confidence, certainly in Q4 where we saw the stock market increasing nicely. I think we've seen really uptick in cadence in terms of the bookings of North Americans wanting to go to Europe. So I think all of those factors come together and has contributed to what we’re seeing in with the European bookings.
Gregory Badishkanian: Thanks very much.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infiniti Research.
Assia Georgieva: The first one with Pullmantur making a little bit more difficult as we saw just now even on occupancy the comparisons we’re looking at. Jason, could you give us a little more detail as to what organic growth would have been in Q4 and Q1? Also if we can exclude the very positive impact from Ovation and Harmony that we're seeing?
Jason Liberty: Well, as it relates to the Pullmantur and itself organically for Q4, it was worth about 275 basis points of the yield growth in the fourth quarter. In Q1, we expect it to be about 225 basis points as relates to yield. There’s a little bit of a headwind on the cost side, but it's 20 basis points or 30 basis points. On the hardware side as we kind of look into 2017, certainly Harmony and Ovation drive significant yield premium and that minus Legend coming out, helps us by 125 basis points to 130 basis points.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. Great. That is very helpful. My last question, at the time of the prior call, you were 94% book, if I recall correctly. For Q1 at this point, I imagine it's a number that’s just slightly lower than that?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think we said that we’re booked in a better position on both rate and volume. For the year, we’ve said it for the quarter and we are in a better position than we were in Q4.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. Great. Thank you Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you Assia.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo from Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo: Thanks. Jamie Rollo from Morgan Stanley. Just following up from the last quarter, the hardware mix benefit of 125 basis points. Was that the full year or the sort of an anniversary impact for the first five months please?
Jason Liberty: No, that's for the full year Jamie.
Jamie Rollo: So that implied about 250 basis points for Q1 and Pullmantur you said was 225 for Q1, so does that imply underlying yield of broadly flat year-on-year on basically a tough comp?
Jason Liberty: It’s a little bit lower in Q1. Like-for-like for the year is about 250 basis points.
Jamie Rollo: Okay. Then just a quick one on cost, the statement talks about benefit from setting Legend. Is that in that cruise or EPS numbers or will that be separated out please.
Jason Liberty: No. That is in the net cruise cost and the main benefit of it is it's less efficient vessel to operate. But there’s several other things driving cost benefits in 2017 one of that is the exit of Legend.
Jamie Rollo: No, I meant, is the capital gain relative on a benefit to average cruise costs?
Jason Liberty: Yeah, there is a small gain on it, but it's not a material number.
Jamie Rollo: Okay. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Jamie. Okay. Well, thank you for your assistance Kwashia with the call today and we will thank you for your participation and interest in the company. Carol will be available for any follow-ups you might have and I wish you all a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, as Mr. Liberty stated, that does concludes today’ conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason Liberty - CFO Richard Fain - Chairman and CEO Adam Goldstein - President and COO Michael Bayley - President and CEO, Royal Caribbean International Carol Cabezas - VP, IR
Analysts: Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research David Beckel - Bernstein Research Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Robin Farley - UBS Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Harry Curtis - Nomura Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Daniel McKenzie - Buckingham Research Stuart Gordon - Berenberg Benjamin Chaiken - Credit Suisse
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Jason Liberty, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Jason Liberty: Good morning. And thank you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carol Cabezas, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which have been posted on our Investor Web site, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our Web site. Richard will begin by providing an overview of the business. I will follow with a recap of our third quarter results, provide an update on the current booking environment and provide our early thoughts on 2017. I will close with guidance for the full year and fourth quarter. We will then open the call up for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thanks, Jason, and good morning, everybody. It's a pleasure to have the opportunity to share more about our business and our progress to the Double-Double, so let me get right there. We are quickly coming to the end of 2016 and will shortly be starting the final year of our Double-Double program. Reaching the Double-Double will be a significant accomplishment to the 65,000 women and men who collectively make Royal Caribbean Cruises successful. However, I do want to emphasize that Double-Double is not an end in an of itself. Rather it represents the completion of another step in our continuous journey of improving shareholder returns. The success of the Double-Double press on three pillars strengthening revenue yields, controlling costs and moderate growth. Our progress on this journey has been steady. Not only has the slope of the curve been very steep but it's been remarkably strong and predictable. As you can see on Slide 2 both earnings and yields have consistently ended up right around the midpoint of the range that we stated at the beginning of each year. This track record comes despite some unexpected impact from things like foreign exchange and fuel. For example, our biggest non-dollar market has been the U.K. but Sterling has fallen 30% over the last two years and that got a significant push from the recent Brexit vote. This year is shaping up to deliver in a similar fashion. Our yield guidance today at 4% or better is about the same as it was at the beginning of the year when we adjusted the deconsolidation of Pullmantur. Earnings per share expectations of $6 to $6.10 are a little better than our original range despite a number of challenges that came our way this year. So the fact that our year is ending above our original guidance in spite of the challenges is a testament to the focus discipline and will of the team. To that I express my appreciation. I'd also like to take a moment and step back to discuss some of the developments to our core financial objectives including achieving investment-grade metrics, improving shareholder returns and moderate capacity growth. I know that many of you model our performance outlook diligently and you can see that we're now reaching the key financial metrics that are the threshold for investment-grade. Getting to this point hasn't been easy but it is important and we are committed to achieving and maintaining a BBB credit status. In this regard, it was basically satisfying when Moody's issued its upgrade of our improved outlook. It is rewarding to see progress on all our goals and this is another big one. I also know that many of you are up-to-date on our announcements and have noticed our recent increase in dividends. Our dividend level is an all-time high and is now four times what it was just over three years ago. In the same period we also executed significant buyback program. As our earnings continue to grow and as conditions warrant, and by that I include earnings and free cash flow, we will continue to engage in a mix of moderate dividend growth and share buyback programs. These steps are clear evidence of our commitment to improving shareholder returns. Now turning to the third pillar moderate capacity growth has been a focal point of a lot of conversation. We said before that the pipeline of supply is known and it's very much constrained by limited shipyard capacity. We set our target is 3% to 5% growth rate and that's just what we've been doing. Through 2005 our five-year actual capacity growth rate was just under 4% a year and for the coming five years it's also just under 4%. Now on the demand side, we've seen some markets contract such as the Eastern Mediterranean but we've also seen new markets expand such as China and Australia. It's important to note that cruising is still under penetrated in all of our markets including our core markets. We open up new markets like China because they're growing at extraordinary rates not because of inadequate demand elsewhere. For example we're aware that some people have been arguing for years that the U.S. market is saturated but we've been growing here strongly and consistently in both rate and volume and we expect to continue to do so for years to come. Our task is to continue to make people especially non-cruisers aware of all the cruising offers. That takes continued effort but it is working. This year alone we've added more than 1.6 million new recruits. That demonstrates our continued strength in this market and positions us for what we believe to be a bright future. Now before I hand the call back over to Jason, I want to touch on one more point related to environmental stewardship protecting the environment is responsibility we take seriously Royal Caribbean both because of the impact on our environment and because it just makes good business sense. We focus heavily on reducing our carbon footprint and we're proud to publish our energy consumption figures. They consistently show that our burning of fossil fuels shows the lowest figures reported by anyone in our industry. This success comes from a deep focus on finding new and better ways to doing things. For example, our bubble technology, which is more properly called lubrication system reduces drag thereby reducing the need for burning fuel. But in keeping with our mantra of continuous improvement, we've gone one step further. Recently we partnered with the world wildlife fun to take our sustainability performance to the next level. Together with WWF we have announced publicly goals related to greenhouse gas emissions, sustainable food supply and destination stewardship. This partnership falls exciting progress on a number of other fronts including our advanced wastewater purification systems and our zero landfill policy already implemented on 17 ships. We are also very pleased to be working with the EPA and have their support as we install advanced emissions purification or AEP systems on our ships. This is a massive and expensive task but a very impactful one. These AEP systems scrub more than 98% of the sulfur from our ships exhaust. Lastly we have recently announced a new class of ships dubbed icon-class. The ships will be powered by LNG and will also utilize the latest fuel cell technology. Fuel cells are the ultimate in smoke-free exhaust. The only omission from fuel cells is pure water. In conclusion, it's been a good quarter and the future looks very bright. Brexit and other factors have been unexpected blows but we have more than compensated in other ways. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jason. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. I will begin by taking you through our results for the third quarter. Unless I state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency basis. We have summarized our third quarter results on Slide 3. For the quarter we generated adjusted net income of $3.20 per share, $0.10 better than the previous guidance. About half of the outperformance was driven by better revenue but the other half of the beat driven by weaker dollar and lower fuel prices. Third quarter net revenue yield was better than expected up 2.9% year-over-year. Strength in close in demand for North American products was a primary driver of the outperformance. Onboard revenue deals for the quarter did not disappoint with yields up 4.8% for the quarter. The growth was mainly driven by beverage packages, an increasing demand for VOOM and Xcelerate, our high-speed Internet offerings for Royal Caribbean International and Celebrity Cruises respectively. Costs were as expected for the quarter with Net Cruise cost excluding fuel down 1.6%. Before I get into discussing booking trends, I would like to discuss deviations between the quarters. Our yield came in slightly better than expected in the third quarter and are expected to be slightly lower than our previous expectations in the fourth quarter. As a result, our yields for the full year are essentially unchanged. We often get asked whether these small aberrations between quarters signify a trend. The answer is no. And I would like to explain why. The reality is that we manage a large and diversified portfolio, brands, markets and products. These complex portfolio obviously has minor deviations especially in a period as short quarter. This year is a good example. Something as simple and insignificant as the delay in the deployment of the Empress of the Seas will drive yields to be lower for the fourth quarter than we originally expected. This delay has no long-term significance but it does affect quarterly figures. As Richard mentioned our track record is pretty good and Slide 2 shows that over the past several years we've been able to deliver annual yield and earning results in line with the original guidance we set for the year. We don't see this immaterial aberration between Q3 and Q4 to be a trend just a reflection of managing a global and diversified portfolio. This is further supported by the 2017 booking trend commentary I will be providing shortly. Now I will share trend in the demand environment for the balance of 2016 and provide early insight into 2017. Let me start off by discussing the fourth quarter where our mix of deployment shifts versus the summer. We have more capacity in the Caribbean and Australia and less in the Mediterranean. Our year-over-year growth in fourth quarter Caribbean deployment is driven by the additions of both Harmony of the Seas and Empress of the Seas in South Florida. As a result, Caribbean itineraries will count for half of our Q4 capacity. We expect Caribbean yields to be up mid-single digits for the quarter which as I previously mentioned is softer than our previous expectations due to the delay in opening Empress of the Seas for sale. Expectations for the rest of the Caribbean products remain relatively unchanged. Asia-Pacific and Europe itineraries are generally performing in line with our previous outlook. So in summary we are 94% booked for the fourth quarter and with the exception of Empress, yields are shaping up as expected. Moving on to 2017, I want to start by providing you an overview of some of the structural factors and deployment changes that play a part in the upcoming year. I will then discuss the early trends we're seeing in the business. We will see a benefit in the first half of the year from the addition of both Harmony of the Seas and Ovation of the Seas. We will have a tailwind to our yield related to the deconsolidation of Pullmantur which is worth a little over 250 basis points for the first half of next year. As a reminder our portion of Pullmantur's results will be reported as an equity pickup and since we continue to own the vessels you will continue to incur depreciation for the ship. Lastly our joint venture TUI Cruises will receive another new ship during the second quarter. As we announced earlier this year, Legend of the Seas will exit the fleet at the end of the first quarter. This sale is very much in line with our fleet strategy of opportunistically selling order capacity. We are making several changes to our itinerary mix in 2017 that will reduce exposure to the Eastern Mediterranean while bringing new hardware to the Caribbean and moderately growing the Asia Pacific region. Our Caribbean deployment will increase in 2017 and will represent just under half of our total capacity. This increase is largely due to the expanded season for both Harmony of the Seas and Celebrity Equinox. Both of these ships will remain in the Caribbean year-around versus sailing in Europe as they did during the summer of 2016. The change in deployment for these ships combined with the deconsolidation of Pullmantur is driving a reduction in Mediterranean capacity. As a result, Europe will represent 15% of our overall capacity in 2017 versus 20% in 2016. Asia-Pacific itineraries will account for approximately 20% of our capacity which is relatively consistent with 2016. Our capacity in China will decrease slightly as a longer season of Ovation of the Seas is only offsetting a portion of the reduction due to the sale of Legend of the Seas. While it's still too early to provide guidance for next year, I will share some preliminary insights. Our booked position is stronger than last year as we are up in both pricing and load factors across all major markets for like deployment. This is particularly noteworthy when you consider that our booked load factor has improved each year for the past several years culminating in a record high for next year. Our Caribbean and Alaska products are trending well despite very difficult comparisons in 2016 and bookings for European sailings are up nicely year-over-year driven by strong demand from North American. We're also pleased with how the Winter Asia-Pacific season is shaping up with both Australia and China sailings booked ahead of prior-year load factors in the first quarter. Although it's still early in the booking window, these insights provide added confidence in our path toward the Double-Double and we expect that 2017 will be our eighth consecutive year of yield improvement. If you turn to Slide 4, you will see our guidance for the full year 2016. Net revenue yields are expected to be up 4% or better essentially unchanged from last quarter's guidance. Our cost guidance is also unchanged with Net Cruise cost excluding fuel are expected to be up approximately 1%. Our fuel cost for the year have decreased since our last call to $720 million driven by rate and we are 68% hedged for the remainder of 2016 at a price of $535 per metric ton. Based on current fuel prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share guidance is expected to be in the range of $6 to $6.10 per share unchanged from previous guidance. To summarize the changes we've made since the last call we exceeded the third quarter by $0.10 per share approximately half of which was driven by the outperformance of our North American products. This beat is helping to offset the previously mentioned impact from the delay in the deployment of Empress of the Seas. A weaker U.S. dollar and lower fuel prices contributed the other half of the third quarter beat. However this trend reverses itself in the fourth quarter. Now I would like to walk you through our fourth quarter guidance on Slide 5. Net yields are expected to be up approximately 6%.The year-over-year increase is being driven by the deconsolidation of Pullmantur and strong trends on our Caribbean and Australia itineraries. Harmony of the Seas in the Caribbean and Ovation of the Seas in Australia are doing particularly well. Net Cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be down approximately 1.5% and we have included $189 million of fuel expense for the quarter. Taking all of this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be approximately a $1.20 for the quarter which represents nearly 30% growth year-over-year. With that I will ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: Hi good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Can you quantify the EPS and yield impact from the delay in deployment for Empress in the fourth-quarter and was that the only reason why your fourth-quarter yields are a little bit lower than your prior forecast
Richard Fain: Sure, Jared. So the impact from the delay in deployment was about $0.06 or $0.07 for the fourth quarter. Outside of that there's small little puts and takes that make up the balance but it's very immaterial.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. Great, thanks. There has been a lot of concerns about the promotional environment, particularly in the Caribbean, can you expand on that and what you're seeing right now? And if you feel the need to be more a little bit more promotional right now because of some of the incremental capacity or how you are thinking about that?
Michael Bayley: Jared, it's Michael. Yes we're feeling pretty good about Caribbean, some things looking good both on volume and rate with the capacity increase and '16 shaping up pretty well. It looks very typical in terms of what we’re seeing with booking patents and Q4 as we've seen in previous years, so everything is looking quite normal. Obviously promotional activity ebbs and flows. We had Hurricane Mitch blowing through the week before last so we had about a week of a drop in bookings which is inevitable as it moved its way up the East Coast. And I think we did and other certainly try to stimulate the demand by putting in some promotional activity which then the responses was very good. We had a promotion last week which was the second best performing promotion in the brands history.
Jared Shojaian: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Beckel with Bernstein Research.
David Beckel : Thanks a lot. I was wondering if you could, maybe a little early, but I was wondering if you could talk about net-cruise costs growth for next year. Reminding us of what some of the key puts and takes are when considering modeling cost growth? And as a follow-up to that, what are some of the more significant levers on costs you can pull if yields do come in lighter than expected? Thanks.
Michael Bayley: Thanks David. We're still going to our planning process for next year but as we've said in the past we need to continue to control our cost like we have over the past several years. I know early on in our Double-Double program we talked more about some of the chunkier thing that we've been doing on the cost side and really over the past year or so, a lot of this is down a little thing that we do to become a more efficient across our business. There are always small levers to pull to try to write yourself, if there is yield or challenges, but there is nothing specific that I would call out?
Jason Liberty: But I think I would leave at this point with saying that I think we've shown over the past several years’ management's commitment to cost control, and try to become more efficient year-over-year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Jason, thanks for the color that you gave for next year. I wanted to see if we could get a little bit more granular to clarify things because there is three -- from our perspective there is three overarching concerns for the next year right? So the yields -- the risk of continue to yield pressures in China, supply growth in the Caribbean, and then also FXd fuel headwinds for next year. Regarding Asia-Pacific, I think you said that and China -- your booked position in China is ahead in load, so I was wondering for a moment if you could touch upon if you think where yields could come out next year, if you think you could see yield pressure again in China? And then also your confidence level of growing yields in the Caribbean? And then if there's any way, I mean I think a lot of people are doing the math based on where FX and fuel is today to calculate where that might impact next year, so if you could touch upon that as well.
Jason Liberty : Sure. Well, first half when we kind of think about next year, it’s obviously too early to provide any guidance and any guidance by products. But we do have as we have where we are currently booked, a commentary on Asia-Pac, which really at this point in the year. We have pretty good visibility into the first quarter, it's been encouraging. And hopefully those trends continue on as that product – on books further out here over time. And then when we talk about the Caribbean and but I also include Europe in there, at this point in time in the year a lot of that is driven by the North American consumers, and as I commented in my remarks that we have seen very positive trends in both rate and volume basis for the Caribbean as well as for our European products. And then to answer your question, on the currency side certainly the strength in the dollar relative to the pound has been challenging. If you want to say what is it's kind of been since the last call it's probably you heard us by about $0.12 to $0.15. And so there are always headwinds in our business that we have to focus on and overcome. But that's kind of been the impact since the last time we spoke here in early August.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then a follow-up on some puts and takes for next year, because you mentioned that there will be a tailwind from Pullmantur of 250 basis points from yields in the first half. There's also -- do you also get a benefit from the management fee, as well? Could help us understand how the full picture, the full mathematical picture works for Pullmantur?
Jason Liberty : Yes, I mean there is obviously deconsolidation. There is the benefit and that's respectively kind of included in that estimate of the 250 basis points in the first half of the year. The balance of that for the year is a material as it relates to the management fee. So it's a small contributor, but not something I'll specifically call out in the build-up of the yield.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. I wanted to ask about the Empress because our impression has been that you are maybe not opening up Empress for new sailings because you were hoping for a new Caribbean itinerary to open up before the end of the year. I wanted to ask what your expectation -- is it still that that potentially that could open up before the end of the year or is the idea to keep Empress into Q1 without opening it up for new sailings yet?
Jason Liberty: So obviously, as we were considering the deployment for Empress because typically as Robin, we deploy a ship or open up the deployment for ship about 12 months to 18 months ahead of time. I think we have seen or we've obviously been in conversations about what the future deployment of that ship could be and that did not resolve itself in the back half of this year and that's really what caused the impact on Empress, because we effectively opened up for deployment in August. I think we continue to look for that ship to potentially have some other deployment, but I don't think we will be holding back our sailings in the future and we'll deal with it as maybe some of that new deployment comes available.
Robin Farley: And then just for my follow-up question, there is…?
Jason Liberty: I just comment Robin and it's already opened for next year at Empress.
Robin Farley: So it just ready for existing Caribbean itineraries, right?
Jason Liberty: Yes, in Q1.
Robin Farley: And then for my follow-up question, there have some reports and the current media that China is limiting some tour package travel to Korea for a political reasons and just wondering if you are seeing any kind of impact at all since cruises from China calling Korean ports. Any impact at all of getting this sense that there is going to be some kind of limit or any you have seen so far for Mainland Chinese visitors going to Korea by cruise?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Robin, it's Michael. No, we have seen no impact whatsoever. We think it's very much related to the type of package that's offered that really is all about encouraging Chinese customers to go to Korea, specifically for shopping trips. And we think it's related to that. So the packages put into the markets that are incredibly low cost and of course they bring the customers over and make the revenue from the retail. So we feel as if that's something is very specifically focused. So we don't – we have not seen anything and we don't believe there'll be any impact to us.
Robin Farley: That's very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Tim Conder : Good morning and congrats to the whole team for an onpoint execution. Just a couple of things, I wanted to revisit the mix shift with the Harmony and the Equinox, Jason, that you called out. Is that going to be yield accretive, given Europe traditionally has higher yields than the Caribbean? Just on that shift for the similar comparisons year-over-year, a little color on that please? And the fuel, you have been fairly aggressive towards the high-end or above the higher end of your 40% to 60% range in hedging, especially you appeared to put on quite a bit when the oil was in the 30s. A little bit more color on where your weighted average hedges are looking into 2017 and 2018? And then if you continue to view as glaring on more aggressively or back off a little bit on that as you lay her out 12, 24, 36 months? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: So Tim, on the first question as relates to Harmony and Equinox, your first deal – trends or demand for Harmony has been exceptional, and we do expect with Harmony being here next year for to be yield accretive and certainly helps us a lot in the first half of the year. In Equinox mainly was in the Eastern Mediterranean and really kind of in the center of lot of movements we had to make with some of the geopolitical events that were happening. So we do expect the Equinox to be a yield accretive to the corporation next year. On the fuel side on 2017 we’re hedged about 60%. The average hedge rate there is about $508 and in 2018 we're 45% hedged and we're about $452 as the average hedge. And we continue to feel your focus and on having hedge program to minimize the volatility within our P&L. And we also respect that there is typically an inverse relationship between fuel and currency. We also take into consideration the fuel curve and it has flattened out. And so this earlier last year, we did take advantage and put a little bit more hedging on in 2016 and in the outer years, but you should kind of expect us to continue to be pretty consistent to the past of that kind of 40% to 60% side of things and again with the goal of a minimizing volatility within the P&L.
Tim Conder: Okay. Great. And what my follow-up would be related to Europe. You said you seen very good bookings so far out of North America, given specifically how it books early for Europe. Any color by region? Is it tilted more towards Northern Europe or the Western Med where everything is consolidated to in the Med? Any additional color or how the Brits are also booking?
Michael Bayley : Hi, Tim it’s Michael. Europe is looking quite good for 2017. When we look at our forward bookings obvious Eastern Med capacity is down versus last year and the year before. We’ve been aware of that. So it’s pretty all over Europe. So Northern Europe obvious is doing quite well and also Western Med. European market typically a later booking than the American market. It’s the American market that seems to be doing quite well at the momentum for Europe. And the British market surprisingly is quite robust. We were thinking that we’d see more of an impact. There is a little bit of an impact in onboard spend, but nothing really material.
Tim Conder: We’ll see in a few weeks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski: Hi good morning guys. I want to ask the Double-Double question a little bit differently. One of the questions we get a lot from investors is how are you going to achieve the Double-Double next year without buying back a significant amount of your stock or getting some massive benefit from Pullmantur? Can you help us think about the bridge to get around or get close to the Double-Double range? Meaning if you do a midpoint this year of called $6.05, from a very high level, how do you get up close to that $6.78 or $6.80 number that would be pretty helpful?
Jason Liberty: Thanks Steve. Obviously, we won’t kind of talk about any guidance for next year. But really you need us to continue to through strong cost control and have modest yield improvement and that gets your most of the way. And then obviously there is some benefit we get from the deconsolidation of Pullmantur, but that’s really a small amount of that pie.
Richard Fain: Steve it’s Richard here. And one of the things that we’ve tried to emphasize for the last three or four years is we put in place the Double-Double program with an idea that we want to motivate our team and focus our team on a particular target. But it wasn’t something and we’ve said this before that required heroic efforts. So we do need good cost control. We think we have been showing that. We do need moderate yield improvements. We think we’ve been showing that. And I think as you look to the Double-Double year obviously, it’s a complicated set of all the things that happened in our business, but as we simply look at where we are today with a moderate kind of yield improvements that we’re looking for we don’t think we need to do anything heroic to make the Double-Double and we continue to believe we’ll do it.
Jason Liberty: And just one more comment, Steve, I think just always appreciating the sensitivities because every 1% change in yield is about $70 million and so by just keeping your cost managed most of that drops to the bottom line and that in itself drives that difference in earnings.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Great. Second question, and you might kill me for asking this, but, I know we are not even remotely close with 2017 or done with 2017, but have you given any thought to what's beyond 2017 and what is beyond the Double-Double? Looking back, is this something that you -- you have fully embraced it, but is there something that potentially could come once this is over? Meaning another type of program like the Double-Double?
Richard Fain: So the beauty of having Steve, I think we’re not looking any further, it’s a reasonable question. It’s in fact something that we ask ourselves all the time and I did actually. I think I included in my comments something that the Double-Double is a step on the journey. We in terms of what comes after Double-Double, I don’t know whether there will be another program of that type or some other type. The Double-Double was really the focus on a particular phase in our history and I think it served that role very well. As we look at 2018, we do have a couple of things that are quite exciting. We do have the force of the Oasis Class ships. But I’d say even more so 2018 will show Edge Class and the Edge Class is a new class of ships, which I think in its own way will be as innovative and as transformation as Oasis has been. We’re very excited about it. We’ll probably be talking more about that early next year. But Celebrity really has been on the roll and I think we’ll see the benefits of that if it continues going away its going we’ll see the benefits of that in 2017 and 2018 and when Edge comes I think people are really going to be blown away. So I’m very excited 2018, but the importance of a program like Double-Double is to focus on a particular goal. And one of the things that’s been successful for us is everybody is focused on achieving the Double-Double in 2017 and so that’s our first one and I will be careful not to delve too much on what comes after.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Good morning. The first question is, historically when you've headed into wave season and a stronger than normal booked position, do you think you're borrowing from wave, or does that usually lead to stronger incremental pricing because you've just got less inventory to sell?
Jason Liberty: Hi, Harry. Traditionally as we’d had a stronger book position obviously the need is less. But if you were to do it kind of do it on a capacity adjusted basis, I would say that typically that gives us good tailwinds coming into WAVE as we’re in a stronger position as we need less. So I don’t think necessarily it’s an indicator, but certainly being a stronger position allows you to take advantage of the demand as it comes in.
Harry Curtis: Thank you. And I just wanted to move quickly to China, because it's been one of the key pillars of the bear thesis and the consensus for next year is that pricing in China is going to be down 10% to 15%. Can you give us your perspective on what demand is going to look like -- demand growth is going to look like in China next year? Do you think that the supply growth is going to be as big as some would have you believe, given that much of the capacity is coming in the back half of next year?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Harry, it’s Michael. China is very much a developmental market. It’s we believe significant opportunity. We’ve been in the market for several years now. It represents about 9% of our overall capacity in 2017. Interestingly in 2017 for Royal our overall capacity in the China market is flat to slightly down because of the sale of Legend which takes it out of the secondary cities. And also for industry capacity in 2017, it’s actually relatively low growth year in relation to the past years, which is probably a good thing. And certainly in Shanghai which is 60% of the China market approximately the growth in 2017 in Shanghai is less than 10%, which is one of the lowest rates we’ve seen for quite some time. Overall China is accretive to yield and we’ll continue that way. And as Jason commented earlier, our current forward book position if Q1 China is looking good.
Harry Curtis: That's great. And just a quick follow-up Jason in China. What efficiency measures can you take even if pricing is flat there to improve your profitability?
Jason Liberty: Hi, Harry. I'm just going to jump in and give some comments on this. I mean we are very much engaged in developing the market. So at the moment we’re investing in China. We’re investing in developing distribution and developing the channel. So at the moment, our focus is developing the market and investing in the market. We believe the opportunity is significant into the future. And we’re not actively pursuing efficiencies from that perspective. We’re looking at investing and developing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory Badishkanian: Just a follow-up on the comment that Q1 China is looking good, which is encouraging. How are your negotiations right now with the larger charter companies going for 2017? Any color and when you think those will be completed?
Jason Liberty: The negotiations are in process. We're feeling quite good about where we are in terms of the major charter is in the wholesalers in the market. Obviously we’ve a long-term relationship with the key charters and we’re encouraged by what we’re seeing for '17 in terms of the dialogue and negotiations that we have with them and we feel quite optimistic about that.
Gregory Badishkanian: Good. I won't ask you to quantify optimistic, but…
Jason Liberty: You could ask Greg. We just wanted to…
Gregory Badishkanian: How about what's driving the strength in the North American passengers going to Europe? Is it just easier comparisons things, maybe people are less concerned about going to Europe, is it less capacity, what do you think is driving that improvement?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think it's tough to a pinpoint one thing, obviously I think when there is less events that certainly helps bring confidence and confidence of people's travel. But I mean I think as we’ve been saying for some time, we continue to see strength from the North American consumer, and not only do we see that in terms of their current bookings in Q4 and for next year, but also we see it and how they spend each and every day on our shifts. So I don’t know there’s a specific game, but obviously Europe is a incredible destination and there is a lot of demand for it and obviously there were some events last year that that maybe caused on individuals to pause and looks like they’re revisiting that for next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of questions on the pound specifically. The more recent devaluation, I'm curious if you're doing anything to help bolster onboard spending? I know you said earlier it has remained pretty resilient, but I didn't know if that took into account the more recent step down? Then separately Jason, can you remind us how much you have left on your share repurchase plan at this point?
Jason Liberty: Sharon, I’ll just talk a little bit about the pound and how are approaching that within - from the perspective on both spend. We’ve ratcheted to that up or pre-cruise marketing, we’re bundling packages more aggressively than we’ve done in the past and we see a better response pick up rate from the British consumer in terms of the packaging that we put into the market. So I think we see it a little bit, but it’s – I think less than we originally thought we would see in terms of devaluation. And then Sharon on your question on the share repurchase, we did not complete the $500 million share repurchase in the third quarter.
Sharon Zackfia: Is there any timing on when the board would discuss another share repurchase program?
Jason Liberty: The Board is always evaluating things such as share repurchase for capital returned to shareholders and obviously recently the 28% increase in the dividend was one of those actions they thought was good idea to do.
Michael Bayley: And I would also a pay attention to our free cash flow figures, since obviously that is a key factor in the Board's thought process.
Operator: Your next question comes from Assia Georgieva with Infiniti Research.
Assia Georgieva: Good morning. This is Assia. I had a couple of related questions, first of all Jason, you mentioned Empress was about $0.06 to $0.07 to Q4. Is that about a 1% yield detriment in the quarter?
Jason Liberty: It's fairly over 100 basis points for the quarter, so with that that would be at about 7%. And then also the other some rounding as well in terms of what the implied deal for the fourth quarter.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. Thank you. And given that even for Q1 2017 the ship was opened up relatively late compared to what you have traditionally done. Should we expect a similar detriment for Q1?
Michael Bayley: Assia, it’s Michael. No I think we opened up earlier we’ve got marketing behind it. So I think we really were holding it late in '16 and hoping for some - for the itinerary change but we’re in a better position for 2017.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. That make sense. Thank you, Michael. And lastly without having to quantify anything on Q1 because I know you'd rather not do that, we are facing pretty tough comps and I think the industry in general had done very well. Do expect that on a sequential basis Q1 might be little bit more of a challenged than Q4? Just very qualitatively?
Michael Bayley: I think that there are several factors obviously Q1 on the yield side will have a positive impact from just a deconsolidation of Pullmantur. But also the strength that we’ve seen for Harmony and Ovation have been quite strong and Harmony will obviously be in the Caribbean and Ovation will be in Australia, and demand from both of those markets and for those products have been exceptional. So I wouldn’t necessarily say that it is obviously a tough comp because Q1 was strong. But there were some good tailwinds going into the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman: Good morning and thank you for taking my call. The commentary on 2017 load factors was pretty consistent with what you said coming out of the second quarter. I want to focus on the last few months in both the Caribbean and Europe. I think in the Caribbean a lot of investors have been spooked as of late, as we look at some of them pricing analysis that is out there. Obviously in the past it's always difficult to know how many rooms are being booked at a given price. But maybe you have seen some of that in houses or at least some of those advertised prices. Maybe help us connect the dots there? Is it the same as normal that it's not a whole lot of rooms being booked at those rates? What are your thoughts there? Then on Europe, it sounds like over the past few months, bookings and pricing has strengthened as we get further and further away from the terrorist activity, but just distill the last three months here rapidly?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think as you’re going from early August to today, people began to transition and focus on their vacations for 2017. I think some of - as Michael commented, there were some tactical activity that you probably saw on the market and that was driven around Hurricane Matthew and you know probably the best example where you would have seen that. But we’ve actually seen very good booking trends, forward looking for the Caribbean and for Europe, a lot of that at this point in the year is driven by the North American consumer because they book further out and - but as Michael said, we’re also seeing positive trends happening for Europe.
James Hardiman: That's very helpful. And then I guess just once and for all with respect to this Double-Double, the EPS target is technically $6.78 but I think you mentioned maybe off-line that you're going to need to get to $7 for the ROIC target to still be in play. Which number - as we get closer to 2017 that $0.22 difference becomes pretty material. How should we think about earnings power for next year implied in the Double-Double?
Jason Liberty: At this point we’re not going to get into providing guidance for next year and I think for us, we’re focused on hitting both targets, the earnings target as well as the ROIC target and we’ll address specifically what we think that earnings range will be in late January, early February when we provide guidance for next year, but a good try.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan McKenzie with Buckingham Research.
Daniel McKenzie: Good morning. Thanks guys. On the 1.6 million new to cruise, how does that compare to last year? I am trying to get a sense of the implied growth rate here and also how that rate might be trending, that's first. Second, I'm curious what's driving that and what percent of the North American revenue we're talking about here?
Michael Bayley: Hi Dan, it’s Michael. $1.6 million new to cruise, that’s for globally and that's hallmark is obviously is disproportionate in terms of new emerging markets, for example China. In the United States, which of course is significant percentage of our overall business, approximately 50% and we’ve had a very productive year, this year we need to cruise and in fact over time it’s being slightly on the decline. This year, we've turned that around and we’ve seen a really positive increase in new to cruise and of course that’s a very much part of our focus is. New to cruise not only in merging new and developing markets, but also in established markets like the U.S. so we quite encouraged by what we’re seeing. And part of that the campaign that we launched at the beginning of the year and also Celebrity's campaign, both of those campaigns have components that are very much attractive to new to cruise and when you do the research on how our positioning and how we’re communicating, resonates with new to cruise, it’s very positive. So we’re beginning to see that coming through in our bookings.
Richard Fain: Dan, this is Richard, and I’ll just add a comment because we often get questions about trends of things that have changed, and it’s clear the questions are gear to is the world changing, is this the trend in the exogenous variables affecting us. But as Michael pointed out, we actually worked to change trends. So there are periods of time, where we for example as both Royal - as Michael said, both Royal and Celebrity made a conscious decision this year that there was a stronger opportunity, a good opportunity with first time cruisers. And so they actually focus more of their marketing, focus more on their message and they actually worked to build that. So when you look at a trend, it’s not just is the world changing, but to some extend it's also what we are doing to shift our customer base and then that some time messes up nice trend lines when you trying to extrapolate from external behavior.
Daniel McKenzie: Very good. That's very helpful. Thank you. A second question here, wondering how big the impact to net yield is from the new revenue management technology implemented a while back. And I'm wondering what inning we are in with respect to its implementation. And for some perspective when airlines put in new revenue management they tend to go slow. And I'm curious how you would characterize where we are with respect to that to Royal?
Jason Liberty: Thanks for the question Dan. I think it's one of those things that's impossible to quantify and we putting new yield management systems several years ago and everyday that goes by the yield management systems get stronger because the information from the past and how we read information of what’s happening in local markets and so forth gets better and better. So it’s truly a tailwind to quantify is next to impossible to do but it really I think one of the greatest benefit that gives is the ability to manage demand globally and that allows us to seek the highest yield for every cabin that's available from anyone of the world and that's obviously great on a revenue management standpoint, it’s also great to be able to taking advance of that diversification.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stuart Gordon with Berenberg.
Stuart Gordon: Good afternoon. Couple of questions. The first one is on the return of invested capital, does the Pullmantur change make any difference to the returns you make? And secondly in China, could you talk about how next year the changing proportion of capacity? Is it moving from pure charter to a more direct distribution? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: So, on the ROIC side, on the invested capital side there really is no difference, because as I said in my remarks, we still own those assets. But surely as we've been talking about for years Pullmantur was a turnaround opportunity and this allows us to some of those turnaround issues as well as get paid for the ships and services. So it's definitely accretive to ROIC. But it’s on the earnings side, not necessarily on the invested capital side. I’ll let Michael to take the China question.
Michael Bayley: Yes, on the evolution of distribution that something obviously that we’ve been focused on for a quite some time and journey that we’re taking. I think what we’re seeing is the beginnings of the development of distribution in terms of starting to narrow and look very much like the North American distribution model in terms of our focus very much is engaged in opening all channels to market and optimizing each channel that includes our wholesalers charter model, which we believe has done exceptionally well up to this point, and we’ll going to continue working with our charters, but we’re also developing direct, we’re also developing retail next cruise and that’s very much what we’ve been engaged in ever some time. So I think that’s the journey that we’re taking and over time we’ll see the mix balance out in a very similar way to the - of the markets, more developed markets.
Jason Liberty: Thank you. I apologize for final alarm here.
Michael Bayley: We have time for one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Your final question comes from the line of Ben Chaiken with Credit Suisse.
Benjamin Chaiken: Hello. Following up on Europe and the North American consumer, what are you doing this year to encourage those customers to return? Is there any education process or promotions? If so, when did that start and is that with the travel agents or the customers directly?
Michael Bayley: Yes, I don’t think it’s a necessary education, I just think it’s - there’s been less events that turned off to consumers last year and as I said before is allowing them to revisit the opportunity to go to beautiful and great destination in Europe. I think that’s probably more what it is versus anything specifically we’re doing in terms of education.
Benjamin Chaiken: Got it. Can you remind us what the overall net yield decline was in Europe for 2016 and where you're going to lap next year?
Michael Bayley: We haven't given that number, but it is down year-over-year.
Benjamin Chaiken: Okay. Are you going to quantify some of this positive trends that you're referring to with the American consumer coming into Europe?
Michael Bayley: Well, I mean the only I could quantify is that we’re having both rate and volumes next year relative to same time last year.
Michael Bayley: Thank you for assistance Victoria with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carol will be available for any follow-up questions you might have and we all wish you a great day. Take care.
Operator: Again, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International
Analysts: Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd. Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Jaime Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research)
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nicole, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited Second Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Jason Liberty. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Carol Cabezas, our Vice President of Investor Relations. We also have Michael Bayley, President and CEO, Royal Caribbean International, joining us via telephone from the UK. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which have been posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin by providing an overview of the business. I will follow with a recap of our second quarter results, provide an update on the business environment and then provide an update on our full year and third quarter guidance for 2016. We will then open the call up for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Jason, and good morning, everybody. As always, it's a pleasure to speak with you all this morning, give you a little color on our business. And I would like to say thank you for participating. As you know, it's been an exciting quarter for us with the delivery of not one, but three new ships, Ovation of the Seas, Harmony of the Seas and Mein Schiff 5 for our joint venture, TUI Cruises. All three ships were very well received. And it's interesting to note that, by chance, all these three ships each entered vastly different markets. That's an interesting reminder of the role that market segmentation and diversification plays in our overall strategy. I'd like to revert to that topic in a moment but, first, I want to comment on the quarter itself and beyond. I'll start by commenting on the fact that we exceeded guidance for the quarter by $0.09 a share, and our business looks set to do better for the year than we expected. Foreign exchange and fuel costs are eating away at some of the operational improvements this year, particularly as the affirmative vote for Brexit caused such a dramatic fall in sterling. But, overall, we would rate this year as another one for the plus column with business consistent with expectations, including the usual swings and roundabouts in individual markets. Commercially, the Eastern Med and China have experienced some softness while the Baltic, Western Mediterranean, Caribbean and Alaska have been strong. This is particularly important because these latter products represent over 60% of our business and having strength in your biggest market is what every commercial person prays for. Part of that strength has been driven by our price integrity program, which gives guests and travel partners more confidence in the integrity of our pricing and which also encourages earlier booking. This longer booking window also helps us make better and more effective pricing decisions. We're also mindful that, next year, the markets that performed the very best this year such as the Caribbean, for example, are only seeing modest capacity increases while Eastern Med's capacity, for example, is dropping by double digits. China's capacity next year is slated to grow, but that growth has been only half of this year's exceptional level. Now, shifting focus to the Double-Double, I hope and I assume that everyone on this call knows that this is our internal program to double our 2014 earnings per share and to achieving double-digit ROIC by 2017. Our program to accomplish that continues to focus on the same three pillars: yield improvement, effective cost control and modest capacity growth. The Double-Double program is working for us. And as we approach the final year of the program, our confidence in these targets remains firm. Personally, I like to focus on the numbers. There, of course, needs to be good qualitative reasons for the numbers. But, in the end, it's the numbers that speak for themselves. The story behind the numbers is important, but the figures remain our beacon. And the figures are encouraging. Capacity growth is pretty much fixed, and our brands are satisfying our customers and attracting new ones at the best rate in our history. In order to meet our Double-Double objective next year, what we need is low single digit yield improvement and moderate spending. That's a formula we have been delivering, and that is a formula we believe we can continue to deliver. One other factor that comes into play recently is our sale of 51% of the Pullmantur Group. Jason will take you through more details in a moment, so I will simply say that this move is a step in a more profitable direction, and we are optimistic about the future for this new venture. Now, given the enormous attention that's being focused on China, I think it's worth spending a little time on the development of this market and comparing it to some other markets. As it happens, I have the history of having been personally involved with the development of so many of the cruise markets around the world, and I'd like to comment on how the historical evolution of those markets compares with how China has developed so far and how it appears that China will be developing for the foreseeable future. First of all, it is striking how many parallels there are in China's evolution today compared to other places in other times where we have developed a market for cruising. For example, today, we view North America as a developed marketplace for cruises with a strong awareness level and a well-established sales and marketing network. However, when I first got involved with cruising, none of that was true. Rather, it looked a lot like what China looks like today. It was poorly known to the population at large. Distribution was through a small number of specialist agencies. There was little choice of itineraries, and growth was episodic and dictated by the arrival of new ships. An observer today would say virtually the same thing about the China market as it is now. The percent of Chinese, even the percent of middle class Chinese who have cruised remains infinitesimal. And just like the States, the main way we attract new customers is by thrilling the old customers. In the States, the reputation of cruising grew because people came back from their holiday and raved about their experience. We advertise, of course, but most people tried it for the first time because their neighbor pushed them to do so, or their co-worker did, or maybe it was their brother-in-law. The point is that once somebody cruise, he or she became an advocate for cruising, and the market grew the same way a snowball grows. That snowballing effect was also key to developing new markets, new markets like Britain, and then Italy, and then Germany. That same phenomena is occurring today in China. It may be happening more quickly in China, but the process is remarkably similar. The second key dynamic is the role of a travel agent. In the States, Europe, et cetera, cruises were initially sold through niche travel agents who knew the business and were able to provide knowledge and assurance to a cautious public. It took a while for cruising to become a mainstream activity for travel agents, but when it did, the industry really took off. These travel agents were the people who could inform and guide a nervous customer on what cruising was all about, and they could help the customer make the myriad important decisions that would be critical to their valuable vacation. That crucial travel agent link, that important part of cruise industry's success, is still embryonic in China. But it too is growing, and I believe it will be key to our success there, as it always has been here. And then, there was the issue of where to go. Originally, cruises had a very limited selection of routes and destinations. When Royal Caribbean was contemplating its fourth vessel, I recall that the board engaged in a great deal of hand-wringing about whether there would be enough itinerary and source markets in the US for the addition of that fourth ship. We were worried that the interest in cruising would not grow beyond the established group of then popular destinations. Eventually, we decided there would be enough destinations, but it wasn't without trepidation. Today, we all look back on that concern and find it laughable, but then, it was a real concern. Similarly in China, our attachment area today for customers is small and our itineraries are limited, but a quick look at the map shows just how enormous the potential really is. But the biggest question in the Western markets then, just like the biggest question in the China market today, is how quickly it can grow. The market growth rate in North America and Europe overall exceeded our expectations, but it certainly wasn't linear and we frequently experienced periods of higher or lower demand growth matched, or in some cases not matched, by higher or lower periods of supply growth. These periods of matching or non-matching growth naturally led to better or worse periods of revenue generation. In China, we have also seen such periods and I expect we will continue to do so. But like the early days in the United States, the periods of oversupply or under-demand quickly got eliminated by the inexorable development of knowledge of the industry and the strong growth of the distribution system. But China is not the same as the US and it's not the same as Europe. For one thing, everything that happens in China happens at China's speed. So where it took many years for Western travel agents to develop the infrastructure, the expertise and the breadth that we enjoy today, we're already seeing that process happening in China at a faster speed. For example, today we work with three times as many tour operator partners as we did just three years ago. And in the same three-year period, we have quadrupled the number of independent agencies we work with from 200 to 800. That's nearly one quarter of all the travel agents in China with a license to sell outbound travel. And the scale in China is different. In the West, we found that the market can grow quickly. But when we tried to introduce new capacity well into double digits, the market had trouble keeping up. In China, we've been growing at 40% and 50% growth rates without any difficulty. Those are pretty extraordinary levels. But this year, we as an industry have pushed those figures into triple digits. Even China has trouble growing at that pace. Fortunately, the softness in China is being driven mainly by this huge capacity growth rather than by faltering demand. That should make it an easier correction to make and we are optimistic about our future there. I view the ability of China to fill twice as many cruise berths this year as it is last year as a sign of great strength. The fact that it can do so with only modest softness should be seen as evidence of strength, not weakness. Everybody knows the pace of change in the world today is exceptional. We have never seen a pace like this in history. And I'd like to point out that we never will again. The pace of change today is slower than we will ever see it again. Let me repeat that. The pace of change today is slower than we will ever see again. This is true in many areas and it is nowhere as evident as it is in China. Overall, we're very pleased with the way our cruises have been received by the consumers in China. We are also very pleased by the recognition that the Chinese government has given to the value of the cruise economy to China's overall economic expansion. We're particularly pleased by the very powerful brand presence and preference that Royal Caribbean International has achieved there. We expect to see this market continue to grow and we expect to continue to grow with it. Now before I turn it over to Jason, I'd like to touch on one last point related to capacity growth. As I've just discussed, much of the capacity in the industry is being allocated to the Asia Pacific region. It stands to reason that growth of the industry in the Atlantic theater is more modest next year. From our own standpoint, there are significant declines in the European market driven by the deconsolidation of the Pullmantur Group, the Harmony of the Seas' deployment back to the Caribbean year-round, the sale of Legend of the Seas and keeping Celebrity Equinox in the Caribbean year-round. We also take comfort knowing that in the past when our growth has been driven by the introduction of an Oasis Class ship, as it is this coming year, our yields have not disappointed. With that, it's a pleasure to turn it back over to Jason. Jason?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thank you, Richard. I will begin by taking you through our results for the second quarter. Unless I say differently, all metrics will be on a constant currency basis. Second quarter results are summarized on slide two. For the quarter, we generated adjusted earnings of $1.09, which is $0.09 higher than guidance and 25% higher than same time last year. The outperformance was driven primarily by favorable fuel expenses and outperformance by TUI Cruises. Lower fuel rates were a key factor. However, lower consumption also contributed to the overall favorability. Net revenue yields were up 1.1%, which were in line with guidance. Onboard revenue yields continued to increase, with beverage packaged sales and the expansion of streaming Internet products, like Voom and Xcelerate, driving an 8.7% year-over-year increase. Net cruise costs excluding fuel were also in line with guidance, at 1.9% for the quarter. As discussed previously, we sustained higher costs in the first half of the year related to new-build launch initiatives, investments in China and more dry dock activity. Now I would like to walk you through current booking trends. Overall, trends are consistent with those discussed during our last call. And in the aggregate, our portfolio of products remains about the same. However, just like in any portfolio, there have been some puts and takes at the itinerary level. Demand for North American products, which make up half of our capacity for the year, is unwavering in its strength, contributing to better than expected performance in the Caribbean, Alaska and Bermuda. On the other hand, geopolitical events in Europe continue to stress the Eastern Mediterranean yields and close-in demand trends in the Shanghai market are softer than anticipated. At this point, we are over 93% booked for the year, with booked load factor and APD in a strong position. Beginning with Europe, yields has held up nicely for Northern Europe and Western Mediterranean sailings this year, partially driven by the consistent strength in demand that we have seen from European markets. The U.K. is a key sourcing market for our Europe sailings, and we have been closely monitoring demand since the Brexit decision. To date, we have not seen any softening in demand from the UK since the vote. And, in fact, the UK remains one of our strongest markets this summer. Eastern Mediterranean itineraries, however, have experienced further weakness, stemming from the multiple geopolitical events that have occurred in Europe. Not only have these put a strain on close-in demand and pricing, but they have also led us to make operational changes such as shipping embarkation out of Istanbul for several sailings. Turning to China, we introduced Ovation of the Seas to Tianjin just over a month ago, and she is generating superior yields even by China standards. Overall, the pace of bookings for the remainder of the China season has mostly been within the expected range and above last year. However, there has been some softness in close-in demand in Shanghai in recent weeks. sNevertheless, our China sailings, which represent 9% of our capacity, continue to generate yields that are above average, has occupancy levels that are in line with the fleet average and the market is accretive to our yields and return on invested capital. Moving on to North America. Our Caribbean, Alaska and Bermuda itineraries account for about 50% of our full year capacity and continue to trend very well. We expect each of these products to generate nice yield improvements this year and also expect to see record yields in Alaska. We are generally seeing solid trends for our entire Caribbean portfolio which ranges from three nights Bahamas sailings to 14 nights Southern Caribbean itineraries. With the summer season coming to a close in the next few weeks, the focus will shift to the winter season which is currently in a very strong book position. Harmony of the Seas continues to impress and is garnering strong demand at increasing prices throughout Q4 and well into 2017. It is still very early in the booking cycle for 2017 sailings. However, I will share that we are encouraged by recent booking trends in our current book position. We are booked ahead of same time last year in both load factor and APD, for the next 12 months. Before I update you on our guidance for the year in the third quarter, I would like to touch on the recent sale of 51% of the Pullmantur Group to Springwater Capital. The Pullmantur Group operates a more value-based product which delivers yields and costs that are lower than our fleet average. Consequently, the deconsolidation of Pullmantur has increased our yield to cost metrics and has an immaterial impact on earnings for this year. Now, we can turn to our updated guidance for full year 2016, which is on slide four. Net revenue yields are expected to grow 4% to 4.5%, an increase versus prior guidance, driven by the deconsolidation of the Pullmantur Group. Strong demand for North American products is helping to offset some slightly weaker trends in Eastern Mediterranean and Shanghai. These product level trends are stressing Q3 yield growth, but are providing strong tailwinds for Q4, where our mix of itineraries more closely resembles the first quarter. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are unchanged and are expected to be up approximately 1%. Cost savings in the third and fourth quarters are offsetting the increase driven by the Pullmantur deconsolidation. During the first quarter, foreign currencies rose versus the dollar but since then, have declined and fuel prices have increased modestly. Since we last gave guidance, this has resulted in a $0.27 negative impact to earnings in the back half of the year. To put it in perspective, since the beginning of the year, FX and fuel movements have cost us $0.11. Since our last call, our basket of currencies has declined by 5.5%. The key driver of this decrease is the significant weakening of the British pound, which represents approximately 30% of our foreign currency exposure. We anticipate fuel expense of $724.5 million, down $10 million in part due to the deconsolidation of Pullmantur. Excluding the deconsolidation, reduced consumption is offsetting higher fuel rates. We are currently 64% hedged for the remainder of the year at a price of $535 per metric ton. Based on current fuel prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share is in the range of $6 and $6.10 for the year. Before moving on to the third quarter guidance, I thought it might be useful if I put the movement of our guidance in perspective. Slide 5 shows how we got from our original guidance for the year to our revised guidance in April and to our current guidance. As you can see, we originally projected $6 for the year. Over the last six months, our operations, excluding FX and fuel, improved by about $0.16. FX and fuel got better during the first quarter by about $0.16, but reversed itself until now, and now looks to be a net cost of about $0.11. All of that brings us to our current forecast of a midpoint of $6.05 for the year. Now, we can turn to our guidance for the third quarter, which is on slide 6. We anticipate a net yield increase of approximately 2%. The year-over-year improvement is primarily driven by the deconsolidation of the Pullmantur Group. As I previously mentioned, itinerary changes and weakness for Eastern Mediterranean cruises combined with some softness in close in demand for our Shanghai sailings is disproportionately impacting the third quarter and offsetting improvements driven by new hardware and North American products. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be down approximately 1.5% on a constant currency basis, which includes an increase related to the deconsolidation of the Pullmantur Group. Taking all this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be approximately $3.10 per share. With that, I will ask our operator to open the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. And your first question comes from the line of Steven Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning. So, I guess, the first question would be around the Double-Double. If you still think, at this point, earnings next year will be somewhere around let's call it $6.00 $6.70, $6.80, even up to $7. That's assuming earnings growth of around 12% to 15%. So, I guess, the question is, what gives you confidence you can grow earnings that much in light of some of the issues the industry is facing right now coupled with the fact next year you won't have any new ship launches?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi, Steve, and good morning, everyone. I think the confidence comes in several ways. First, as Richard mentioned, what you need to get to Double-Double is low-single-digit yield growth and for us to continue our path on good cost control. And then when you start getting into what's going to drive year-over-year growth, well, I think, you have several things. One is dealing with strong demand trends. And so, when we talk about our book position over the next 12 months, we're ahead on both rate and volume. Also, next year, we don't have new capacity in terms of new ships coming in, but we do benefit from half a year of Ovation, as well as Harmony coming into the broader fleet. And then, obviously, we're taking out some capacity as it relates to Pullmantur as we deconsolidate them, which is also a good tailwind for yields, as well as for earnings next year.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Got you. Thanks. And then, second question would be kind of a broader-based question around the Caribbean. I know that Caribbean continues to hold up very well at this point, but I know the fear out there from a lot of investors is if Europe continues to be impacted for the next, let's call it the next year or so, you'll start to continue to see more capacity that brought back into the Caribbean. How do you guys view that and how do you think that market will hold up if capacity starts to pick back up there?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Well, in terms of industry expectations for next year, I think we expect there to be low-single digit around 4% growth in capacity. This year, we saw about 3% growth in capacity, and we're seeing yields in the high-single digits in that market. I think a lot of that is driven by North Americans' focus on staying closer to home. And I think we see those trends continue as we look at our bookings on a day-to-day basis.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Steve. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks and good morning. So, Jason, just the standard Double-Double topic for a second, for the EPS goal of at least $6.78, I was just wondering, does that include any assumptions for buyback activities going forward?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi, Felicia. No. Those goals which again were stated back in 2014, we don't – as we look forward, we don't contemplate share buybacks in those equations.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And then – but you're going to generate a fair amount of free cash flow next year because you don't have any new ship deliveries. So, can you just talk about your view of what you would do with that free cash flow?
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Hi, Felicia. It's Richard. I think we said before, we look at that sort of independently. If it's the right thing to do, we would consider it. We did one starting at the end of last year and we're basically finished with that. So, I think, we would look at it opportunistically and depending on the cash flows. But we don't project it and we don't publish an expectation on that partially because that's the sort of thing the board will look at on a case-by-case basis.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just also, I don't know if Richard or Jason, we got a lot of questions this morning about the inclusion of the Double-Double definition in the press release. I don't believe I've seen that before. So, just wondering why that was added to the release?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. No problem. Recently, Felicia, the SEC has published Q&As on non-GAAP disclosures. And as we talk about Double-Double pretty frequently, we felt that it fell in the definition of a non-GAAP disclosure. And to just ensure that we met the spirit of what the SEC is looking for, we decided to add that in as a definition. I would not read anything more into the fact that we're just improving our disclosure.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Felicia, two things, if I may. First, I think we should wish Michael Bayley a happy birthday because this is his birthday.
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Thank you.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: And secondly, on the Double-Double, I think one of the things that maybe we should emphasize is when we established it and we established both the goal for EPS and for ROIC, we felt those were reasonable targets for us to shoot for. And I think as we're getting closer to 2017 and start to get insight into 2017 bookings, et cetera, we continue to feel comfortable with that. I think what may be a bit of confusion is some people would assume that that requires a heroic performance in 2017. And I think part of what we tried to convey this morning is, no, heroic performance would result in really outstanding 2017. But to get to the Double-Double, all we need are moderate capacity growth, which is locked in. Nothing is really going to change that now. Good cost control, which we think we have in good shape, and really quite modest yield improvement. And we think that all that is realistic and continues to be. And I feel, obviously, the closer you get to it and the more information you have, the more you eliminate those kinds of variations. So I think it is important to understand to get to that, we'd like to have heroic yield improvements, but we don't need heroic yield improvements.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's helpful. And then, Jason, finally on Pullmantur to help us with modeling. I believe you said that Pullmantur has a neutral effect to earnings for the rest of the year. Is that...
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: For this year, yes.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, for the rest of this year, right. But can you lay out for us perhaps the impact of deconsolidating Pullmantur on yields for the rest of this year? And then as we think to next year, how much could that perhaps benefit yield?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Sure. So for this year, it's about 1 point in terms of the yield improvement it gives. And so that's why we raised our guidance from a mid-point of 3.25% to a mid-point of 4.25%. When you look at the cadence of yields and so for Q2, for example, it's worth approximately 200 basis points. In Q4, that's worth approximately 300 basis points. And it's about the same, about 300 basis points per quarter, in Q1 and in Q2 of 2017. And it's worth about 1.5 points to the full year in 2017. To give you some color on the cost side, it's worth about 20 basis points to 25 basis points per quarter over the next 12 months.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Just because you misspoke it, you started with second quarter was...
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I'm sorry, it's Q3. Yes, third quarter. Sorry.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. 3Q is the 200 basis points and the 4Q was 300 basis points.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Q3 is the 200 basis points, right.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yep. Okay.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Approximately.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: But Pullmantur now is going to be in that other line, right?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Right. So, the earnings from Pullmantur now will be recorded below the line.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: But the way that you guys record it, will you break it out as a minority interest or will you keep putting in that other line?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: No. It will be the same as how TUI Cruises and SkySea is recorded. So that will be in our other income and expense.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you so much.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You're welcome. Thanks, Felicia.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd.: Good morning. And happy birthday, Michael.
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Thank you.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd.: I have a couple of questions. Celebrity Equinox's recent move over the past 10 days back into the Caribbean, is that something that was driven by Turkey to a greater extent, or is it something that you in general were considering for next year to reduce European exposure, given all the other events that are happening?
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Yeah, Assia, I think it's, of course, everything that you've mentioned. But I think perhaps maybe more important is the importance to Celebrity of being in this key market year-round. Celebrity wasn't here in the summertime. Its customers wanted it. We have the Edge project coming out relatively soon. And so I would consider this a very normal tweak to our itineraries that we do every year.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd.: Okay. And it does seem that European pricing close in has actually held up surprisingly well, I would say. Is that because of the typically more resilient European passenger that we've seen in the past?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Actually, that's right. On a trend perspective, we have seen, and we've even said this on the last call, that we've seen really strong demand trends from the European consumer for European cruises. Now, I think it's important to point out that typically the European consumers spend a little bit less than the North American consumer on their holiday or their cruise holiday in Europe.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I think it's interesting. We are sometimes surprised by these things. After the Brexit vote, I think we expected, for example, it's nothing else the distraction of all the dialogue about it to impact bookings, and we saw nothing. And so a lot of what we're doing isn't so much hypothesizing why things are happening. Because we rely so much on forward bookings, we really observe what is happening. Whether we can explain it or not is another question. But we tend to focus on what the numbers are and they simply lead us in a certain direction.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd.: And the leave voters may not exactly be your key demographic there.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I don't know. I frankly just expected that it was such an interesting thing. It was on the news and everybody was focused on that. And as I said, we would have expected, if only from the distraction, to have an impact on bookings, and we saw literally nothing. We're not complaining.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Ltd.: Great. Thank you. Thank you so much.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Assia.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder, Wells Fargo.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Gentlemen, a few things here. One, Jason, if you could or Richard, China. I think your expectations were for the industry to see modestly down yield. And I know China is really a volume story over time. The end demand is holding up. It's just some digestion of capacity and growing pains, let's say, with the distribution of that. But just an update for the industry or what your thoughts are on yields for this year? And then, from a capacity perspective, for 2017, any commentary that you would have for the industry, and then yourself by the major geographic regions. I think Carnival mentioned that they anticipate the Caribbean to be up 5% in 2017. Just want to get your color on that and for you in particular, and then the other major geographic regions, China, Europe and so forth.
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Tim, let me just – it's Michael, let me just respond to the question with regards to China yields. I think the way you described it is spot on. That's exactly how we do see it but this is kind of a digestion challenge as it relates to capacity and the growth of this market was just being quite extraordinary. We had plan for yield declines in 2016. If you may recall, we're expecting to see some decline and that has been the case. When you look at capacity, certainly in the Shanghai region. When we think of China, we think of it as one market, but, of course, it's really three distinct markets, the north Shenzhen, the south in Hong Kong and south China and, of course, the East which is Shanghai the main market. And most of the capacity is in Shanghai. It's about 65% of the total China business. This year, Shanghai was up around 100%. So, I think your comments were spot on. So, we did expect to see those yield declines and we are dealing with the distribution opportunity. I think when we look into 2017 in relation to capacity, the good news that we see at the moment in terms of 2017 and Shanghai is that growth rates are lot more moderate and some were in the region of 15% to 20% as opposed to 100% this year. And I think maybe Jason could talk to you a little bit about the other markets.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. Great. Thanks, Michael. So, just kind of putting into perspective around the major products. We do expect Caribbean yield to be up around 4% next year for the industry.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: The yield or capacity, Jason?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I'm sorry, capacity around 4% next year and Europe to be about down 5% for the industry. And then, as Michael pointed out, we expect China to be up about 50%, a little bit less than 50% for the entire market going into 2017.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. And then, in general, just maybe a slight range where you thought China yields would be 90 days ago for this year and then where they're looking at now?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Well, I'm not going to give a range, but we thought that China yields would be down for the year as we talked about for the past several quarters, and I would say we're a little bit worse than that.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. And then, on Pullmantur, Jason, maybe a little more on the accounting there because I think you guys are doing a marine management agreement and a lease. Can you maybe talk where those flow into? And then your 49%, I think it was discussed earlier, that's going to flow in the other income similar to what TUI does, but maybe just on some of the those other components?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Sure, Tim. Yeah. So, as we ramp up our management services, as well as the leases, those revenues will hit onboard and other revenue line item. Keep in mind, we still have the depreciation of the ships. So, depreciation really doesn't change. And then the earnings of Pullmantur, we will get 49% of, and that will take place with our other joint ventures below the line.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So, you just keep the assets. You have the depreciation, and then you're leasing those and you get that up in the onboard and other line as well as the management fee that was driving part of the yield as well. Pullmantur's yields to begin with were lower than the fleet.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. They were much lower than the fleet average.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. Thank you, gentlemen.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Just a quick follow-up please on China. Jason, when you mentioned that pricing in China is down moderately and this is also a question with respect to Europe, it would be helpful to get a sense of if roughly, is down 5% the number for each market this year, is that a reasonable ballpark for both markets?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: I think as a relates to giving a specific number, it's not something that we're going to give kind of by product, but I think that as we started off in the beginning of the year, we expected China yields to be down and we expect them to be down more. And Europe, really, Northern Europe and Western Med, that combination is accretive. It's really challenged yields in the Eastern Mediterranean that is driving that product to be – the overall Europe product to be down for the year.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: When you look into 2017 for China, given the incremental capacity in China, is it reasonable to think that we'll see a decline in yields next year although not the same magnitude?
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Hey, Harry. It's Michael. One of the things that I think Richard had commented on earlier is the journey of this market. Certainly, we're optimistic about the overall future in terms of the market potential and we've been very actively engaged in the broadening and the opening of channels in the marketplace. So, I think the comment that I think Tim had made earlier with regards to digestion problems, I think we're working quite actively and we believe our competition is doing the same thing in kind of dealing with this in terms of opening distribution. There is no issue with demand. The demands there in the markets there is the building of the distribution quickly enough to handle the capacity. So, at the moment, we're still working through what we think 2017 would look like and I'm sure we'll be able to talk more about that later on.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. And Harry, I just like to add, I think it's hard for me to imagine an industry where you in one year suddenly double capacity and you have – you fill all that new capacity and only have to make a relatively small reduction in your pricing to do it. Again, I simply look at that and say, wow, that shows how strong the situation is, and I think to extrapolate that and say, well, if you have any weakness in the face of doubling of capacity even though the capacity growth is half as much next year and in the future, you'd still expect to see the same result. I just don't think is a logical inference.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: So let me just ask – I'm 0 for 2 so far, so...
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: That happens to me all the time, Harry.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Maybe a little differently. One of the fears is that the industry will be moving capacity out of China back into these markets – the more traditional markets.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: No way. Excuse me for interrupting you, but the itineraries are, first of all, if we're looking 2017, itineraries are largely fixed. It's very unlikely you will substantial change in the capacity in the different regions. And we are a long-term industry. This is an industry where our horizon is long term. We plan long term. We see a very powerful market, and I don't see any real change in that. So, the idea that because of relatively modest discounting in one year and in the face of, as Jason earlier said, a more profitable environment, even with that discounting, that we would suddenly change the way we've operated forever in the industry. It just doesn't seem to me to again be realistic. So, I think what I'm saying, Harry, is you're over three.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. No. I got half an answer. Thank you, guys.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Harry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Greg Badishkanian with Citi.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks. Two questions. So, first one, I think you mentioned that you saw some – you started seeing softness in recent weeks in China. If you could clarify that and is that within the typical volatility range that you'll see in the China market which is not a developed market?
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Yeah, Greg. Hi. It's Michael. This really is something that we're seeing in Shanghai as we said earlier. We think of China really in these three different distinct markets. And we're seeing it more in Shanghai. We're seeing it in Shanghai, rather. And that's, we think, pretty much related to the significant 100% plus capacity increase that come into the marketplace. What we've seen is it's been challenging maintaining the really peak pricing as we're moving through this period. And of course, we'd expected to see some drop off in terms of the pricing, but we're obviously working with our partners in terms of developing promotional strategies and what have you to stimulate the demand at the right price. What we are seeing is that load factor percentages are exceeding our expectations.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just with respect to Europe and looking specifically at the North American tourist passenger, I think that's like around a third of the passengers that are sailing in Europe, two-thirds are European tourists. So I'm just wondering how have those passengers been – how's the behavior been since you had the coup in Turkey attempt, you had Nice. Is that having a continued impact on that passenger wanting to go to Europe? And when would you expect that passenger group, the North Americans going to Europe, when would you expect that group to start strengthening in terms of demand to go into Europe?
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Well. Greg, it's Michael again. In terms of the North American source market for the European product, we reached a point around June actually, June into July, where the North America demand starts to naturally drop off for European product. So, the latest issues have had not such profound impact on the North Americans because we see the drop-off coming. It's a decline over time. But with the European market, I think Richard had mentioned it or Jason had mentioned it earlier. Particularly after Brexit, we've seen no drop-off at all in the demand. And, certainly, from the European markets, we've been pleased with the demand that we've seen and the European market seems to be particularly resilient. Normally, after we see an incident, an event, a terrorist event, you get this drop-off with bookings from both European and America markets. And what we're beginning to see is the recovery is a lot more rapid in both markets, and certainly in the European market.
Gregory Robert Badishkanian - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Right. Okay. Thanks.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. So just thinking about your guidance and the change in guidance before Pullmantur, since the deconsolidated Pullmantur guidance is that 50 basis point range and your previous guidance was 150 basis points, should we think about your guidance excluding the Pullmantur deconsolidation being more of a narrowing of the range of the 2.5 to 4 going to kind of a 3 to 3.5? And I'm obviously just taking a 100 basis point yield off of the range. And then I just want to think about what that might mean to Q4, because I think some investors are saying this implies your Q4 yields would be up 3% to 9%, but if you're narrowing the range, then it's really just more like 6% yield growth that you're looking for, which I guess would be less than your Q1 yield growth. So just trying to think about whether that math is the right way to think about what your guidance is (52:54) in Pullmantur.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Well, I think, first, as it relates to the narrowing of the range, as we move towards the back half of the year, we typically narrow the range. Also, as I commented in my opening remarks, we're over 93% booked for the year. And so we are in a very good booked position. And especially when you focus on North America, which is very heavy in Q4, we're in a very strong position. So I think when you look at Q4 and you say, well, what's going to have yields drive to a high level? The first component you have to consider is about 300 basis points of that is Pullmantur's deconsolidation. The other thing which I think is important is our commentary about strength in North American products, strength in a mix of products that are very similar to what we had in Q1, which we saw very strong yield improvement for. And also I think just to comments we've had around Harmony and the attraction to Harmony as well as a lot of strength for Ovation out of Australia, which is where she'll be in the wintertime. Those are, I would say, are the underlying currents that support a sizeable yield growth in the fourth quarter.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. No, that's helpful. Thanks. And then my other question is just on China. If we think about China having capacity increase again next year, if your yields in China were down a similar percentage rate as they were down, and I know you haven't said what that percent rate is. But if they had a similar rate of decline next year, would that still be accretive to earnings for you, the ships in China? And, I guess, two questions, would it still be accretive to yields and would it still be accretive to earnings?
Michael W. Bayley - Royal Caribbean International: Yeah. Robin, it's Michael. Yeah, I think it's a good question. I mean, obviously, I don't think we've mentioned it previously, but with the softness that we've seen, still China continues to generate above-average yields and it's accretive to our business. And that's how we view the China market and I think that's what we'll see in 2017.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. And I'll just add, in terms of it being accretive to earnings and to returns – first off, it's already a very high returning market. Having another half year of Ovation is a strong tailwind to returns for 2017.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You know, Robin, I know this question has come up and I'll build on it as well as in the way I responded to Harry earlier. I'm aware that there are some concerns that if China doesn't develop, all that capacity will turn left and head towards the Caribbean and saturate the Caribbean. And it would require an enormous change in the fundamentals of China to even begin to contemplate that. I will just tell you within our company, the subject has literally never arisen in any deployment discussion that I am aware of. And we are so far from it that we just think that would require a level of change that none of us think is likely or even remotely likely. So I understand the sensitivity on this, but we just aren't seeing those kinds of shifts. And, again, I emphasize, we think long term. And so we're looking at a market that continues to grow, and grow nicely.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. That's helpful. Thanks again. The reason I was just asking about this similar decline next year is to sort of triangulate into like, therefore, your yields really can't be much worse than some kind of single-digit decline given that if it's still accretive to next year with a similar rate of decline. But it sounds like we're not going to get that specific. So, okay. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Robin. Well, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Hi, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Can you guys talk about capacity numbers next year? I know Pullmantur camp is coming out, and Legend. And is there anything else that we should be thinking about? And then, would you kindly update us on your expectations for capacity growth over the remaining two quarters of the year?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Sure. So, at this point, there's nothing else, I think, planned as it relates to new additions or deletions from our fleet going in into 2017. Just to clarify, was your question, capacity just for us or capacity more for the industry?
Jaime Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): No. For you guys, because it swung from up 4 to down 2 next year.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yes. So – but you were asking what's our year-over-year capacity change for Q3 and Q4 this year?
Jaime Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Yes, sir.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Okay. So, Q3, our capacity change is about 3%. And in Q4, it's flat.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): And then, can you guys also talk about what the other initiative costs you had that you had taken out as a onetime item? Do that have to do with building out in China or something else?
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: You mean in terms, for adjusted earnings?
Jaime Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Yes.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Yeah. Yeah. No, those had more to do with our structural changes that we were doing as it relates mainly to Pullmantur, so closing down offices like, for example, in Brazil is really what most of those costs relate to.
Jaime Katz - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. Great. That's all I have.
Jason T. Liberty - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Thanks, Jaime.
Richard D. Fain - Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.: Okay. Thank you for your assistance, Nicole, with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carol will be available for any follow-up questions you might have, and I wish you all a great day. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason Liberty – Chief Financial Officer Richard Fain – Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Michael Bayley – President & Chief Executive Officer Adam Goldstein – President & Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Gregory Badishkanian – Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Kevin Milota – JPMorgan Securities Steven Wieczynski – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital, Inc. Harry Curtis – Nomura Securities International, Inc. Tim Conder – Wells Fargo Securities Robin Farley – UBS Securities Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs & Co. Sharon Zackfia – William Blair & Co. Stuart Gordon – Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. Vince Ciepiel – Cleveland Research Co. Jaime Katz – Morningstar, Inc. Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research Ltd. Jared Shojaian – Wolfe Research James Hardiman – Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] It now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Jason Liberty, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason Liberty: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, our President and Chief operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carol Cabezas, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which have been posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filing and other disclosures. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow with a recap of our first quarter results, provide an update on the booking environment and then provide an update on our full-year and second quarter guidance for 2016. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thanks, Jason, and good morning, everybody. It is a pleasure to have the chance to provide more color on the quarter and to talk about our direction going forward. Internally, we start almost every meeting talking about the Double-Double and I'm going to follow that practice here as well. Obviously, it's gratifying to report results that are so much higher than we have ever enjoyed in any winter quarter in our history and that naturally strengthens our confidence in our ability to reach these targets. As a reminder, our Double-Double program established targets to double our 2014 earnings per share and to reach double-digit ROIC by 2017. That means earnings per share next year in excess of $6.78 and ROIC of 10% or better. The results that we're reporting today not only bring us closer to those goals, but they also demonstrate how powerful our brands are and how well they are doing. As gratifying as today's results are, I should also reiterate that we manage our business and we assess our performance on an annual basis not on a quarterly one. We always have pluses and minuses affecting different seasons and different itineraries. In today's case, we are in the happy position that just about everything in the quarter that could have gone right did. Ticket revenue was stellar, onboard revenue was terrific, cost were well controlled and even below the line items helped. While it's impossible to isolate out some things, it is interesting to note that strong, last minute demand helped our bookings at the same time while we were simultaneously enforcing our price integrity program. It's very validating to me that we saw such strong close-in demand for products like the Caribbean, despite our program designed to eliminate last minute discounts. A key driver of our future success continues to be the success of our executional efforts. Execution is everything and it is going very well indeed. Our brands are firing on all cylinders, costs are well controlled and our new ships are getting rave reviews. As a result, our guests are coming back in ever-increasing numbers and we're raising the demand from those who have never cruised before. I would like to take this opportunity to express my appreciation to the men and women at Royal Caribbean, at sea and on land, who are working so hard and so well every single day. The key to the Double-Double and the key to our success beyond Double-Double is our ability to execute at the highest level. We are indebted to all of them for doing so. Of course, as always is the case, some markets do better than others. This year we've seen particularly good results in the U.S. markets. We've seen some weakness in the Mediterranean sailings but strength in the Caribbean, Baltic and Alaska. China continues to be one of our great success stories and now represents 9% of our capacity. The market there has received the Royal Caribbean international brand exceptionally well and that market continues to grow at extraordinary rates. Brand image is particularly important in China and we have been very pleased with the exceptional position Royal Caribbean has earned there. Total industry capacity in China over just the last two years has more than quadrupled. That's an extraordinary amount for any market to absorb. Against that background, the fact that our yields have held up there as well as they have is powerful evidence of the scale of the opportunity. Now, in 2017 and 2018 industry capacity growth drops to only about 50% per year and that gives us further comfort about the future there. Most importantly, I believe our unique strategy in China is working very well. Firstly, we have brought to the market the best ships, the biggest, the baddest and the newest. The Chinese appreciate that we have acted so positively towards their country and that has enabled us to establish an unusually strong first mover advantage. Secondly, we have worked hard to educate and assist the distribution system there. We haven't just taken advantage of existing channels, but we've actively worked to make them more successful. We have the largest team in China dedicated to training and supporting the distribution system. That helps the travel agents be successful, it helps them sell our product. Lastly, we have aggressively invested in ways to link us more directly with the end consumer and help establish a deeper connection with our guests. All of this has enabled us to communicate successfully what makes Royal Caribbean better, different and special. A few weeks ago, we took delivery of Ovation of the Seas and in two weeks, we will take delivery of Harmony of the Seas, extraordinary. Ovation is simply magnificent. The reaction has been overwhelming to her numerous innovation such as RipCord by iFLY; VOOM, the fastest Internet at sea; the amazing lounge, 270, and 18 restaurants which our guests can choose amongst. The Chinese public appreciate the Royal Caribbean took the lead in bringing new hardware to China and Ovation will be the first cruise ship to be named thereby the very famous singer, actress, Fan Bingbing. Delivery of Harmony of the Seas in two weeks should be just as exciting, albeit on this side of the world. She builds on the incredible success of our Oasis series of ships and she's one of the most anticipated new ships of the year. Lastly, in June, we are very excited to be taking delivery of TUI Cruises' newest ship, Mein Schiff 5. TUI Cruises continue to perform exceptionally well in the German market and this vessel will add to its success. Before I turn the call back to Jason, there is one last item I wish to cover. For a company to be successful in today's world, it's important that we not only do it right but we also do the right thing. At Royal Caribbean, ethical leadership is an important part of our worldview. It is something that matters to our people but it is a different metric to measure. Fortunately, there is an organization called the Ethisphere Institute and it was organized specifically for the purpose of encouraging good corporate stewardship. I am therefore extremely pleased that Ethisphere recognized Royal Caribbean in 2016 as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies. We value this honor and we intend to continue following our mantra of continuous improvement. With that, it is my pleasure to turn the call back to Jason. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. I'll begin by talking about our results for the first quarter. Unless I state differently, all metrics will be on a Constant Currency basis. Our first quarter results are summarized on slide two. Adjusted earnings were $0.57 per share, nearly double our guidance of $0.30 and almost triple Q1 of 2015 results. Net revenue yields are up 7% for the quarter approximately 300 basis points higher than our guidance. This past quarter results were exceptionally good driven by continued strength in both ticket and onboard revenue as well as a weaker dollar and better fuel prices. On the ticket side, strength in North America resulted in significantly better-than-expected close-in demand and pricing for the Caribbean. Onboard revenue was up 8.7% for the quarter. While we saw a year-over-year improvements in most key onboard revenue areas, beverage and Internet led the majority of the outperformance. Cost for the quarter were in line with guidance. As we discussed on our last earnings call, cost metrics for the first quarter were expected to be higher year-over-year driven by investments in China, timing of marketing and additional dry-dock days. Below the line, we saw continued outperformance from our equity investments. During the quarter, lower fuel prices and a weaker dollar contributed approximately $0.08 to the improvement. As previously discussed, we eliminated Pullmantur's two-month accounting lag during the first quarter 2016. The negative impact to earnings of $0.10 per share was in line with the guidance provided on our last earnings call. This represents the results from November and December of 2015 and has been adjusted out of the company's key metrics. Now, I will turn to the demand environment for the balance of 2016. During our last call, we shared that WAVE was off to a good start. This trend continued through the first quarter and certainly contributed to our strong yield performance in Q1. We are now approximately 80% booked for the year with both load factor and pricing at a similar level at the same time last year. When adjusting for China, which is a much closer-in booking environment, we are ahead in both volume and rate for the balance of 2016. Additionally, our guests continue to plan their vacations further out. Over the past quarter, our booking window has extended even further and is at its highest levels yet. Our product mix in the back half of the year is weighted more towards the Caribbean and high yield in China itineraries than it was last year, and we also have less exposure to the weaker Latin America market. Q3 and Q4 include the full benefit of two newbuilds entering the fleet. In May, Ovation of the Seas will begin her 53-day repositioning sailing to her new home in Tianjin, China. Harmony of the Seas will be in the Mediterranean this summer before repositioning to the Caribbean in early Q4. The China market is highly anticipating the arrival of Ovation of the Seas in Tianjin at the end of June. Overall, trends for China are within our expected range, albeit at the lower end for sailings from Shanghai. That said, we've sold a higher percentage of China inventory over the past three months than we sold during the same period last year. As a whole, the portfolio is still expected to deliver yields significantly above the average and continues to command a significant premium in the China market. Our winter 2016-2017 Australia sailings have seen strong early demand at rates that are similar to last year, despite continued capacity growth in the market. Moving to Europe. Demand for Mediterranean sailings has been strong, particularly from European points of sale, and load factor is ahead of last year. However, recent geopolitical events did have an impact on booking volumes in the United States. While bookings have now returned to typical levels, we had to lower pricing and shift sourcing to recover the volume lost during the initial lull in demand. Our global presence enabled us to quickly adjust our sourcing activities, but our rate has been impacted since North American consumers typically pay more for our European cruises than guest sourced more locally. As a result, we have lowered our yield expectations for these itineraries. Outside of the Mediterranean, European business is far more encouraging with volumes and rate both in a good position for the Baltics. North American base products account for just over half of our 2016 capacity and are proving to be another bright spot this year. As I mentioned, we did see a softening in demand for Europe cruises following the events in Brussels. However, overall demand for cruising from North American consumers remains extremely strong, and our Caribbean, Alaska and Bermuda itineraries are each poised to have a strong year and generate nice yield improvements. The Caribbean performed extraordinary well in Q1, and the balance of the year is also in a strong book position. There is particularly strong interest in Harmony of the Seas, which begins her sailings in the Caribbean during the fourth quarter. Alaska and Bermuda are booked nicely ahead of same time last year in both occupancy and pricing. Anthem of the Seas will sail to Bermuda from Cape Liberty throughout the summer and is receiving strong demand at superior prices, and we are also trending towards a record-yielding Alaska season. If you turn to slide three, you will see our updated guidance for full year 2016. Net revenue yields are expected to grow 2.5% to 4%, an increase relative to previous expectations. This guidance incorporates the robust Q1 performance, partially offset by a reduction in expectations for the Mediterranean. As is always the case, performance will vary a bit across products and by quarter. But on the whole, the balance of the portfolio is relatively on par with previous expectations. From a cost perspective, we are anticipating net cruise cost excluding fuel to be up approximately 1% which is slightly higher than previous expectations driven mainly by the delay in the start date of Empress of the Seas. We anticipate fuel expense of $734 million for the year and we are 65% hedged. Since our last earnings call, fuel prices have modestly increased while the dollar has weakened relative to our basket of currencies. The combination of these two factors is contributing approximately $0.15 to our full year earnings of which $0.08 was realized in Q1. Based on current fuel prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $6.15 to $6.35, $0.25 higher than the previous guidance. The $6.25 midpoint represents a 33% improvement in earnings per share, further strengthening our position to reach Double-Double next year. Before we discuss second quarter guidance, I would like to give you an update on our $500 million share repurchase program. As of this call, we have repurchased $450 million in shares under the current authorization leaving $50 million which will be spent opportunistically this year. We remain focused on improving shareholder returns and we will remain balanced between those efforts on our target to obtain an investment-grade rating. Now we can turn to our guidance for the second quarter, which is on slide four. We expect net revenue yields used to be up approximately 1% for the second quarter. There are several factors limiting yield growth for the quarter. While booking volumes for the Mediterranean have recovered since the attacks in Brussels, promotional activities were necessary to stimulate demand for closer-in sailings. These weaker trends of the Mediterranean are having a disproportionate impact especially in the second quarter. From a structural standpoint, there is a drag on Q2 yields from the high-yielding Holy Week sailings which took place in March this year versus April last year. Also, we are introducing two new ships during the quarter which involve a ramp up of occupancy and a lower yielding long positioning sailing. As a result, we expect yield growth to be smaller in Q2 than in the back half of the year. Net Cruise Costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up approximately 2%. Based on current fuel prices interest rates and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter are expected to be approximately $1. With that, I will ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian of Citi.
Gregory Badishkanian: Great. Thank you. Just first question with respect to the strength in the North American itineraries, Caribbean and Alaska. How much of that do you think is – you said the close-in bookings were very strong but you didn't discount heavily like you've done maybe in the past. So how much of that is due to passengers who otherwise would have went to Europe are staying at home versus maybe improved marketing or they were just waiting for these discounts, they never came, so they decided to book anyway?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Greg, it's Michael. Good question. I think it's difficult to pinpoint one of these different elements. But I think it's a combination of several factors. Certainly, some of the softness that we see in Europe, I think, the Caribbean is the beneficiary of that. A lot of the Americans that previously were planning on going to Europe are now going to the Caribbean. So that's great. They're also going to Alaska. We've got great hardware in the Caribbean and the American market this year. So we've moved some of our ships around with Anthem in New York and Harmony in Port Canaveral in the fourth quarter with Allure in Port Canaveral, Oasis in Port Canaveral, Liberty that we've just revitalized sailing out of Galveston. So I think the combination of the quality of the brands, the hardware, some of the softness in Europe has really buoyed up the demand from the American market for the products in the Caribbean.
Gregory Badishkanian: And just on China, if you look at kind of apples to apples or comparable sailings, how comfortable are you? I know you probably expect a bit of degradation due to all the capacity coming in, but how comfortable and how in line are those with what you've been kind of expecting, let's say, even if you go back to last year?
Michael Bayley: Yeah. I think – it's Michael, again. I think we had said that we had an expectation that China yields would be down in 2016 versus 2015. And we just finished the first quarter, and everything came in as we expected for this first quarter. So we're feeling quite comfortable that we will come in against our expectations.
Gregory Badishkanian: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And just one final on Cuba. What do you think the opportunity is for Royal to take advantage of that market and maybe potential timing of benefits?
Michael Bayley: Yeah. I think, obviously, we've been watching all of the news, and we've been doing our own planning. I think the opportunity will be good for Royal when everything opens up appropriately, and we're planning to do just that. But I think it's going to be an interesting opportunity for us. It will be great for our customers, our guests and travel partners. I don't think it's going to have a massive material impact on our overall business. It will just be very positive for us.
Jason Liberty: Just one quick overall. We're going to try to limit the questions to one or two questions. There is a lot of question or individuals in the queue to ask questions. So if we can try to manage it to one or two that would be great.
Gregory Badishkanian: Great. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Milota of JPMorgan.
Kevin Milota: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Two questions here for you. First, onboard, just give us some more color on – obviously, you called beverage and internet. But is the trend that you experienced here in the first quarter something that we can look to continue in the second, third and fourth quarters? That being first and then second, on Shanghai, you called that out in your China commentary. Maybe, give a little more color on what you're experiencing in China to take that down to the bottom end of the range? Many thanks.
Jason Liberty: So, on the onboard side, I think, this general trend is something that we do continue to expect to see. Obviously, an 8.7% growth is wonderful, and I don't think we expect that same level of rate going forward because there are some year-over-year comps that become more challenging. But I would say that the brands are adding a lot more to the offering. They're doing more on a pre-cruise sales perspective. On the Internet side, there will be more and more Royal ships that will have VOOM, as we go into Q2 and beyond. And also in the first quarter, Celebrity introduced Xcelerate, that's with an "X," which is not to the same level as VOOM but is far superior to the Internet capabilities relative to the competitive set. So I think overall the trends – and we've had several years now, positive trends should continue.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Kevin. On the question on Shanghai, I mean, obviously we look at China typically everybody looks at it as one market but really, of course, it's three markets it's the North and it's the South and it's Shanghai and we have presence in all three of those regional markets. Shanghai is the biggest market for us. I think it's about 50% to 60% of our total China business. Capacity is up in the Shanghai market in 2016, quite a lot. I think what we are seeing there and we've talked about that is we expect yields to be down moderately and that's certainly true and in Shanghai that's what we are seeing it's a little bit towards the lower end of the range that we expected.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski: Hey. Good morning, guys. So first question I guess, if you go back to – If I look at your commentary from the fourth quarter about your booked load position for non-China itineraries, it seems like based on your commentary today, those itineraries have gotten a good bit better, is that a pretty fair statement?
Jason Liberty: Yes, Steve. I think that's the booking environment – so first, just to kind of tee it up, is two-thirds of our capacity growth this year is going into China, which is a much closer-in booking environment. So the year-over-year comp is a little bit more challenging because you have more of a closer-in environment in your mix. When you take that out as you said, even going into the fourth quarter call, as well as what we have seen through WAVE, we have seen strength and we are in a very good booked position on both the load factor and APD basis.
Richard Fain: Stephen, it's Richard. If I could add one comment on that, I think it's important to understand that we have a fair amount of flexibility in terms of managing that to the level that we want it to be. And last year and this year, we really had record levels of capacity booked at this time and at the end of last year. And as a practical matter, we probably don't want to have much more than that. And so that's a revenue management question. A lot depends on how we're managing our price integrity program, how we expect bookings to be in the later period. So it's not only an indicator of how strong demand is, it's also something that we manage to get to a level that we want. So going forward I wouldn't really expect us to be looking for higher levels of capacity booked than we've been seeing over last year and this year.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, thanks. And appreciate the commentary. Then second question, I don't know if you'll be able to answer this but in terms of the Easter shift and Holy Week, how much – I know there's a way to quantify how much that benefited 1Q and then how much is it taking out of 2Q in terms of yields?
Jason Liberty: Yeah, Steve, I would, it's approximately 20 basis points to 30 basis points that would swap from one quarter to another. And also the strength that happened in the first quarter was really across the entire quarter. It wasn't necessarily isolated to one this Holy Week sailings. So I think that's just something else I wanted to point out that it was close-in strength for really all North American products during that quarter.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Jason Liberty: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Thanks a lot. Jason, as we think about the second half, I know this isn't really necessarily a time when you give guidance for third quarter, but just given some of the misunderstandings about the second quarter, I was just wondering if you could help us understand the cadence of the quarters for third and fourth quarters, because I think if you look at consensus now it looks like it's kind of evenly split. And then – and for your yield guidance for the remainder of the year, how much of that is coming from your new ships and how much is coming from the core?
Jason Liberty: Okay. So, cadence-wise as it relates to Q3 and Q4 and I think taking into account some of our commentary around the Med, you guys should consider that Q4 should be higher than Q3 as it relates to the cadence. And also take into account that we're going to have much more Caribbean product mix in the fourth quarter and we talked about the strength of North American market and the book position that's relative to that. As it relates to the core, I would say the majority of the yields growth, well, I would say majority meaning greater than 50% of the yield growth is coming from the new hardware that's coming online in the back half of the year. And I do want to stress the back half of the year because though Ovation is now in our environment and Harmony will be in a couple of weeks, those ships do take some time to ramp up and also reposition.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So the fourth quarter sounds like normally seasonally not stronger than the third, but just given what's going on now that is what we should see.
Jason Liberty: That's right.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then, my next question for Michael on China, and this is a bigger picture question, but I think almost every investor meeting I have I get asked this question so I think it's worth addressing. I was just wondering if for a moment you could talk about the company's commitment to region and the industry's commitment to the region because there is a lot of investor concern that if pricing doesn't remain its premiums or pricing comes down, we all know with the supply coming on, will the cruise lines back off on their commitment to the region and ultimately could it effect the supply/demand balance that the industry is facing today elsewhere. So I was just wondering if you could talk about how you're thinking about the China investment and is there a realistic scenario where that commitment changes?
Michael Bayley: Yeah. I think it's a great question we've been in the China market now for nearly nine years we've been investing in the market, building distribution, building our sales presence, building our relationship, and more importantly, building the brand, and building a good customer base. And I think, as we've said, previously, we've done very well in the market in terms of being the recipient of the best cruise line for eight years in a row, the recipient of the best premium cruise line. So we've done a lot of work in building the brand. I think there's this question about supply and demand then, of course, distribution. When you look at supply, obviously, we tend to get at times anxious because more capacity is coming into the market. But I think really the question is, is how much demand is in the marketplace. What we see, if you look at just the sheer size of the outbound market in China, it's the largest outbound market in the world that has been growing at an incredible rate. Cruise as part of that outbound market is really quite tiny, it's relatively small. We believe that the opportunity for cruise is quite significant in terms of the long-term development and that's why we've been in the market for 9 years. So we are quite optimistic about the future of China as a marketplace and I think we have been quite careful and strategic about the decisions that we have made. I think when we introduced Quantum last year that was really proved to be a successful decision. Customers come into the travel agents and request Quantum, request Ovation and request Royal Caribbean. So our commitment is quite strong to the development of China in the future as a marketplace.
Felicia Hendrix: And as you think about your profitability there, which you have said before is on a per passenger cruise day basis higher than the rest of your regions, when you think about the profitability aligned with the premiums that you are seeing now, where would that breakeven level be?
Michael Bayley: Well, I don't think I could answer that question specifically. I think it's true that China continues to trade at the high end of the ticket yield range and deliver high onboard revenue yields and our Chinese sourcing delivers high profit and returns against all of the global markets. So we feel that that opportunity is very good.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis of Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Hi. Good morning. There has been some discussion about the positive impact that we are seeing from the net effect of FX and fuel, but to what degree are the results this year, particular the cost, somewhat more elevated than they are going to be next year. You are being penalized because of the 50-plus day shift of Ovation, also the delay of Empress. To what degree are there higher costs that you are just not going to see next year?
Jason Liberty: Hi, Harry, I think on the cost side, as we talked about over the long run here, we are managing these costs, I think in a very effective way and certainly a factor in our progress towards the Double-Double target. I don't think that there are specific one-off costs in this year that exist. I think that most of the cost growth that you are seeing relates to things, as an example, would be like the Internet. Putting VOOM or Xcelerate on our ships, there is a cost to that. Improving our footprint, which we will continue to do in China, there's a cost to that. So I don't think that there is something that is specific to this year. I think it's just more in general that this is the investment cost to grow our business. If you look at over the past three years, our cost on average have been basically flat and I think that's been pretty strong result. But I think, going forward, they're going to be cost that we have to manage, for example, like improving marketing in order to improve yield.
Harry Curtis: Moving on to the second question, with no new ship deliveries next year, what's a reasonable level of cash that should be returned or could be returned to shareholders next year?
Jason Liberty: I think, obviously, capital return is something that will be a discussion with our board. We clearly want to be in a position to balance investing in our growth, which is pretty well planned, being an investment-grade credit and then you are providing capital returns to our shareholders. And I think for us we want to get through the authorization, the $500 million authorization that we still have $50 million left to do and I'm sure we will address that in the future as those decisions are taken.
Harry Curtis: So it's reasonable to think that you're not going to stop at the $50 million left?
Jason Liberty: I would say that it's reasonable to think that our management team and our board will be considering that dividends and share buybacks are mechanisms to return capital to shareholders.
Harry Curtis: Okay. Thanks, Jason.
Jason Liberty: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder of Wells Fargo.
Tim Conder: Thank you. First of all, congrats on managing through a lot of moving parts along the way. But I'm going circle back to China here, Adam, Jason or Richard, can you just sort of give us your color on what your net yield range is for China on year-over-year and maybe break that down into the like-for-like itineraries versus the impact of more year around capacity and clearly adding shoulder periods which pulls that average down?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. We don't give specific guidance on our Net Yields in the market but, as Michael commented, it is certainly a significant premium to our fleet average as well as a significant premium to the marketplace there today. We also commented on the fourth quarter call that we expected yields to be down in China and we still expect that. And as Michael commented I think the only kind of pressure point has been Shanghai, where there has been a lot of capacity in place. But I think that people should look at China as well as Asia in total. It's a market that the average yield is higher than the average and as we add more capacity in, that improves our revenue and that improves our profitability and that's how you should see us continuing our strategy.
Tim Conder: And then net profitability, Jason, again to clarify from prior question is given that on the yield side, is it higher than the balance of the world, is that fair to assume?
Jason Liberty: On a return perspective?
Tim Conder: Yes.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. No, it's both on yield and on returns. It's certainly higher than the average.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then could you expand on your comments about connecting more directly with the Chinese consumer? And then, lastly, how should we think about the cadence of the new ships from Mein Schiff coming in and the impact there on the income from TUI in particular below the line?
Jason Liberty: Hi, Tim. I can talk about how we have been connecting with the customer in China. One of the things that we have been doing is investing more in the consumer marketing direct to customer. So, for example, this year we launched a television campaign in Tianjin and Shanghai with a dedicated Chinese TV commercials and what have we've been spending more time just talking directly to the consumer. And, of course, over time we've literally built up a loyal database of customers who have sailed with this and they are great advocates for the brand. And, of course, they talk about Royal Caribbean in the marketplace. So it's a gradual process and it's a process we've been engaged in for some time and we will continue to invest in.
Tim Conder: And then TUI?
Jason Liberty: Sorry, Tim. What was the question on TUI?
Tim Conder: Just how should we think about the cadence of the Mein Schiff 5 and then Mein Schiff 6. As those come into the flow here, how should we think about that impacting net equity income line?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think that we do now breakout that profitability line or the equity pickup line in our filing and I think that – I think it's reasonable to consider that that trend change year-over-year will continue as the new ships come onboard.
Tim Conder: Great. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. Just looking at your full year yield guidance, you know, it's not up by as much as the outperformance in Q1. Should we think about that more as just, it's within the range of being conservative surrounding or is it – do you have a slightly more conservative view over the rest of the year because of your comments about the Med? And I am just thinking about – it sounded like Q2 a little lower than consensus but I would think the Med would be more of a Q3 impact than Q2. So just maybe how to think about that? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. So, Robin, to that point, the increase in our yield guidance for the year, which is – gives the midpoint of 3.25%. A lot of that is a read through from Q1 and then from Q2 to Q4 we're taking a – I wouldn't say it's a more conservative posture but a more realistic posture as it relates to the Mediterranean and it's our expectation our yields are going to be lower. It is disproportional in Q2 for a few reasons. One of which is the ships are now repositioning or have repositioned to Europe. So they do have May sailings and June sailings. And as I talked about the lull that we saw after the recent geopolitical events that there was a need to do some price stimulation on some of the more the closer-in bookings that related to the Med in which that lull really occurred with the North American consumer.
Robin Farley: But then you are comfortable with Q3 because after that, sort of, lull post Brussels, in other words you've seen the pickup since then for the med sailings later in Q3?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. It's picked up. Actually our load factors are higher. As I commented in my remarks but we're sourcing more guests from Europe and European consumers do spend a little bit less on ticket and certainly less on onboard and that does weigh in on both Q2 and Q3 yields.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. And then lastly just a quick clarification, you mentioned sales in China higher in the last three months. Is that just volume higher or did you mean actually like load higher like capacity adjusted volumes higher?
Jason Liberty: It's volume, but the common hold for capacity adjusted.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent of Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent: Hi. Good morning. Two questions. What percentage of your European summer sailings are typically U.S. sourced and how has that changed this year? I am not sure, if you have addressed it yet but the Empress of the Seas delay, what is causing that?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Steven, I think Jason is looking at the numbers on the European sourcing, I can talk a little bit about Empress of the Seas. We brought Empress back from Pullmantur, it had been over with Pullmantur for approximately 9 years. We obviously had an expectation. We were going to do a certain amount of work with the ship and as we started the work we realized that we simply had more work to do. We wanted to make sure that we brought the ship up to the standard that our customers are used to with Royal Caribbean International, and a lot of that work required just more time to complete it. So, we had to extend the work time. And I think now we've got the ship scheduled to come back into operation at the end of May.
Steven Kent: So, this was customer-facing stuff rather than engineering?
Michael Bayley: No, it was related to customer experience.
Steven Kent: Okay.
Jason Liberty: Yeah. And Steve on the European sourcing side, the European, approximately about two-thirds of our guests for European sailings come from Europe, and this year it will be 3 or 4 percentage points higher as we've shifted that sourcing.
Steven Kent: Okay. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: You got it. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. Jason, can you give us for the Mediterranean, what your capacity is over the spring and summer versus last year?
Michael Bayley: Sorry, Med capacity year-over-year is basically flat. It's up about 1% for us year-over-year.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. And then just to clarify on Robin's question earlier, the lull that you saw from North American demand, that is recovered, I wasn't sure if you were saying you recovered it just with the European sourcing, or if you've seen the North American customer come back to a more normalized, kind of, booking cadence for the Med?
Jason Liberty: The lull is just overall recovery in terms of load factor. As Michael commented before the North American consumer, there was still very interested in Europe, but some of that interest has shifted to the North American products were we've seen a lot of strength.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: You got it. Thanks, Sharon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stuart Gordon of Berenberg.
Stuart Gordon: Yeah, good afternoon. And I have a couple of questions please. I'm interested on VOOM, I was just wondering how many ships you now have are connected and how will that change over this year and how has it been changing? And also, could you just give us a flavor for how you think about your guidance? Clearly, the close-in bookings and the onboard spend was extremely strong in the quarter. But how do you think about that when you're putting together your guidance? Is the assumption based on what you are seeing in booking trend at the point in time, or do you try and be more dynamic about it? Thank you.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Stuart, It's Michael. I can answer the question with regards to VOOM. On May the 1st, literally every single ship in the Royal Caribbean International fleet will have VOOM onboard. So, we're literally now implementing it ship-by-ship. I can't recall how many ships have it currently but literally in a few days every single ship will have it.
Jason Liberty: Yeah.
Stuart Gordon: And so what pace was that? Sorry Michael, is it – how many – I mean, is that evenly spread over the last 12 to 18 months?
Michael Bayley: I can't recall, Stuart, how many ships we had about a couple of months ago. This has literally happened over about a 90 day to 120-day period that we've implemented the entire fleet. So it's literally gone from 5, 6, 7 ships to 23 ships, 24 ships over the past 90 days.
Stuart Gordon: Okay. Thanks.
Jason Liberty: And then, Stuart, as it relates to how we think about guidance, certainly our guidance is really a reflection of what we're seeing in the booking environment prior to the call and certainly we've seen patterns on close-in. We would certainly be taking that to account in our guidance. There was particular strength in the first quarter from the North American consumer for the Caribbean. And on the onboard, as we continue to rollout VOOM, as Michael indicated, or Xcelerate on Celebrity, those are new things we are introducing that not all the time you create the results that we saw, as we introduced new things but clearly that worked well for us in the first quarter.
Stuart Gordon: Okay. That's great. Thanks very much.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Stuart.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vince Ciepiel of Cleveland Research.
Vince Ciepiel: Hi. I had a question on the new pricing policy. On a prior call, you mentioned there would be some residual impact in 2016, maybe some cabins going empty. Could you comment on how you've seen this trend year-to-date? And I think you also mentioned that by 2017 the impact would be positive. Do you think you're still tracking in line with that target?
Richard Fain: Yeah. I think it's still playing out pretty much as we expected. We do think that there is some impact on capacity or on occupancy in 2016. But as we said we don't think the effect has been huge, and we think that by 2017 it will be positive. So nothing has changed in our perspective as to how that would play out.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Thank you. And then, secondly, on Net Cruise Costs, I know you guys have mentioned they tend to be a little lumpy on a quarterly basis. But I think there was the thought that the fourth quarter would be lower. And the guidance seems to imply the second half maybe turns negative year-over-year. So if you could just comment on the quarterly cadence 3Q versus 4Q in terms of Net Cruise Costs?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. So I think cost for the third quarter will be lower than they are in the fourth quarter should be the expectation. What drives that is, obviously, there is the new capacity coming online. But also we don't have any dry dock days in the third quarter, and last year we did. And so that makes that year-over-year comp more achievable. So that should be how you kind of think about the cadence for the back half of the year.
Vince Ciepiel: Thank you.
Jason Liberty: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime Katz: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I'm actually curious about some of the smaller brands. First, the performance of Pullmantur over the last few months in light of the Mediterranean environment. And then I think it's been some time since we've heard anything about the relationship with Ctrip. So I'm curious if we can learn more about any of the read-throughs that you've gotten from them about the Chinese consumer or anything that's changed with that relationship. Thanks.
Richard Fain: Sure. I'll comment on Pullmantur. As you know, we did take a change in strategy. We decided that it would be better to pull back a bit and focus on the Spanish and French markets. That actually seems to be doing well. And actually Pullmantur ironically has had some of the more positive variances in our company. At the same time, as I know it's been said publicly, we periodically look at strategic opportunities and we would do that for any of our enterprises, but we'll see where that takes us. But, right now, ironically, Spain, in particular, is proving itself to be turning around quite strongly. Now, it's doing so from a very low base, but it does appear to be doing so. And so I think we're feeling better about that market than we have in a long time. I'll ask Adam to talk on the Ctrip.
Adam Goldstein: Hi, Jaime. So Ctrip is our partner in SkySea and we are very, very pleased to be in partnership with them. They are an excellent company, forward-looking, very much a fundamental part of the growing Chinese travel market and good partners we think for the long-term. SkySea, the name of the cruise line that is our venture with Ctrip will be coming up on its first anniversary in about three weeks. And so, she is a very, very young cruise line with one ship and doesn't have the kind of presence yet in the Chinese market that would even compare to Royal Caribbean International, as Michael has been discussing. So, we hope to build a different profile of client, the client that understands that this is a primarily Chinese-owned venture and we'll offer certain opportunities whether through technology or in the guest experience that will be differentiating in the marketplace. But it's very early days still. We'll have to see how the second season goes and we hope to be able to grow SkySea in the future.
Jaime Katz: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva of Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: Good morning. Congratulations on a great Q1. I had a couple of quick questions. So, in terms of the European sourced passengers, they tend to book closer in than the North American passenger. Do think that there still may be an opportunity in May, in June, to where that lull post-Brussels kind of gets taken away from people's minds and we might see some close-in pick up?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Assia. The European markets have been quite good. So, the lull was more impact to the North American customer than it impacted the European customer. European sourcing has been pretty good. And there is this kind of transition point that occurs around May, June in terms of a natural shift between demand between the North American market and the European market. As you've pointed out, it's more of a late booking market for the European. So, it's going to pick up anyway out of the European markets, but the European markets are in pretty good condition.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. Thank you, Michael. And, Richard, quick question for you. I think in your opening remarks you mentioned $6.78 EPS target for 2017. I may have missed something, but somehow I had a $7 figure stuck in my mind.
Richard Fain: I didn't actually – maybe I should have been clear, that is the Double-Double number. So, our EPS in 2014 – our adjusted EPS was $3.39 and our Double-Double target is simply double that and if my math is right, and I sure hope it is, that's $6.78. I think people may have sort of been rounding that to $7 and I know some people think that we're doing better than the Double-Double, but we set out the Double-Double. It was an aggressive target when we set it out. The objective was to mobilize the people in the company to that goal. It served that purpose very well. And, obviously, if we do better than the $6.78 that would be terrific too. So I don't think we've – we're not giving guidance for 2017 but that is literally the target that we set a year or two ago when we set those targets.
Assia Georgieva: Thank you, Richard, for the clarification, again. Great job on Q1.
Richard Fain: Thanks, Assia.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian of Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: Hi. Good morning. Just want to follow up on that yield and discounting commentary. I know last year you talked pretty regularly about how eliminating these last minute discounts was a headwind and just judging by the close-in strength you're seeing right now, it looks like it's a nice tailwind here in 2016. So can you quantify how much of your yield guidance for the remainder of the year is attributable to any of these tailwinds? And I am specifically trying to think about this in the context of 2017. Is there any reason why the yields we're seeing this year can't be repeated again next year? Anything you can share on early 2017 booking yields will be helpful. Thanks, guys.
Richard Fain: Okay. So, Jared, as it relates to 2017 we'll be addressing that as we move into future quarters because it's really kind of too early to provide any kind of forecast on things going forward. But I would say that, the impact we talk about as it relates to price improvement program, those are, to us, quantifiable things. For example, number of cabins that go empty. What's not quantifiable is really us continuing to build a better book of business, at higher load factors, higher rates, and a window that keeps extending. And so, in that are more quality bookings and some of that is because of the reconditioning of the consumer knowing that we're not going to be discounting close in. Those benefits are very difficult to measure. But we do think on a volume perspective that that kind of turns itself around into next year. And as we've always done in the past, we'll give color on 2017 as we move more towards the back half of the year.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. Thanks. And then, as a follow-up, what are your expectations for timing on Cuba? Caribbean, obviously has been very strong this past fourth and first quarter. And I think some people are wondering how you can drive incremental yield off some of these comps. So do you think Cuba could be that source of incremental yield growth as we head into 1Q 2017 or is it too soon to be talking about it?
Adam Goldstein: Hi. Sorry. Jared, it's Adam. So, we have a keen desire, I think Michael might have expressed this before too, to take our guest to Cuba. Obviously, if you think about what we've been doing since 1970, our ships keep cruising on a giant circle around Cuba without going there. And we're excited about it, but this is the dialogue that continues with the Cuban government and the timing of permission to go is unclear, although we're optimistic. And so it's hard to predict when any involvement in Cuba would have become part of our business. And as we've tried to express on previous dialogues, the Cuba's infrastructure is very, very limited in terms of the overall amounts of capacity that it can take. If it develops well over the years coming, eventually it probably can become one of the mainstay marquee Caribbean regions but that's a long way off. So we hope to be there in the short term, but it would be on a fairly limited presence.
Richard Fain: Yeah. And I think we've made it pretty clear that we don't think even when it is operational it will be a major part of our business. So I wouldn't have thought that per se looked at in isolation would be a driver. However, I think two things. It actually will help generally yields in the area because I think it does raise interest. The publicity about Cuba, the discussions about Cuba raises interest in Caribbean cruising. The other thing is I wanted to spell any notion that we think that the yield improvement that we are getting today is particularly high. We've got some terrific new vessels; we've got really very strong market position of our brands, of our operations. So we need the big driver and we think it will continue. It has been a driver and we think will be a driver is actually how powerful our brands are doing in the marketplace.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Operator, we have time for one question.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman of Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my call. So just – and you may have already answered this but I wanted to be 100% clear on sort of the China dynamic. Obviously, yields for China itself are down versus last year but Chinese yields are significantly higher than your average. Net-net, is China helping your yields this year and as I think about next year I know you're not going to get into 2017 guidance but should we expect a similar impact to overall yields next year? I think there is some fear among investors that there is a delayed impact based on the way that the charter process works and that we still haven't felt all of the fallout from some of the charters losing money on some of the cruises last year?
Michael Bayley: Hi, James, this is Michael. Yeah, I think some of the charters lost money for a period of time in 2015 because of the South Korea MERS and the typhoons. But sometimes I think we should get that those very same charters made a lot of money over the past eight years and continue to make money and they are chartering spaces they previously had done. So I think it was a glitch that impacted some of the charters during that period and I think a lot of them now have recovered from that. Certainly the China business is very positive for our overall business and as I think we've already commented, it's a high-yielding market and it contributes nicely to our overall yield. It's above average. So when we look into 2017, for example I think Richard had mentioned that growth for the industry in 2017 is closer to 50% versus close to 100% over the past few years. So capacity is slightly – overall growth is slowing a little bit in 2017. For Royal Caribbean International, we've already announced our deployment for 2017 and overall I think we are up about 8% or 9% in the market in 2017.
James Hardiman: Great. And then just last question for me, on the other income line there's a lot of moving parts there. I think if you add back the Pullmantur accounting. It was about a $20 million positive. Any way you could give us guidance on that line for the full year and maybe how to think about the puts and the takes there?
Jason Liberty: Yeah. Well, I think that if you were to take our yield and cost, the differential is the other income line and the element of the other income line that really changes outside of ineffectiveness and those type of things is the improvement in our equity investments. So, I think, if you look at the year-over-year growth especially in the back half of the year before we disclosed in our filing for TUI that is a good proxy to think about how other income and expense will grow for the back half of the year because if you take an account interest, you take into account TUI that should get you pretty close.
Jason Liberty: Great. Thank you for your assistance, Laurie, with the call today and we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Carol will be available for any follow-up you might have today and I wish you all a very great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer Richard D. Fain - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Michael W. Bayley - President & Chief Executive Officer, Royal Caribbean International
Analysts: Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc Steven Eric Kent - Goldman Sachs & Co. Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited 2015 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jason Liberty, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and Chief operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Carol Cabezas, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which have been posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filing and other disclosures. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Unless I state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency adjusted basis. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow with a recap of our fourth quarter and full year results. I will then provide an update on the current booking environment, and will end with full-year and first quarter guidance for 2016. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. As you may have heard from Jason's voice, he has a cold this morning. So I'll use this opportunity to wish him a speedy recovery and ask him to sit on the other side of the room. In any event, I'm pleased to have this opportunity to share more about our results in 2015 and our outlook as we enter 2016. I admit that it's very satisfying to look back on 2015 and I'd like to take just a moment to celebrate a successful year. On the revenue side, we achieved our target of 3.5% yield improvement despite macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges that threatened to take us off course. I've said it before, and it still holds true, that while many factors may cause disturbances for short periods, our team has shown a very strong capability to make adjustments when circumstances change. On the cost side, our team worked very hard to control this and we ended the year down 0.6%. We began the year expecting costs to be up 1% or less, but our finance organization and our operations team worked collaboratively to find further efficiencies and husband our working dollars. Looking at the full picture, we anticipated doubling our 2013 earnings per share and we exceeded that target by $0.03 a share at $4.83. The brands are delivering and I congratulate all the employees in our company who worked so hard to make this happen. It's equally gratifying to note that along with the financial success that we are enjoying, our surveys indicate that the highest levels of employee engagement in our company's history. Our annual survey had record participation levels and indicated higher satisfaction across all categories. We firmly believe that happy employees lead to happy guests, and that in turn leads to better yields. This past year, we took a significant step forward on this front by establishing hospitality training schools like the one in Tianjin, China. This school teaches the art and the science of hospitality. That's an exciting challenge when most of the students have never themselves stayed in a hotel. The development of this school marks another important step in further deepening our roots with the local community in Mainland China, as it is a strategic partnership with the state-owned Tianjin Maritime College. In July, we opened a second training school in Lombok, Indonesia. And in May of 2016, we will open further a school in Pasay (05:00), Philippines. Not only will these schools provide a stream of over 5,000 high-quality employees each year, they provide these individuals the opportunity to join an international brand, traveling all over the world, and improving their community. We also took a big step forward in our efforts to ensure the long-term health of the oceans by entering into a five-year global partnership with World Wildlife Fund. Our business depends on the health of the oceans, and we feel a responsibility to uphold the highest standards of environmental stewardship. Our partnership with WWF takes our efforts even further by setting specific and measurable targets for carbon emissions, sustainable seafood, and destination stewardship. We're serious about looking at our environment and our communities, and I'm very pleased to join with a partner equally passionate about these causes. Turning to another topic, which we feel passionate about, Double-Double remains the lens through which we view all our decision-making at Royal Caribbean. Every employee can describe the program, double 2014 earnings per share and double-digit ROIC by 2017. As we look at our trajectory, 2015 paved the way nicely, and the results we were anticipating during 2016 will keep us solidly on our path towards Double-Double. The two key components of Double-Double to achieving our goals are growing revenue yields and maintaining cost discipline. From a yields standpoint, our new buildings are attracting and maintaining strong pricing premiums. Quantum of the Seas in Shanghai is head-and-shoulders above the market, and the innovative amenities that distinguish Quantum are the exact same ones that will make Ovation of the Seas in Tianjin unique in that new market for her. Finally, after five years, we're welcoming the third vessel in our Oasis class, Harmony of the Seas. We've seen the power of the Oasis class and the longevity of its popularity. Early indications are that Harmony will not disappoint either. In addition to our new builds' outstanding performance, our existing fleet provides returns consistent with our needs for Double-Double. At the same time, we're continually learning ways to enhance onboard revenue and apply these learnings to the existing fleet to continue to grow revenue yields there as well. From a cost standpoint, our commitment to cost control remains steadfast. It's an extraordinary coincidence that in both of the past two years, net cruise costs excluding fuel ended up down 0.6%. This cost control does not come easy, but we intend to continue to be disciplined, in line with our Double-Double targets, but also keeping firmly in mind the strategic needs of the company for the ensuing period. While I'm pleased to look back on the success of 2015, I'm eager to move on to 2016 and the great things to come. Our metrics indicate that we are still on course for Double-Double targets. We remain in the solid book position, roughly equal to last year's record levels and at higher rates. We're currently in the middle of our WAVE Period, as I think you all know, and we're happy to report this is proving to be a solid WAVE. As we have seen, geopolitical concerns can also threat the demand environment from time to time. These threats are generally limited to pockets of our portfolio and we, generally, manage through them. It is important to note that when demand in one area of the globe is weaker, many times there is an increase in demand for other destinations. Our intent is to maximize the overall portfolio, and we see that as one of the benefits of being a global player. Although the current strength of the overall market is a key driver, we attribute part of our favorable book position to our price integrity policy. As a reminder, our price integrity policy is our determination to avoid the common prior practice of implementing dramatic last-minute discounts, which cheapen our brand and upset our loyal customers. The policy says that we will not implement any new discounts during the last weeks before sailing, with the time period varying by the length of the cruise. We first started this policy about a year ago and we made a number of tweaks to it as we've perfected our formula. In December, we decided to make the policy even clearer and broader. It continues to apply in the U.S., Canada, the UK and Ireland. All together, by the way, those represent more than two-thirds of our revenue. But we did decide that having different rules for different itinerary lengths was possibly confusing and definitely unnecessary. We have, therefore, expanded the policy to make the no new discount period consistently 30 days regardless of itinerary. The only exception continues to be three or four night sailings, which are traditionally late bookers. All of this makes the policy easier to understand and to implement. We are a strong believer that clarity and specificity in a program like this is important because, otherwise, the exceptions undermine the integrity of the program even if they are in fact very rare. We now think we've got it right and we do not expect more changes in the near future. At this time we've had our policy in place for almost a year and we have a better view of the results. During this time, we have granted no exceptions to the policy since its adoption, and we have no intention of doing so now. Nevertheless, we've seen a double-digit percentage improvement in the booking window over this period and we believe that the policy helps solidify brand preference. An unforeseen benefit we have found is the reduced number of bookings taken at a discount before we get to the focus period. Living the spirit of the policy has helped our revenue managers make better pricing decisions, and it has been roundly applauded by the travel agents that are so central to our success. When we introduced the policy, we were transparent with you all that an upfront cost would result from some cabins going empty rather than being filled at deep last-minute discounts. We know that in 2016 we will still see some residual impact relating to these empty cabins. But by 2017, we feel comfortable that the impact will be positive. One last point I would like to touch on before turning it back to Jason is our share repurchase program. As you will recall, we announced a repurchase program during our call last October. That full program totals $500 million. Of the total, $200 million was part of an accelerated repurchase program, which we have completed. We expect to continue to purchase opportunistically throughout the year 2016 until the full $500 million is completed. With that, it's a pleasure to turn it back to Jason.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Richard. I will begin by taking you through our results for the fourth quarter. We have summarized our fourth quarter results on slide two. For the quarter, we generated adjusted net income of $0.94 per share, which was $0.04 above our guidance. Net revenue yields were up 4.9%, which was at the high end of our expectations. A combination of new hardware, a stronger Caribbean and a successful new winter season in China helped drive the robust year-over-year improvement. Costs were 70 basis points better than guidance for the quarter, with net cruise costs excluding fuel down 4.7%. I will now discuss full year results, which we have summarized on slide three. This year, we had record earnings and exceeded the $1 billion mark. Adjusted net income was $1.07 billion, resulting in adjusted earnings per share of $4.83. These record earnings also mark a second consecutive year of 40-plus-% growth in earnings. Revenue yields increased 3.5% for the full year. Yield improvements in the Caribbean, Europe and China more than offset weakness in Latin America. Onboard revenue yield did not disappoint with a year-over-year improvement of 4%. The combination of new hardware, more onboard revenue venues on our upgraded ships and VOOM, the fastest Internet at sea, drove the majority of this improvement. We delivered a second consecutive year of cost improvement on a per-unit basis with net cruise costs excluding fuel down 0.6%. These cost improvements occurred in non-guest facing areas, mainly through identifying further synergies amongst our brands and leveraging scale in our back-office. Now, I'd like to update you on what we are seeing in the demand environment. I will start by taking you through first quarter trends. 63% of Q1 capacity is in the Caribbean, 23% is in the Asia Pacific region and approximately 11% is in Brazil and Latin America. The quarter as a whole is booked ahead of last year in both load factor and rate. Overall, we are seeing strong yield trends in Q1, driven by a significant year-over-year improvement in Caribbean pricing and the addition of the winter China season. The strength of these two products is more than offsetting ongoing pricing pressures in Latin America and Australia. The WAVE Period is off to a good start, with bookings for Q2 through Q4 sailings trending similarly to last year's level. As we entered WAVE, we have significantly fewer staterooms left to sell on first quarter sailings than last year. So as expected, bookings for the first quarter have been lower than last year. For the full year, we are booked at a similar load factor to last year's record high and at a higher APD. Capacity is increasing 6.3% year-over-year as we welcome Harmony of the Seas and Ovation of the Seas into the fleet this spring. The majority of our capacity growth is in the Asia Pacific region, with the balance mostly in the Caribbean. Caribbean capacity will be up about 4% year-over-year as the product benefits from an upgrade in hardware. In addition to Anthem of the Seas in the Northeast, we will have at least two Oasis-class ships in the Caribbean in each quarter. We are also moderately increasing capacity in Europe, driven by a handful of sailings on Ovation of the Seas before she begins her journey to China. Once she arrives in China, Ovation will contribute to our 33% capacity growth in the Asia Pacific region. On the other hand, we have significantly scaled back our capacity in Brazil and Latin America. While these products will account for approximately 11% of our capacity in the first quarter, they will be reduced to less than 2% for the remainder of the year. We are seeing particular strength from the North American consumer, and our Caribbean and Alaska products are currently at record load factors. The Caribbean accounts for 43% of our 2016 capacity and is booked ahead of same time last year in both load factor and rate. Our Caribbean product consists of a wide variety of itineraries, ranging from weekend getaways to 14-night Southern Caribbean sailings. In general, we are seeing better trends than last year across Caribbean itineraries with seven-night and shorter sailings showing the most strength. Overall, we are expecting mid-single digit yield growth for the Caribbean. Alaska is booked nicely ahead of last year in both rate and volume despite a 6% year-over-year increase in capacity. We anticipate mid-single digit yield growth in what is expected to be a record-breaking year for the product. Europe itineraries account for about 21% of our 2016 capacity. Although book load factors for their product is slightly lower than same time last year's record levels, recent trends have been quite strong and load factor remains nicely higher than at this point in all other previous years. We did experience a softening in North American demand for a short period after the Paris attacks in November, and there was a minor drop in bookings from European-sourced markets. Demand quickly returned to typical levels, although pricing remains below same time last year for Eastern Mediterranean sailings. Prices for like hardware for the rest of Europe are up slightly versus same time last year. Overall, we are expecting a low-single digit yield decline for our European itineraries, primarily driven by hardware changes and pricing pressure and itinerary modifications that relate to the Eastern Mediterranean. Asia Pacific itineraries will account for 19% of our 2016 capacity, following significant growth in both Australia and China. Yields for the Asia Pacific product as a whole are expected to be up low-single digits, driven mainly by our increasing capacity in the high-yielding China market. For the first time, we will offer a year-round China product, as Quantum of the Seas makes Shanghai her home for the full year. Her sister ship, Ovation of the Seas, will drive the remainder of our China capacity growth after she arrives in Tianjin at the end of June. Significant industry capacity growth, combined with the expansion of the season into off-peak periods and second-tier embarkation ports, has led us to forecast a low-single digit yield decline for China in 2016. Nevertheless, China is expected to remain one of our highest yielding itineraries and is contributing to the company's overall yield growth. The pricing environment in Australia remains a bit of a challenge, given ongoing capacity growth in the region and the weakening of the Australian dollar. While Australia continues to deliver a strong seasonal yield, we expect yields in Australia to be flat to slightly down for the year. Before getting into our 2016 guidance, I wanted to reiterate some of our previous comments we made during our last earnings call that relate to Pullmantur. As a result of our rightsizing efforts, we expect to incur restructuring and related costs in the range of $0.05 to $0.10 per share during 2016. Additionally, as previously discussed, we intend on eliminating Pullmantur's two-month accounting lag during the first quarter of 2016. This change will result in a 14-month reporting period for Pullmantur this year, with an estimated impact to our earnings per share by $0.10. For simplification and comparative purposes, we will be excluding all of these one-time adjustments from our key statistics. Hence, our GAAP earnings in 2016 will be slightly lower for these adjustments. Taking all this into account, if you turn to slide four, you will see our guidance for 2016. This will be the second full year on our path towards Double-Double and our results remain on track. Net yields are expected to be up for the seventh consecutive year, with yield increasing 2% to 4%. Strong trends from North American products, additional capacity in the Asia Pacific region, and another year of strong onboard revenue are expected to drive this improvement. On the onboard side, new hardware and upgrades to our existing ships, a greater mix of capacity in Asia, and further expansion of VOOM is expected to deliver another step change in shipboard revenue yield. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be up 1% or less for the full year. While the full year demonstrates our cost discipline, the cadence of expenses through the year is not linear. For example, our drydocks in 2016 are concentrated in the first quarter and fourth quarter. In addition, you will recall that in the second quarter of last year we made investments in the China market to support Quantum of the Seas. This year, these investments are being made slightly earlier to support our year-round China presence, Ovation of the Seas' arrival, and to grow our Asian market footprint. This is resulting in a shift in spend into the first quarter. We anticipate fuel expense of $716 million for the year and we are 66% hedged. Over the past several months, fuel prices have significantly weakened, while the U.S. dollar has continued to strengthen versus our basket of currencies. The combination of these two factors has resulted in a $0.14 per share headwind to 2016 (00:23:19) earnings. Additionally, the recent rise in interest rates has impacted our 2016 earnings by $0.06 per share. Based on current fuel prices, currency exchange rates and interest rates, we expect another record-breaking year with earnings per share between $5.90 and $6.10 per share. The midpoint of this guidance represents a year-over-year increase of 24%, which comes on the heels of more than 40% growth delivered in each of the past two years. Now, I would like to walk you through our first quarter guidance on slide five. Net yields are expected to be up approximately 4% for the first quarter, driven by a strong Caribbean and the continuation of the winter season for Quantum in China. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be up in the range of 4.5% to 5% driven by a combination of factors. We are setting the groundwork for two new ship entries later this year, while also maximizing the momentum of new marketing campaigns for our two largest brands during WAVE. Additionally, we will be investing earlier this year in Asia as we look to continue to expand our leadership position in the market and diversify our channel mix. As I mentioned earlier, much of this spend has been concentrated in the first quarter due to timing. Taking all this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the quarter to be approximately $0.30. With that, I will ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Your first question comes from Tim Conder of Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you, everyone. A couple of questions here. One, could you give us a little bit more color on the bookings and pricing, specifically the cadence over the last 120 days, say, from Canada and China? And then anything on that related to the Zika virus, have you seen that show up in any way in the recent bookings over the last couple of weeks? And then finally, could you just review the no discounting policy? Richard, you mentioned that that was streamlined to nothing within 30 days. Was it tiered before? Was there like a 10-day, 30-day, 60-day, if you could just review what it was and to now streamlined into the 30 days? Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Tim. So as it relates to bookings over the past 120 days, they basically have had a similar cadence to last year. Now, obviously, markets like China that are later in the booking cycle can influence that. So if you look at what the cadence has been for North America and Europe, it's been slightly higher versus same time last year. So our book position would be slightly better if you were to account for the mix shift change in China. As it relates to Canada, there's nothing I would say that's specific that we've seen that is different from those trends. And again, as it relates to China, it's coming in as we would expect it to.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And pricing, Jason, on those bookings, similar, holding in there pretty well or any things you noticed are higher?
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Well, on the Canada side, I would just take our commentary as it relates to the Caribbean. We are in a very good book position. We are in a very good price position as it relates to the North American consumer. In China, obviously, we're guiding for our yields to be slightly down. A lot of that again is driven by us further expanding into the other seasons and also expanding into secondary markets and ports.
Michael W. Bayley - President & Chief Executive Officer, Royal Caribbean International: Hi, Tim. It's Michael. With regards to the question on Zika, to date we've really seen no impact whatsoever. It's been really immaterial. I mean, obviously, it's all over the media and we see it. But to date, we haven't had any material impact.
Richard D. Fain - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And Tim, on the question of the discounting policy, the previous policy had, depending on the length of the cruise, we had different periods. So in some cases, we said there'd be no discounting within the last 10 days, in some last 20, some last 30 and some the last 40. And people weren't sure which applied to which and we thought it was easier both from the public's point of view, but also a key driver of this is from our own revenue managers' point of view. And so it's important that we have a clear policy that everybody understood and could follow. And we decided to expand it to 30 days across the board except for the three nights and four nights.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, very helpful. And one more clarification there on the cadence over the last 120 days. Just on the pricing, the cadence, given your booked position in that, have you seen that pricing in China in particular, trends in the last 120 days, has that improved, remained stable? There's just been some mixed messages, I think, out there in the market a little bit.
Michael W. Bayley - President & Chief Executive Officer, Royal Caribbean International: Yeah. Hi, Tim, it's Michael. Yeah, I think China 2016 is a different kind of configuration from China 2015 because, as Jason had mentioned, we've got a deeper push into the secondary ports with one of our ships with broader seasons and we've got more capacity in Q1 and Q4. So it's a different kind of configuration. And our inventory is being released in a slightly different way in 2016 than 2015. I think as Jason had mentioned, we're feeling that our bookings are coming in as expected.
Richard D. Fain - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Tim, let me just add one thing, I know you know this, but for some of the others. When we talk about the broader season, Quantum of the Seas was unusual in, for the first time we were doing year-round in China. Previously, we've only been there seasonally. So what we've decided was it was a year-round opportunity. And while we don't get as much in the winter in China as we get in the summer in China like any other market, we do well in the winter. But when you average it in, it brings down the average. But as it relates to overall, China actually is helping us in our improvement in 2016.
Tim A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Gentlemen, thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I did have a question on China, so while we're on that topic, let's stick there. So we have strong demands, we have a little bit of a different cadence this year because you're in the first quarter and fourth quarter, which is seasonally priced. You're also in – have a different mix, which you just mentioned, but overall, demand is strong and you guys said that yields are up low-single digits driven by China, so that's all good. What I was hoping you could clarify is that we get a lot of questions just about the charter companies, the charter agents and the status there. I think the view is that some of the charter agents are losing money on the China cruises in general. I was just wondering whether or not that's actually true. And if there are issues, what is Royal Caribbean doing, if anything, to fix that? And then, also, I'm just wondering if you're seeing any differences in how different Chinese brands are performing there versus your brand. In other words, how are you differentiated? You did mention that you guys performed better than everyone else in the market? Thanks.
Michael W. Bayley - President & Chief Executive Officer, Royal Caribbean International: Hi, Felicia. Just to correct one point, yields are slightly down in China this year 2016 versus 2015 based upon all of the different elements that we just talked about. With regards to charter companies, it's quite a mix in relation to our total distribution. But over time, obviously, we've been changing the mix of our distribution and we continue that journey. So literally every single year we're doubling the number of agents who are selling Royal Caribbean in the China market. And of course, we're broadening our regional footprint especially now with the introduction of Ovation in Tianjin. So it's true that some of the charter companies really out of Shanghai had some challenges in 2015 in relation to MERS in Korea and, of course, the typhoon season which was particularly difficult. And so some of the charters did experience some losses during some of the sailings. But having said that, they did particularly well the rest of the year with Royal Caribbean and have done well with Royal Caribbean over the past nine years that we've been in the market. So there was a bit of a hiccup. And of course we, as we are in the United States, we're long-term partners with our travel partners. So we've worked hard at finding some workarounds with them in terms of our 2016 inventory and how we've worked with them in terms of our cooperative marketing and this type of thing. So we feel that we've been very responsive to some of the feedback that we've had from some of these charters, and we think we're in a fairly good position for 2016. With regards to the differentiation of the brands, that's I think a highly relevant question. When you look at Royal Caribbean against the competition, we have been in the market now for nine years and we've been investing over a nine-year period in the market. We have the newest hardware in the key ports. Quantum of the Seas genuinely has been a huge hit out of Shanghai. Ovation coming in to Tianjin is doing very well. We have eight consecutive years of being the top cruise line in China awarded by the Travel Trade Gazette and the Travel Weekly. We have been focused on launching consumer campaigns and, in fact, we're launching a new campaign literally in the coming weeks. We've been working on expanding our distribution footprint. And of course, we are the largest single cruise brand in China with a really professional and competent sales organization and marketing team who really have been with us for quite some time. So I think the spread between Royal Caribbean International and the competing brands in the market is quite significant. And a lot of that is driven by the hardware. Quantum and Ovation are world-class leading hardware and they're the only brand new ships in the China market.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you for that and you did not deserve the demotion that Jason gave you earlier in the call.
Michael W. Bayley - President & Chief Executive Officer, Royal Caribbean International: I'll be speaking to him shortly.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: And of course, I did correct myself immediately.
Michael W. Bayley - President & Chief Executive Officer, Royal Caribbean International: A little too late.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: You did.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: A little too late, yeah, yeah.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, Jason, thank you for the cadence of the costs in the quarter. That was one of my questions. But to add on to that, if you look at how your costs trended in 2015 versus your original guidance for the full year, they came in better than expected, or lower than expected. So I was wondering what drove that? And do you think you can achieve a similar result in 2016?
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think that there's – the first thing I want to start off as it relates to 2015 is this is really a corporate enterprise-wide effort on trying to identify cost improvements. And so as I've said in the past, it's not one thing, it's thousands of little things that we do. The leadership, for example, Adam has given around supply chain and that team, the consolidation of our marine organization, and finding more efficiencies in our back-office is really what we just do day-to-day when we use the lens of Double-Double. And so that is ongoing and continuing. There are a lot of headwinds in costs in 2016. Obviously, as we expand our mix into Asia, the cost of operating there is higher. There are some more upfront costs on the sales and marketing side as we're delivering two new ships this year. And also having VOOM, the fastest Internet bandwidth at sea also has a high cost to it. So there are a lot of headwinds, but our efforts to try to continue to identify opportunities is never ending. But I think we think the 1% or less guidance is really our best view based off of all our plans that we have to-date to manage cost effectively in 2016.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
Richard D. Fain - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Felicia, I'll just add something. I do think that Jason's focus on this is very helpful, but all of our leaders here, Adam, Lisa, Michael, the others are really very focused on it. I'd also just maybe take the opportunity to talk a little bit about the timing of it during the year. You know I've said this in previous calls; we manage on an annual basis. And one thing that's a little unique about our business that, I think, distinguishes us from many others is that we have some significant big costs that we can shift around in terms of timing. So we would look at a booking pattern to say whether we ought to drydock a ship in March or April or September or October or what have you. And when we make those decisions, we simply don't pay attention internally to whether that falls in this quarter or that quarter. But those kinds of, what we think of as, immaterial tweaking to get the best outcome, particularly as it relates, for example, if I take a drydocking, we might find that for whatever reason we were just booking better at the end of September than early October, and we would just decide to shift the drydock from one quarter into another. From an operating point of view, they're immaterial. And those kinds of changes can actually help us in bringing our overall cost number down. But I fully recognize that, as it relates to individual quarters, they will distort the numbers. And unfortunately, that's simply a fact of life, and we think our best strategy is to continue to focus on the year. We want to – if it's cheaper for us to do it in March than April, we'll do it in March rather than April, and the Double-Double. And the Double-Double has really been very helpful. You talked about our cost containment over the last number of years now. The Double-Double is actually a very helpful concept that everybody can focus on and move towards that common goal. So I think that's why we've had the results that we've had. But I do acknowledge it does relate to bumps in any given quarter or period.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks for that color. Jason, for some glitch reason, I can't see the slides. So if this is on the slides, I just was wondering if you could walk us through the bucket of currencies. What are the weightings for the second quarter and the full year?
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: We will have, in our filing, that breakdown. But I know for the full year, our two largest exposures will be in the pound, in the yuan, then Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, and then the euro. That will be the cadence for the year. And then, obviously, there are some changes and they're based off of the sourcing or the deployment during the course of the year. So for example, there is more exposure to the Southern Hemisphere markets like Brazil and Australia in the wintertime, and in the summertime you're more exposed to Europe. So you have more pound, euro as well as yuan because it's more of a peak period for the Chinese consumer.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks. Are you going to give the weightings or just the order?
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: I'm just going to give you the order.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great, thanks.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. So going back to China real quick, I have a two-part question. I guess first, and Jason, you've said this before I guess, when you say yields will be down in 2016, can you break that yield factor down for us? Meaning how much is ticket price versus onboard? And what I'm trying to get is, is that onboard spend holding up? And then second, Jason, you've always talked about the profitability on a per-customer basis in China and how much stronger that is versus other markets. Is that profitability on a customer basis still holding up despite the ticket prices coming back in?
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Steve. So as it relates to our yields being slightly down in 2016, the weighting is more concentrated on the mix of these secondary markets and the seasonality. And then there is some pressure, as Michael talked about, on just general ticket. And obviously, when you have ships like Ovation come in, that also helps balance out some of the pressures we have on some of our older assets that are in that market, really non-Quantum-class assets. The mix between ticket and onboard is actually pretty similar. It would index a little bit higher on the onboard side because you have Quantum coming into the market. Now, the point on profitability of the Chinese guest, it is still very much there. China is one of our highest yielding markets. The product is one of our highest yielding products. It is a little bit more expensive to operate, but also we get higher yields for those products. So it is very much contributing to our yields and it's very much contributing to our profits and our margins and our business, which is why our outlook continues to be very favorable for the Chinese market.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, got you. And then second question on your buyback. I know you have $300 million left at this point. I mean, the stock is obviously under some decent pressure here today. And it's basically, if you look at your $7 suggested EPS number for next year, you're trading at, basically, sub 10 times earnings at this point. So I guess my question is probably for Richard. I mean, that $300 million is only call it 2% of your shares outstanding. How receptive will the board be when you go back to them and say, hey, we potentially need more than the $500 million that was originally out there?
Richard D. Fain - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we made the decision certainly without seeing or expecting this kind of a reaction here. And as I said, I think the board and the management felt very good about the trajectory we're on. And nothing has changed in our view as to what our actual – the word that I keep hearing used is cadence, but I would say the pattern of our earnings growth over the next couple of years. So our view on the business is very constant. I think I'm always a little cautious to speak on behalf of the board on something like this because this is the sort of thing that everybody looks at. But we did see that it was appropriate to do a share buyback. We also will temper our enthusiasm as it relates to the shares because it is our intention to become an investment-grade company, and I think we would take that as a consideration factor as well. So I certainly don't think there's been any negative change in their general view, but I don't think the board would tend to be knee-jerk on particularly a short-term change in the share price.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harry Curtis of Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Just on that last point, the short-term reactions to the stock prices do provide the board an opportunity to get more aggressive. Can you give us a sense of, if you do hit your earnings targets, your EBITDA targets, what your leverage ratio is going to be at the end of the year? And how much room does that give you to perhaps use your balance sheet a bit more aggressively, because this share price at 10 times earnings, those are typically really, really good opportunities to invest in your stock?
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So Harry, I'll just comment on kind of where we see ourselves on a ratio perspective and then I'll let Richard comment on more in terms of how we interact on the board side.
Richard D. Fain - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's really kind of you, Jason.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: My pleasure, my pleasure. But I think we see ourselves based off of the guidance that we've been given that we'll be at or slightly below our targets by the end of 2016. Now, the timing of when the rating agencies decide to provide us that rating is not only subject to the metric, but also subject to how we as a corporation are behaving and are we behaving like an investment-grade credit. So as Richard said, as we look at do we do more or less, a lot of that comes into keeping the balance of our growth, the balance of returning capital to shareholders and also becoming an investment-grade credit. And those will be key things that are always evaluated when we determine how much we will buy back or how much the program will be that we announce.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: I guess (00:47:47). Go ahead.
Richard D. Fain - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead, Harry.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Well, where I'm going with this is that there's the leverage ratio, there is also the interest coverage ratio which is probably by the end of this year going to be somewhere 8.5 times and 9 times given the low cost of your debt. And so I just want to point out that there are opportunities for companies to be really opportunistic. And it would seem that if you can do $7 a share next year that this is one of those opportunities.
Richard D. Fain - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And I think as you've made clear in sort of this back and forth, there are a lot of things that go into that equation. I'm going to be very cautious not to preempt the board on something that a board rightfully focuses on carefully. But I think those are the things. It's the opportunity when there is what appears to be a downturn in the share price. On the other hand, there is the need to make sure that we have the appropriate capital for our new building program. And this is, of course, a capital-intensive business. And we also do want to get to investment grade. So the board will have to balance those things. But obviously what's happening in the market will be something that we will be looking at very closely.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. I'll get off the soapbox and ask an operating question then. Going back to China, Jason, if you look at your pricing like-for-like, your pricing in China is being dragged down just by the timing of the introduction of your ships. Is it fair or is it relevant to try and look at pricing on a like period for like period, particularly for example with the Quantum?
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: First off, we really try to have a general conversation about the region versus the market itself. And the reason for that is because China has to work with also the winter season, which means Australia and Southeast Asia need to work. So it is and it continues to contribute to the overall yield of the region. Quantum continues to perform as we expected and perform well. There has been a little bit of like-for-like pressure on the older tonnage that we have up in that marketplace. But the Quantum-class ships continue to demand a premium to the relative pricing that's in the marketplace. I also think it's important to point out – I know there's been a lot of concern about what's happening in the China marketplace with the consumer. And I think the patterns that we're seeing with the Chinese consumer continue to show that they have a strong sentiment and a very strong desire for cruise. And a lot of the pressure on pricing just has to do with a lot of capacity coming in, more seasonality in terms of the China offering, and us going into other markets, which we've talked about before.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: And then my last question just has to do with, suppose the value of the renminbi continues to slide, would that, in your experience, lead to perhaps increased demand for cruises considering that you price your cruises in renminbi?
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think that certainly we can get into an economic conversation. I think it could obviously create more demand for some of their exported products and that could potentially improve their wallet in which they could spend more on the cruise side. Again, I think the sentiment in China is quite good. And I think that their demand, especially for our products, have continued to march at the cadence that we had expected.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. That does it for me. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Rollo of Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc: Yes. Thank you. A couple of questions please. First, sticking with China, roughly what was the average revenue yield premium you generated last year versus the rest of the group? And then the other question, looking at your customer deposits of $1.7 billion at the end of the year, they were actually slightly lower than a year ago, and yet you're book position is similar, you've got higher prices, you've got more capacity. I was wondering whether that's a currency impact or was that (00:52:57) if that's China or something else is causing that. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Jamie. On the China premium side, it's not something that we talk publicly about in terms of the specific number. Obviously, we're happy with the margins and the yields we get in that market as we add more capacity in. So you could follow where the investment is going. And then on the deposit side, it's a combination of a few things. Some of that is currency related. Some of that also, as we expand our mix into China, the cadence of deposits are much closer or their payment is much closer to the time of the sailing, because it's a late booking market than it is for other markets, so that skews it a little bit. And also, there's different promotional activity we do where you might put a little bit less of a deposit down and that's really what kind of drives that differential in the customer deposit line on the balance sheet.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc: Just on the yield premium, on the older three ships you've got there, are those considered a premium to the rest of the group even after the pricing pressure, or is it all Quantum driving that?
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: No. In terms of the premium it gets, especially relative to its class and to the average, it's a very nice premium. And also, those ships have lower asset bases, so the margins we get on them are quite good.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc: And just on the TUI JV income, looks like it was down year-on-year in Q4. I know there were other items in that bucket, but what did that line do, please?
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: No. There are many other items in that bucket. There are other equity pick-ups. The TUI JV actually did exactly what we expected it to do. It was up quite a bit year-over-year. Also in that line item is our other joint venture, which is really in its first year, which is SkySea which had some losses mainly just due to it being its first year of operation.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc: Thank you very much.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kent of Goldman Sachs.
Steven Eric Kent - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Richard D. Fain - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Hi. Good morning, Steve.
Steven Eric Kent - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Sorry. Just was wondering who you compare yourself to, because to only have your net cruise cost ex-fuel up 0.5% relative to really any other industry or really any other stock we have under coverage seems pretty good, and it's actually slightly below CCL's cost guidance. So on these cost headwinds – seem – I mean, you've spent a lot of time on them. I just want to understand whether there's a reason for that and why there's so much focus on it. And then separately, is your compensation linked to achieving those cost guidance forecasts? And then one other thing; for FX, the spread between your 2016 constant net yield and current net yield guidance of 200 basis points was bigger than what we were expecting. Can you just give us a little bit more color on that FX breakdown?
Richard D. Fain - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Steven, thank you for those comments. Thank you particularly for the first comment. Yes, we think the cost performance has been excellent for a number of years now and we're quite proud of the work. And I think the fact that it comes – then at the same time that our level of guest satisfaction goes up is an important feature for us because I think it's actually relatively easy to cut costs if you don't care about the product that you deliver to your guest. But we have been raising guest satisfaction while we've been cutting cost. And as you say, this level of cost discipline is actually quite good. There are a couple of things. One we'll take credit for, which is that I think the management has done a really very good job of looking for new ways of doing things, new efficiencies, et cetera. The other is, and we did telegraph this when we were doing it, which is that we spent money which we thought would result in savings later on. And we talked about some of those things. We talked about the IT spending. We talked about some of the other stuff that we were doing. And so I think that also helps us a little bit by comparison. But we're not resting on our laurels on that. We think there is more to be done, continual efficiencies, because even the guidance we've given which now is for 2016 up marginally, obviously the inflation in the areas that we're looking at is higher than that. The answer to your second question was the compensation, yes, our compensation is – all the management team's compensation has in it a number of factors, one of which is specifically net cruise costs excluding fuel. But on the other hand, another one of which is net revenue yield. Another one is safety and environment. So we're trying to make sure that we're meeting our cost goals, our revenue goals, but also not doing things that put us at risk. This is a long-term business and we've worked hard to put Royal Caribbean in a position where it is solid on, if you will, the triple bottom line as well as just the earnings per share. I'm going to let Jason handle the last of those questions.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Steve. So obviously, the headwinds of currency have continued, especially our hedge position on fuel outpace the benefits we've been receiving from our fuel. You just look at it year-over-year, our basket of currencies is down 10% year-over-year, and that's really what's driving that differential between the as-reported and the constant currency. And some of the currencies, for example, the yuan, which had very little volatility, has become more volatile more recently as it's been unhitched from the U.S. dollar.
Steven Eric Kent - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Just quickly, what share count is captured in your EPS guidance? Does it include the $500 million repurchase program?
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: It includes the $500 million repurchase program, but the cadence of when that happens has it generally spread throughout the year.
Steven Eric Kent - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. Your final question comes from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. Two questions, actually. One is on China. You have talked about being likely to maybe add more ships there. You don't have anything announced for 2017 or after that. And I'm just wondering what your kind of most recent thoughts on that are versus where they were sort of two months or three months ago. And then outside of China, your commentary in the release talks about volume being at kind of – or load being at the same level as last year but price higher. And in October, both load and price were up. And obviously, your volume can only be up at the end of the day as much as your supply is up. So I guess I'm wondering if the lower volume now versus October just kind of relative to your book position in the prior year, is that pretty much in line with your expectations that because you're raising price that you've been expecting volume to slow between October and now? Thanks.
Michael W. Bayley - President & Chief Executive Officer, Royal Caribbean International: Hi, Robin, it's Michael. Just to answer your first question on China and more ships, obviously we don't make any announcements on new ships until we make the announcements. And we're aware of announcements that have been made already for 2017. So when we're ready, we'll announce. But I think, overall, we continue to be very positive about the opportunity in China. It's the beginning of something that we think is really, really positive. So our intention is to continue to invest and grow that market.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. And, Robin, on the volume and price side, as you said, on the October call we said we were booked ahead on both rate and volume. Outside of the little hiccups we saw, as it relates to the Paris attacks and some of the geopolitical events which quickly bounced back, it has been very much in line with our expectations. And as we have a greater mix of our capacity going into China, that does skew the year-over-year comparables because it is a much closer-in booking environment. But I would describe it overall as that it's in line with our expectations.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right, great. Thank you.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Great.
Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you for your assistance, Paula, with the call today. And we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Carol will be available for any follow-ups you might have. And I really do wish you all a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason Liberty - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Adam Goldstein - President and Chief Operating Officer Michael Bayley - President and Chief Executive Officer of Royal Caribbean International Carol Cabezas - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Joel Simkins - Credit Suisse Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Kevin Minolta - JPMorgan James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Robin Farley - UBS Jamie Katz - Morningstar Ian Rennardson - Jefferies
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited 2015 Third Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Jason Liberty, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason Liberty: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and, Carol Cabezas, our new Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which have been posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin by providing an overview of the business. I will follow with a recap of our third quarter results, provide an update on the current booking environment and provide our early thoughts on 2016. I will close with guidance for the full year and fourth quarter. We will then open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Jason, and good morning everybody. What Jason didn’t mention was that Laura Hodges is also in the room. And most of you know Laura is the outgoing Head of Investor Relations and I think we should thank her for what she has done over this period and wish her well as she takes Royal Caribbean to new heights. I think Carol should also know that we are expecting the share price to move as much during her tenure as it has during Laura’s. So no pressure, but we are looking for good things. Turning back to the substance here. It’s only appropriate that I begin with talking about the Double-Double. As I assume you all know and I hope you will know that’s the name we gave to our program designed to achieve double-digit ROIC and the doubling of our 2014 earnings by 2017. That program continues in earnest and our performance this year allows us to move into 2016 confidently on track to the Double-Double. In fact, it looks like we are hitting one interesting milestone this year which none of us paid any attention to before. When we set out on this path, our focus was on 2017, but I was very pleased when somebody pointed out to me that our new forecast for 2015 means we will be exactly twice our 2013 profit at the end of this year. It’s exciting to see that we are about to double our profitability in just two years from $2.40 to $4.80. I like a good omen, and this one suits me just fine. It’s remarkable to me that on each of our three key metrics we are now back to at a minimum our best guidance of the year. On the yield front, we are back to the midpoint of our January guidance of approximately 3.5%. On the cost front, we’ve gone from up 1% or better to down zero to 1%. And on the earnings front, we are $0.05 above the midpoint of our January guidance of $4.75. All this is further proof of our ability to manage our business on an annual basis despite the fluctuations between quarters as well as our commitment to delivering bottom line results for our shareholders. This type of performance doesn’t come easy, especially in our highly complex business, and this year is no different. The languishing economies in Latin America, the MERS epidemic in Korea, typhoons and stock market volatility in China have all presented us with our share of headwinds, however, a strong North American consumer has provided us a solid base, momentum in the Caribbean is going strong and our new buildings continue to perform exceptionally well on every measure. We have a lot to be excited about. Given that the economic struggles in Latin America are having a profound effect on the Pullmantur brand and that China is our fastest growing market, I’d like to spend a bit of time expanding on both of these topics. First, it’s clear that our Latin American strategy for Pullmantur hit a brick wall when the economies of our key local markets all but collapsed. Brazil, which is our most important Latin America source market, has seen substantial economic turmoil as well as substantial political turmoil. Just last quarter, the Brazilian Real dropped by 22% against the dollar. This type of precipitous decline dashed our hopes and plans for Pullmantur in Latin America and has triggered the non-cash impairment charge of almost $400 billion. Taking such a large write down is always painful, and no one likes to ignore at something like this, but it’s also true that every cloud has a silver lining. In this case, the write down enables us to put this issue behind us and focus Pullmantur on a simpler and more attractive proposition catering to its Spanish base. I believe that we can now move forward with a more positive attitude that enables a more positive outlook. Shifting to the other side of the globe, we have a lot to talk about with respect to China. As you know, we’ve made a real effort over a number of years to establish our position and our reputation in the growing Chinese market. That effort has been very successful for us and we are particularly proud of the strong brand position we’ve achieved there. It’s been a major learning experience and not an easy one. But fortunately the market has been very receptive to our product and to our message. This has enabled us to accomplish two things, expand the size of our Chinese deployment and expand the seasonality of that deployment. We now have Quantum of the Seas doing China sailings year round, and while off peak sailings will still trade above the normal fleet average, they will not trade as high as the peak summer China sailings. That is really no different than in any other market around the world. In addition, Legend of the Seas will have sailings home porting out of secondary cities like Tianjin and Qingdao, that have lower costs, but most likely not drive as high of APDs as Quantum does out of Shanghai or that Ovation will out of Tianjin. These mix changes don’t alter the fact that China and the growth of the Asia Pacific region has and will continue to be yield accretive for the brand overall. Now as we look specifically into 2016, we are encouraged by what we see. As previously noted, we have a higher percentage booked and at higher prices than ever before in our history. And we take delivery of two of the industry’s most acclaimed ships in the second quarter, Harmony of the Seas, which is the third Oasis Class Ship and Ovation of the Seas which is the third Quantum Class Ships. All of this provides a very nice tailwind to earnings, especially for the back half of next year. I would emphasize that booking so much, so early, is not only an indication of the strength of the market, it also goes hand in hand with our price integrity policy. As you know that policy is designed to give our guests and our travel partners more comfort that when they book a cruise with us, we won’t be dropping the price of that same cruise during the last few days before the ship sails. We believe that only clear, unambiguous guidelines work. If we can’t measure it, we can’t properly implement it. In this case, it’s both the clarity and the absoluteness of our program that makes it so powerful for our customer and for our internal revenue managers. Depending on the itinerary, we have internally banned any new discounts in the U.S. and the Canada in the last 10, 20, 30 or 40 days before the cruise starts. The program has been in place for seven months or so, and we have not granted a single exception to the policy. I acknowledge it has cost us a bit and is costing us a bit this year in revenue, and some cabins have gone empty which could have been filled with dramatic last minute deals, but we stood firm and we have made zero exceptions. We believe our guests and our travel partners are beginning to respond as we had hoped they would and we are sticking with the program. We still expect it will cost us a bit more in 2016, but the long run benefit in guest satisfaction, in travel agent support and in bottom line results will pay handsome dividends in the long run. In fact, we feel sufficiently positive about the program that recently we extended it to the U.K. and Irish markets, so we are now applying the same policies about no new last minute discounts in Britain and Ireland that we have been applying in the U.S. and Canada. Now lastly before I turn the mike back to Jason, I would just touch on our share repurchase program that we included in our release. We’ve previously responded to questions about such a program by saying that it would be a reasonable consideration as we get into the time when we are more comfortable about free cash flow generation. It’s a gratifying sign of progress that our board has now approved such a program at this time. With that, it’s my pleasure to turn it back to Jason. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. I will begin by taking you through our results for the third quarter. Unless I state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency basis. We have summarized our third quarter results on slide two. For the quarter, we generated adjusted net income of $2.84 per share which was $0.14 above our guidance. Third quarter net revenue yields were up 5.1% year-over-year which was approximately 130 basis points better than the midpoint of our previous guidance. The out performance was driven by strong close-in pricing for the Caribbean and Europe as well as strong on-board revenue on our Asia itineraries. Yields were up year-over-year on all key products except for Latin America where we saw a weak demand at low price points. On board revenues did not disappoint. We achieved 10% growth year-over-year driven by improvements in beverage, retail sales and demand for Boom, the fastest internet at sea. Costs were better than expected for the quarter with net cruise cost excluding fuel down 1.8% versus guidance of down 1.5% to 1%. The $0.02 beat and cost is mainly due to timing. Also in the third quarter we recorded non-cash impairment charge of $399 million associated with Pullmantur’s goodwill, trade mark and trade names and a reduction in the fair value of select vessels in the Pullmantur fleet. Given the further deterioration of the economies and currencies in Latin America, management has shifted strategy and will be rightsizing the Pullmantur brand to better align supply with demand and to refocus on their core market of Spain. To that end, the Pullmantur Empress will transition back to the Royal Caribbean International fleet in early 2016 and after an extensive dry dock will begin sailing as the Empress of the Seas in the spring of 2016. As the Pullmantur management team works through their new strategy, we expect restructuring and related charges in the range of $5 million to $10 million that will be recorded in future quarters. Also, we plan to eliminate Pullmantur’s two month lag in the first quarter of 2016. This change will result in a 14-month reporting period for Pullmantur next year and did not represent a material impact of full year earnings. For simplification and comparative purposes, we will be excluding all these adjustments from our key statistics. Now I would like to update you on what we are seeing in the demand environment. For the balance of 2015 and provide early insight into 2016. The fourth quarter is shaping up significantly better than last year from both an APD and load factor perspective and we are currently 95% booked for the quarter. Our Caribbean sailings account for 47% of our Q4 capacity and are turning much more favourably than at this point last year. We expect the Caribbean to generate mid to high single digit yield improvements in Q4. Asia Pacific itineraries account for 20% of fourth quarter capacity and for the first time we have a ship in China throughout the winter season. Quantum of the Seas has been generating superior yields as continuing to contribute to our overall yield growth in the region. Industry capacity growth is slightly stressing our Australian Southeast Asia products this winter. While this has led us to take a more conservative view on yield expectations for this itineraries absolute yields are still higher unlike hardware in other markets. Our guidance reflects the impact, the economic crisis Latin America is having on our locally sourced Brazil and Latin America sailings. Before providing visibility into booking transfer next year, I want to provide you with an overview of our deployment. We are slightly increasing capacity in the Caribbean due mostly to hardware changes and shifts in season length. By the end of the year, we will have three Oasis class ships in the Caribbean, two in Fort Lauderdale and one in Port Canaveral, our newest ship Harmony of the Seas joins her sisters Oasis and Allure for the winter of 2016 and 2017 season. The Caribbean will remain our biggest product with about 43% of total capacity. Before heading to the Caribbean, Harmony of the Seas will debut in the Mediterranean and spend her summer season sailing from Barcelona and Rome. Overall, European itineraries will represent about 21% of our total capacity which is similar to this year. Our most significant increase will once again occur in the Asia Pacific region. Capacity will be up more than 30% year-over-year due in part to the addition of Ovation of the Seas in Tianjin and the year round presence of Quantum of the Seas in Shanghai. Overall, China will represent 9% of total 2016 capacity versus 6% in 2015. Structurally the main changes in our deployment from a quarterly perspective are, Quantum of the Seas has new China sailings throughout Q1, Splendour of the Seas leaves the fleet in April. Harmony and Ovation of the Seas joins us late in Q2 ultimately providing tailwinds to revenue in Q3 and Q4. Mein Schiff 5 joins TUI Cruises in June. Dry docks are also shifting next year with more in Q2 and Q4 and fewer in Q1 and Q3. Moving onto early booking transfer 2016, demand has been healthy thus far and the booking window has continued to expand. In fact, it has shifted out approximately 30 days over the last two years. As a result, 2016 load factors are currently the highest in the company’s history and APDs are ahead versus the same time last year for the full year and in each individual quarter. The strength we are seeing in the Caribbean this year continues into 2016 and Caribbean sailings of all lengths are trending nicely ahead. We are seeing solid early booking trends for both North America and key sourcing markets in Europe for 2016 European sailings. As expected, Harmony of the Seas is enjoying particularly strong demand. Load factors are up year-over-year for our 2016 Asia Pacific itineraries, with Quantum of the Seas and all over China winter season and a good book position at high yields. Our order book for summer China sailings is shaping up nicely and the product is expected to contribute to the company’s overall yield growth for 2016. Although it’s still too early in the booking window to comment more specifically on booking trends for the full year, we do have more visibility into the first quarter. Overall, Q1 is booked ahead on load factor and APD versus same time last year. The Caribbean and China which makes up approximately two thirds of capacity are significantly more booked than last year at higher rates. The strength of these two products is more than offsetting continued pressure in Latin America. While our key products are trending well in the first quarter, it’s still too early to provide specific guidance for the full year. However, our current record high load factors and strong pricing position 2016 is expected to be our seventh consecutive year of yield growth keeping us on track to our Double-Double targets. If you turn to slide three, you will see our guidance for the full year 2015. Net revenue yields are expected to be up approximately 3.5% which gets up back to the midpoint of our January guidance and represents a slight increase from our July guidance. This increase is due to our stronger revenue performance in the third quarter. The fact it was impacting our business have mostly remained consistent since our last earnings call. Caribbean momentum continues, we are on track to have our highest yields in Europe in our company’s history and our onboard revenue and three cruises remain on a positive trajectory. These tailwinds are somewhat offsetting further weakness in Latin America and softer pricing in Australia and Southeast Asia due to significant increase in industry capacity. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be back in line with the April guidance of flat to down 1%. Our fuel costs for the year have decreased since our July call to $800 million, driven mainly by rate and we are 57% hedged for the remainder of 2015 at a price of $608 per metric ton. Based on current fuel prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share guidance is expected to be approximately $4.80. These earnings represent a $0.05 improvement from the midpoint of our January guidance, despite a full year $0.25 headwind from a currency and fuel. Before I walk you through our fourth quarter guidance, I would like to elaborate on capital returns. We continue to remain focused on improving returns for our shareholders which is one of our three core financial objectives. Our commitment to this goal has exemplified our announcement this morning of our boards authorization of a $500 million share repurchase program. This includes a $200 million accelerated share repurchase which is expected to be completed by the end of January 2016. Further evidence of our commitment to improving shareholder returns is our recent increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.375 a 25% increase year-over-year. These two actions reflect our commitment to improving shareholder returns and our confidence in the Double-Double. Now I’d like to walk you through our fourth quarter guidance on slide four. Notwithstanding the impact of Latin America and some modest pressure on pricing in Australia and Southeast Asia, Q4 of 2015 will be the best performing fourth quarter in our company’s history. Year-over-year tailwinds are coming from a combination of price improvements in the Caribbean, the addition of Quantum of the Seas in China and the Anthem of the Seas in the Northeast. Net yields are expected to be up in the range of 4.5% to 5%. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be down approximately 4% and we have included 193 million of fuel expense for the quarter. Taking all this into account we expect adjusted earnings per share to be approximately $0.90 per share for the quarter. With that, I will ask our operator, Lorrie to open up the call up for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski of Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: Hey, good morning, guys. So, I guess in the past you talk little bit about 2016 in terms of what you're seeing there, and I guess some times in the past around the third quarter earnings release you guys have essentially given somewhat soft guidance for the next year. I know in 2015 you guys kind of called out that you felt comfortable with where consensus was for the next year. This year you guys did not do that. I was wondering why the decision not to do that?
Richard Fain: Yes. Steve, I'll address that. It's Richard. I guess that's an instance of no good deed goes unpunished. We did do that last year and I think we actually did the opposed well. And the reason was most of those cases we were sort of – there were lot of uncertainties about some of the structural elements that we were trying to make sure everybody understood what that is. But most people don't provide that kind of guidance and we don't really want to do so on a regular basis. And this year I think -- we think that the structural issues are clear. We have comparable situation going forward. People understand the way the fleet works and the numbers work. And so we didn't – and it's clear from the guidance that's out there – not the guidance, but the estimates that are out there that people understand the way these things are going. But we get our best information about the year when we go through the wave period and we really feel that it's more appropriate on an ongoing basis to be doing what the rest of our industry does and provide our guidance when we've had that early insight. So I think I would suggest that last year or two have been anomalies, but this is and should the norm.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay. Got you. And then, I guess as we look to 2016, your outlook there looks – it's pretty for most of markets you're operating in. But I guess the question is going to go to Pullmantur, even though it’s a very, very small percentage of your capacity. I guess at this point you guys have had issues with this as brand. The Latin American market does seem to be unstable at this point. And if you look at those five ships and the brand, I mean, the average ages, I mean, almost 25 years old. So I guess the question is at this point why not shut that down and essentially relocate those ships or essentially scrap up?
Richard Fain: Hey, Steve. I think that when we look Latin America as a key market as you brought up, I mean, there has been some real challenge there. But when we look at the market of Spain and Pullmantur position in Spain, we do think that there is opportunity with those assets and with the positioning of the brand to do well. And that's why this is a combination of somewhat rightsizing, right, so we are taking Empress of the Seas as I noted in my remarks and moving her into the Royal Caribbean fleet. And then, really kind of trying to match up appropriately supply and demand in the Spanish market and I think that we see those plans as paying off nice for us in the future.
Steve Wieczynski: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix : Hi. Thanks. Good morning. So, Jason, exciting news regarding the share repurchase program and the ASR. That just came out about a year earlier than I was expecting. So, I was just wondering if you could talk about the decision to do it now and any impact that might with the rating agencies regarding obtaining your investment grade rating?
Jason Liberty: Sure. it is a little bit early relative to when positive free cash flow generation comes in and as it evolve in modeling in our discussion most people see that towards the back half of next year. I think what we talked about was that as we starting to get more comfortable about the forward looking picture and as Richard mentioned in his comment the forward looking free cash flow generation that management and the board would be considering when that share buyback would be. I think this is kind of more of a timing thing as it relates to the rating agencies as this is –you probably are little bit earlier, but not a lot earlier than our dialogues with them in terms of share buyback program. So, I think the combination of you are confidence in future cash flows, while also trying to manage those three core financial objectives of improving shareholder returns being an investment grade credit and growing our business by maintaining that balances, this has kind of been our prospective for it.
Felicia Hendrix: And then you gave us some color on China. As you know we just did some analysis on this supply that's coming into the market over the next two years, and by account the market is going from about 10 ships today to 18 in 2017. So, I just wondering in context of all the strength that you stuffed on your prepared remarks can you just share your thoughts on the impact of that supply in the market in general and particular 2017. And then also how Royal Caribbean expectations for pricing fall into that scenario? Thanks.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Felicia, it's Michael. I'll answer that question. I think as you point out there's more supply coming into market in 2016 and 2017. We obviously feel quite comfortable with the market opportunity. We believe that it's literally untapped and as we see what's occurring in the Shanghai and Tianjin-Beijing region. We think that there's a lot of opportunity ahead of us. For Royal Caribbean, I think we feel confident. We've now been I the market for eight years. We've been building our brand for that period of time and we're being investing solidly in the market for that period, so, the aggregate marketing investments had been quite significant. We have good consumer confidence. We're in a good position as a brand in the marketplace. In fact yesterday we just receive news that we were the recipients of the best cruise line in China for the eighth year running. We have been working on expanding the distribution channels and building our trade relationships and over this period of time I think we've also been able to introduce more sophisticated promotional ideas with our various trade partners. So, our feelings are good about how we see China. We think the opportunity is still very, very strong. So that's kind of our perspective on China.
Felicia Hendrix: And then to just reiterate something that Jason said about pricing in China. Did I hear that right that for 2016 so far what you see is it up year-over-year, Jason?
Jason Liberty: Just in terms of the visibility that we have into China and lot of that is going into the spring. We feel about load factor and the APDs we're getting there, and obviously Quantum will be there for the first time in the first quarter. And as Michael mentioned, the reception to that product has been – and that asset has been fantastic.
Michael Bayley: Yes. Just to add, I mean, we not only have we being extremely please with the performance of Quantum, but we have Ovation coming into the market in June into Tianjin. So with the two Quantum Class ships in China in 2016, we're feeling pretty good about how that looks?
Richard Fain: But you know Felicia, it also worth emphasizing that the – there's a structural change because we really now going into the market and doing it on the year round basis. And so you have to add in the mix that we have now have winter sailings. Actually significant part of the increase and the capacity in China is not so much new ships, but it's actually just that we broadening when during the year that we're there. So, we're quite encouraged by it. We're already there. The Quantum has done very well. The Quantum has clearly – the Quantum Class is clearly distinguishing themselves as an outstanding vessel. But there's also a lot of uncertainty about China in everybody's mind. And we feel good that we're going at in the right way. And I just want you to forget structural change.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes. Thanks for that. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder of Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Conder: Thank you. And first of all congrats to everyone on continued great execution. Couple of things, Richard, just to continue on to that and whether you or Michael or Jason want to take this, but regarding China, so it sounds like we may see a little bit more seasonality, obviously, and somewhat similar to what we see in North America, where we have a shoulder period in Q1 and Q4. Can you sort of talk about the cadence there of pricing, and obviously it would appear that you would get your highest yields in the summer. So, that's question one related to China. Question two would be, Jason, you mentioned I think that the pricing as it stands right now is up on a very early basis looking for China for next year, but if you could maybe, if you can or if you want to, break it down into your existing markets and then as you expand here into some of these periphery markets, somewhat your top cities versus your new cities, if you could give any color from that perspective?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Tim, it's Michael. Yes. I think as Richard point it out and as your question asks, there is seasonality and so the cadence is very similar to the kind of cadence that we see in other markets. There's a peak summer when the demand is high, particular around Golden Week, when the demand is extraordinary. And then as we move into the more of the shoulder seasons than we typically have slightly softer pricing that we do in the peak, so that's very typical. And I think that we expect the behavior to be similar, although I think for us, it’s the fact that we're broadening the seasons. It's also a new experience for us as well. So we're going to have to see how it really does play out. We're fairly confident in terms of demand in the marketplace. So I think – but the seasonality is we believe quite similarly.
Tim Conder: Okay.
Jason Liberty: And then, Tim, in terms of your commentary on the market and secondary markets, I think in Richard's comment he talked about that these secondary markets have a lower cost base to them and do get slightly lower yields than what you would get in these primary large metropolitan areas like Shanghai and Beijing area. And so, I think again it's still very early on in that booking process, but that will play into the mix of yields for China, but again, we all thing that that contributes positively to the overall yield of the region, as well as it corporation the full year.
Michael Bayley: And Tim, I just add one more new ones. We talk about the complexity of our business, one of things you also are very well aware, I know you're well aware of, but it gives me an opportunity to mention it for everybody is the issues that it's not just China. We really look at this pattern as in some cases it's year round China, but in some cases its summer in China and our winter Northern winter in Southeast Asia and then Australia and New Zealand and you were also commenting on what's happening particularly in Australian market, New Zealand market which have also had very large increases in capacity. So you have to balance all of those as we're going through.
Tim Conder: Okay. Understood. That's helps. I guess just one more piece there on the China. If you looked at your comparable cities in the comparable period, how is pricing trending at this point from that perspective?
Jason Liberty: Hi, Tim. On a comparable basis and again in terms of the visibility there we see. And as I commented we – our load factors are on a good position year-over-year as well as our rate based on the level of visibility that we have which is really through the spring at this point.
Tim Conder: Okay. Gentlemen, thank you.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Simkins of Credit Suisse.
Joel Simkins: Yes. Hey, good morning, and thanks for the update on trends here. I guess you mentioned the window now for discounts sort of being out as far as 40 days. Is there any thought to sort of extending that a little further? Do you feel like you could push it at this point given that the consumer seems to be getting used to it and obviously the competitive environment seems to be rational?
Richard Fain: Yes. I think we take these things as they come and we're learning from it. This is a new program and we need to be a little bit cautious as we roll it out. The rollout has been very encouraging, you've seen that. We have extended it. We actually look at these and don't make those decisions in advance. So I wouldn't speculate this to what might be the case in the future. All I can say is that we have felt good about what we've done so far and that's caused us to extend it both in terms of time and also in the areas where we're putting this in place. And I'm quite comfortable that that is working and we will continue that. I have no comfort as to what we will do in the future, and I think we would simply look at that as that comes to play.
Joel Simkins: Sure. And one follow-up on onboard obviously the trends continue to be very, very strong there. I guess as you think about onboard and what's driving and I guess how much the overall health of the consumer, how much has been priced and how much has been sort of product and innovation particularly as you renovated some the legacy capacity?
Michael Bayley: Hi. Joel, its Michael. I think its really all three. I think with certainly in the summer during Q3 both in Europe and Caribbean actually and nearly all of our products, we've seen more spend coming from the consumers. We've been more I think aggressive with our dynamic pricing model as it relates to pricing onboard which allowed us to take opportunity of some of those moments where people seem to be more willing to spend. I think product mix has been a really major contributor. The investment over time in terms of building out and changing out different retail options and what not has certainly beginning to help us. So I think really it’s a combination of all three. It was certainly for the Q3 it was just a really good quarter. And of course China played a big part of that as well. And we've been very pleased with them. One of the big contributors has been the VOOM, the fastest internet of sea, and we've seen significant increase in our revenues in that area. 
Joel Simkins: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent of Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent: Hi. Good morning. On the pricing integrity program, its not clear to me, is that just for the Royal brand or all of your brands, and when you said, you're rolling it out into Europe and other markets, is that for all of the brands. And that's my first question. And then on the buyback, can you just talk about how the board looks toward that versus dividends and the discussion there. And then one final thing, just on – can you talk about the earnings potential of your JVs and how that factors in to achieving your Double-Double goals?
Richard Fain: Steve, its Richard, and I'll start on the price integrity program and then I'll ask Jason to answer the other two questions. The price integrity program is for all of our brands across the broad. It's only in the U.K. and Ireland that we've added it, we haven't added it elsewhere in the world. But it is in the U.K. and Ireland. It is for all of our brands.
Jason Liberty: Steven, in terms of on the share buyback versus the dividend, I think that obviously historically we've look at the dividend as kind of the core mechanism to return in capital of the shareholders. And I think there's a recognition that they needed to be a mix of those two things. And I think that's how we and the board will be considering those mechanisms going forward.
Steven Kent: Just to stay on this for a second, why not be more opportunistic, Jason, versus this accelerated share repurchase, I mean you can't help but see today you're -- I think you're at an all-time high, which is terrific, but why not just wait for the occasional downdraft that seems to happen in this industry?
Jason Liberty: Yes, great question. I think it’s a point to point out. Two things, one which is the ASR -- the ASR is really for 200 of the 500, and the other 300 we haven't announce how we would go about on doing that. But that's not as definitely something we very much keep in line. And I think that the share repurchase I think should be an indictor of – again our confidence, the board's confidence and now we see things going forward. As it relates to the joint ventures, you're certainly – we have two key joint ventures, one is TUI AG, our TUI Cruises venture which does and continues to do very, very well. That is obviously a key contributor to our Double-Double program and our outlook going forward as that brand continues to successfully operate as well as grow. SkySea is really in its infancy. It just launched this past May. I think – how we contributes to Double-Double, we'll probably be something more on modest basis as we look to grow that – the positioning of that brand in the Chinese market with our partner Ctrip as well as grow that brand over time.
Steven Kent: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Minolta of JPMorgan.
Kevin Minolta: Hey, good morning. Appreciate the time here. As we look at capacity growth in 2016 picking up a touch here for the fleet. Could you give us a sense for how we should be thinking about net cruise costs on a go-forward basis both with fuel and without? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Hey, Kevin. I think we're obviously – we're still in our planning process on both the revenue and cost standpoint. We will give guidance on cost next year. But I think that you should just generally expect that our focus and rigor on cost has really exceeded well into the culture of the company and you should expect us to behave similarly going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman of Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. Two questions from me. First, maybe just little bit of clarification. Was the repo factored into your original Double-Double plan? I guess another way of asking that, do you think that net income will double 2017 over 2014?
Richard Fain: When we gave the Double-Double and I would remind you that it is both net income and ROIC, we didn't caveat that with what actions we would take over the market takes. We're not adjusting it for fuel, foreign exchange, share repurchases or anything we might be doing, we've really just said, it's the target. And the one, the earnings per share would be impacted by share repurchases, but the ROIC, I would point out is not impacted by share repurchases as well.
James Hardiman: But just to clarify, I think you just said that the expectation was that net income would double, not just EPS?
Richard Fain: No, no, we try to be explicit. We have two targets and they are exactly what we've said, which is adjusted earnings per share would double that is it would get to $6.78 by – for the year 2014. And ROIC would reach double-digits, i.e. that it would be 10.00 [ph] or 1% or better by 2017. And those are two targets that we're using internally, essential we will take what actions we should operationally and the world will give us what it would give us, whether that's foreign exchange gains or losses, it's been bad, but whatever it is fuel or whatever it is et cetera.
James Hardiman: Got it. Very helpful. And then my second question was on the price integrity program. You said in the prepared remarks that it's cost you a bit in 2015 and will cost a bit more in 2016. Are you saying obviously the program is going to help with pricing and hurt on the occupancy front? Do you saying that the net effect of those two has been a negative and will continue to be a negative in 2016 or is just that its cost you a bit on the occupancy side. And I guess related question, occupancy step down a bit in the second quarter and was down again in the third quarter. I'm assuming that's a function of the price integrity program are safe today, safe to say that's going to be continue to down until you lap that maybe second quarter next year and then resume growth or how should you be thinking about that?
Richard Fain: Yes. I think your description was accurate that we think that the price integrity program probably helps us on the rate, but hurts us on the volume. And so the net effect of that in 2015 and 2016 would be negative on our total revenue. So, I think your articulation was exactly correct. In terms of the actual occupancy that you are experiencing especially by quarter, I think there are so many other factors that the price integrity program would not be a significant part of that. And so, to the extent that its down or up in any quarter, that will be really driven by our yield managers and our yield management system. The price integrity program would be a de minimis part of that.
James Hardiman: Make sense. And maybe just a follow-up there then, so as we think about the net being negative into 2016, should we sort of think about that as a negative most significantly in the first quarter and then once we lap that maybe it becomes a positive beyond that or how should we think about that?
Jason Liberty: Hey, James, it's Jason. I think the way that you need to look at is first off, we're talking about very, very small numbers here in terms of what we believe the impact is on this program on a negative basis and we expect to see that continue, because these programs are continuing to rollout to more product, into more markets. And as we said previously we expect that to kind of lap in and move into a positive direction in 2017. And when we talk about the effect, we really do talk about on an occupancy because as Richard mentioned in his remarks, its what we can measure, but we do think that this is really changing the conversation with the guest who have booked and behave in the way that we wanting them and also helping us expand out the booking window to position us for stronger pricing.
James Hardiman: Excellent. Thanks guys.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, James.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. A couple of questions. First is I wonder what the Pullmantur write-down if you could quantify, it looks like their write-down will end up adding to EPS in future years, because you're eliminating some things that would have run through the depreciation and amortization line. So could you just help guide us little bit what that will add EPS each year having taken the write-down? And then, a question on China, this is a topic, not totally exhausted yet. We had a recent analysis out and in our channel checks we had heard some of the distributors there maybe not getting as large of markup, but that is, in our view is not a negative for Royal or for pricing since its not really a commission model, it was the charter model there. So is it fair to say that that's going to be the same. it's still primarily going to be charter model for next year, so the width of the travel sellers markup is not really something that's a negative for you guys? And then I may have one more question after that, thanks.
Jason Liberty: Hey, Robin, it's Jason. I'll take the Pullmantur question. Really the majority of the other write-off were again it was a non-cash write off and it was relating to intangibles that were not amortizing or depreciating in any way. There is a portion of that that it relates to some of the ships. It would probably help us by couple of cents going forward, because it's not just about write-down, it also some adjustments in the residuals as we look at those assets going forward. But it’s a couple of cents. It's not material.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Robin, it's Michael. I'll answer the question on the China and the distribution markup, Yes, I think there was a period when we had the MERS outbreak in Korea and then we have the triple typhoon impact, and then of course we have the explosion in Tianjin, so we had a period of about – I'm going to guess, its about three months or so where it was a little wobbly because of all of these events. And then of course we had many of the distributors have this charter or group resell relationship with us and I think many of our competitors. So during that period I think some of them incurred losses, that didn't flow through to us, but of course it impacts us because they are long term partners. And so we worked on strategies to help them through that and to ensure we're in a good place for 2016, but it didn't really have a financial impact to us. And of course the model is really quite different in China in relation to the distribution. But one of the things that we've been actively working on is expanding the distribution and opening up that channel through various strategies which of course it’s a long term play but we feel like we're on a good track to broaden that channel.
Robin Farley: Great. That's very helpful. Thanks and maybe just a last question. Just looking at the full-year EPS and on the full-year EPS went up by $0.10 and the beat in Q3 was $0.14. I think you mentioned kind of $0.02 was maybe borrowed from expenses shifting. If there another $0.02 of -- because I think FX and fuel kind of net out. There are another $0.02 of your yield outlook in Q4 that maybe that would Pullmantur Latin America that was just that hair lower than previous just to clarify? Thanks.
Richard Fain: Hi, Robin -- so just to clarify it’s really a combination of Latin America and a little bit later on the Australia, New Zealand product just due to the level of capacity that’s in there that’s driving the differential.
Robin Farley: That’s great. Thank you very much.
Richard Fain: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Katz of Morningstar.
Jamie Katz: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. With moving from capacity back to Spain and launching Harmony in the market next year, I'm curious what you guys are seeing in that local market, and then generally how you're feeling about European demand for next summer.
Jason Liberty: Sure, hey Jamie, it’s Jason. As it relates to you know the capacity going in to the Barcelona market, first off for Harmony, it’s a really global sourced product while and it doesn’t really compete directly with Pullmantur and that’s putting some more capacity into Spain. And by the way when we say for more capacity it focuses on Spain, it doesn’t necessarily mean it’s sailing out of the Western Mediterranean could be sailing out of different places sourcing guests from Spain. And then when you look at the European customer, we’ve actually seen very good signs and trends that were still early for the European products coming from Europe as well as that continued strength we’ve seen over the past couple of years from the North American consumer who has been highly attracted to European sailings?
Jamie Katz: And then I'm curious, you guys hire a few months ago. Have there been any thoughts on changes to the marketing strategy and how to attract consumers going forward, or has it been pretty static?
Michael Bayley: Oh hi, Jamie it’s Michael. Yes, we are very pleased to welcome Jim to Royal Caribbean International a few months ago and he’s been very busy. You may have seen, we just launched our new campaign “Come Seek” for Royal Caribbean International that’s come literally into market this week. And hopefully you’ll see us go a slightly different twist towards it, and the way we are approaching the market with this idea of come seek and the imagery and the kind of TV commercials, radio and digital that we are putting into the market has tested exceptionally well, not only with existing cruises but probably more importantly with new to cruise. So part of our focus is on the new to cruise markets and I think you’ll start to see that in the marketing that comes from Royal Caribbean International over the coming period and that really is being led and directed by our new CMO.
Jamie Katz: And then lastly, can you guys add any color on Celebrity, I know you usually don’t break it up but I’m curious if those consumers are performing disparately or incrementally better than the Royal Caribbean passengers and the willingness to spend is a little bit higher?
Richard Fain: I’m quite happy to actually -- I think one of the things that has us feeling pretty good is just how well our brands are being received in the market place and Celebrity is a good example of that. Michael is here himself has [Indiscernible] is how his brand is doing, but atleast if we are here, she would say exactly the same. It’s really, and Michael mentioned that he has a new ad campaign coming out so has Lisa and she’s -- here’s is actually been out for the longer and its being received quite well. So I think we are really seeing except for geographic issues like Latin America we are really seeing our brands doing quite nicely in their respective markets, and the Celebrity brand has been holding its own and I think -- now it’s also been affected by the geographies because it for example has had more volume in particularly in the Eastern Mediterranean this year. So you will see changes, we see changes between brands. We see a lot of changes between brands and between different geographies which is just a normal fact of doing business, and I think we sometimes read too much into it particularly because we’ve historically been so surprisingly accurate. I mean, I think for us to come in looking like and the year is so close to being over. We’re pretty confident about looking to be in the range of 3.5% yield improvement that is essentially exactly where we predicted it at the beginning of the year. And I wish I could say that we were that accurate. Its’ simply the margin of error in these things is a little bigger than that and we have been fortunate that the plusses have offset the minuses, but overall I think that’s not unusual for us and I would expect that to continue.
Jamie Katz: Thank you.
Richard Fain: All right we have time for one more question.
Operator: And your final question will come from the line of Ian Rennardson of Jefferies
Ian Rennardson: Thank you. Good afternoon from England. My question is regarding the share buyback. I’m assuming that the 500 million isn’t a one-off and I wondered how you calculated what ratios you’ve used to calculate that 500 and what sort of ratios you will be thinking about as being applicable for the medium term? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Ian, could you clarify what you mean by ratios?
Ian Rennardson: Well net debt-to-EBITDA or…
Jason Liberty: Oh, I’m sorry. Okay, great. Yeah, so we still are very much focussed on getting to your 3.75 times net debt-to-EBITDA and we see ourselves progressing towards that, towards the end of next year as we consider these buybacks. So we see this buyback a little bit of as a timing opportunity in terms of buying back shares.
Ian Rennardson: Okay, thank you.
Richard Fain: And I will just add, I think as Jason said earlier we would reiterate our objective is to get to that investment grade. And obviously almost anything that we do that involves capital including ordering ships or buying back shares makes it a little more difficult but we think that the move towards investment grade is so inexorable that we can balance those things.
Ian Rennardson: Okay. Thank you and I think we’ll just finish off on that. I think in 2007 seen you only have $500 million of CapEx projected which is significantly lower than the other year, does that have any thinking on your medium to longer term thinking on share buybacks?
Richard Fain: No you know it’s interesting because one of the interesting because one of the interesting features of our business is CapEx tends to come in big bunches and whether a ship delivers in January or December makes a huge difference on the numbers you just quoted. We don’t tend to look at it that way, I think it’s we made a decision '17 was a year that had no ship deliveries, but then we start having deliveries again in '18. And so I think that’s simply a coincidence '17 worked out that way.
Ian Rennardson: Okay. Thank you. Great.
Jason Liberty: All right. Thank you for your assistance Lawry [ph] with the call today. And we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Carol and Laura will be with her. We’ll be available for any follow ups you might have during the day, and I wish you all a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited 2015 third quarter earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason Liberty - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Adam Goldstein - President and Chief Operating Officer Michael Bayley - President and Chief Executive Officer of Royal Caribbean International Laura Hodges - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Ian Rennardson - Jefferies Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Patrick Scholes - SunTrust James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Robin Farley - UBS Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup Harry Curtis - Nomura Joel Simkins - Credit Suisse Assia Georgieva - Infinity Capital Dan McKenzie - Buckingham Research Laura Starr - Nuveen Asset Management
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kaila and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited 2015 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand today's call over to Mr. Jason Liberty. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason Liberty: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Laura Hodges, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which have been posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin by providing an overview of the business. I will follow with the recap of our second quarter results, provide an update on the business environment, and then provide an update on our full year and third quarter guidance for 2015. We will then open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Jason, and thanks to all of you in the investment community for joining us this morning. There's a lot of good stuff to talk about. Overall the year continues to turn out as of expected. Revenues are a little better, costs are up slightly and our earnings are back to within a nickel of our January guidance. To put this in perspective, foreign exchange and fuel have bounced around during the year and today have cost us a net of a negative $0.21 versus our original guidance. It was on this call a year ago that we first publicly announced our Double-Double program. And that anniversary seems like a great time to update you on our progress. The program is solidly on track to meet our twin goals of doubling our 2014 profit and reaching double-digit ROIC by 2017. The three pillars of the program were main, modest capacity growth, strong cost controls and rising revenue yields. These three pillars have not changed and they remain at the core of everything that we do. Today I would like to focus on the last two of these pillars as moderate capacity growth is firmly enhanced. Beginning on the cost side, we remain steadfast in our commitment to maintaining a cost-conscious culture. While our cost guidance is up slightly from April, it's still lower than our initial guidance of up 1% or better. This is due to the diligence of our teams and finding efficiencies and building synergies throughout our business. Most recently, we merged our single branded marine department into one world-class marine organization. The intent of this consolidation was to facilitate the sharing of best practices and to drive further efficiencies throughout our fleet. I look forward to updating you as this develops. We do believe that our cost culture as well in place and remains on course. But we really are not expecting this to be the main driver of our earnings trajectory. Rather, we expect our focus here will be to continue the hold costs to a realistic level. But the final and the most important pillar in the Double-Double is growing revenue. And one of the key drivers of growing revenue is stimulating quality demand in the marketplace for our products. That's why we're increasing our marketing investment modestly for the back half of the year. As we shared in prior calls, we remain in the best book position in our company's history. And investing in additional marketing now will help us to further seed this healthy position into 2016. Another key driver of revenue growth is our new builds. And Quantum of the Seas and the Anthem of the Seas have definitely not disappointed. They both received a warm reception in their respective markets of China and the United Kingdom and their performance is nothing short of terrific. With the addition of these new builds to our fleet, as well is Ovation of the Seas and Harmony of the Seas joining us in the quarter two of next year, the growth of our Asia-Pacific region, you will begin to notice, somewhat less seasonality in our business and more of an alignment in the supply and demand environments. Speaking of seasonality, it's worth commenting on the timing of our profits. We continually emphasize that we manage our business on an annual basis not a quarterly one. Traditionally, we have referred to the seasonality of our products and that is often correlated with the quarters. But that phenomenon is now starting to shift. We are lengthening the European season that's historically solely been in the summer months and we added capacity in the Asia-Pacific region to take advantage of the warm weather in Australia, New Zealand, for the winter, all winter and we purposeful ships for cold-weather cruising in China and growth in the Southeast Asia region. The outcome of all that is that what was historically low season for demand in North America has become a lower season for supply as well. By placing supply in higher-yielding growth markets in other parts of the world, we get a better balance of the supply demand equation. And over time that helps mitigate what was traditionally particularly strong pricing pressure in the quote - "off-season" - unquote. I want to emphasize, we are not eliminating seasonality but we are taking steps to moderate it. You will notice that I refer to seasons and not to quarters. But we've always thought of our business in those terms. There used to be a cool breakdown of when high season started and ended. As our global footprint continues to expand and our product stretch over elongated seasons, it makes it harder to get a full picture of our business in just one quarter. However, doing this provides better yearly results as well as a more balanced cadence to our earnings. We believe that that represents a true benefit to our shareholders even if it makes quarterly shifts harder to quantify. I would also like to comment, as I have in the past, on the level of accuracy you and we should expect in our revenue forecasts. Frankly, we've all gotten a little bit spoiled by the historical track record from our revenue growers. This year, for example, we focused on deviations of 10th of a percent. We try and interpret these trends from these deviations when the truth is, that the deviations are way within our normal margin of error. We will continue to provide our best thinking about the future but we would also caution that in a business as large and as complex as ours variances, especially between quarters will be the norm. Now before I turn the call back to Jason, I wanted to update everyone on the early signs that we're seeing from my price integrity policy. As a reminder, we adopted this policy to address the kind of deep last-minute discounts that are so frustrating to our guests and our travel partners and ultimately so damaging to our brands. Depending on the sourcing of the type of cruise, the last-minute might be 10, 20, or 30 days out but from that point on our policy is to hold our price at the prior level. We believe that such a policy has to be clear and explicit. Only by setting firm measurable and non-big U.S. terms can we create the kind of credibility that's so important to the program success. Vague efforts don't provide the kind of consistency that is so important to our guests and our travel partners. We began this new policy in March and we're sticking to it. It's still early days but the impact we have seen from a load factor perspective is relatively small and it's in line with our expectations. Our intent with the policy is to achieve happier guests, travel agents, and better branding. It does seem we're on the right track in fact, during the last period we extended the program. We went for a policy coverage of 10, 20, 30 days before the cruise to covering 10, 20, 30 or 40 days prior to sailing. We recognize that this policy is costing us some money in the short term. But we believe that in the long term it will pay handsome dividends. With that, I'll turn the phone back over to Jason. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Think you, Richard. I will begin by taking you through our results for the second quarter. Unless I state differently, all metrics will be on a constant currency basis. We have summarized our second quarter results on slide two. For the quarter, we generated adjusted net income of $0.84 per share which was approximately $0.14 above our guidance. Foreign exchange and fuel rates benefited earnings by $0.07 per share. The balance of the beat was driven by the timing of cost and better than expected close-in pricing in the Caribbean and China. Revenue yields were up 4.2% for the quarter, approximately 70 basis points better than guidance. Strength in the Caribbean and China drove the majority of the upside. Shipboard revenue came in as expected for the second quarter and was up 3.3% year-over-year, driven by improvement in beverage, short excursion and internet. As we discussed in our April earnings call, the volatility in the currency market led to a modest pullback in onboard spending for our non-U.S. guests in the first quarter. To help mitigate further deterioration in spending, we took additional commercial actions that included bundling onboard amenities in the ticket price, as well as encouraging pre-cruise sales of average, short excursion, and specialty restaurant packages in local currency. While still early, these tactics are being received favorably and are helping us reduced further risk. Net cruise costs excluding fuel were up 3.4% for the quarter, which was 110 basis points better than guidance. This was mainly due to the timing of shipboard project that will be carried out in the second half of the year. Now I would like to update you on what we are seeing in booking environment. Overall, while there are always puts and takes at the product level, the back half of the year is shaping up about as we had expected when we provided guidance three months ago. We are seeing a nice year-over-year improvement in the Caribbean pricing, record deals in Europe and an extremely favorable reaction to Quantum's arrival in China. Our book load factors in APDs are meaningfully higher than same time last year for the back half of the year. Despite our overall capacity increase, we have significantly fewer staterooms left to sell than at this point last year. This will translate into better pricing on future business. The Caribbean is our largest single product group representing 44% of 2015 capacity. As you will remember, the Caribbean was extremely promotional for most of last year and into Q1 of this year. We're now in a very different pricing environment from these itineraries, in fact, trends have been a little bit better that we were experiencing even a few months ago. And we have slightly increased our overall Caribbean revenue expectation. Prices on new Caribbean bookings have been well above last year for some time and have been exceeding 2013 levels for the past six weeks. This trend is clearly benefiting close-in sales but will be particularly beneficial to the fourth quarter where load factors are up significantly versus same time last year and rates on book business also worked nicely. European itineraries represent about 22% of our overall 2015 capacity. Our Western Mediterranean itineraries continue to attract strong demand and prices exceeding last year's levels. Prices and demand for lower the Seas in Barcelona and Rome have more than substantiated our decision to put in Oasis class ship in Europe for the full summer season. And we look forward to welcoming her sister ship Harmony of the Seas to Europe when she debuts next summer. Expectations for the Eastern Mediterranean product on the other hand are softer than our previous forecast as booking levels were further affected during recent events in the region. Although demand is now back to typical levels, pricing is a bit lower than we were previously expecting for this high-yielding product. Our most significant capacity growth in 2015 is in the Asia-Pacific region. Employment in Asia and Australia is increasing by about 33% year-over-year with the most significant growth occurring in China which is now more than 95% booked. Quantum of the Seas has been in China for just over a month and is commanding yields that are far superior to other vessels. Validating our decision to send Quantum this year and her sister ship Ovation of the Seas, Tianjin next summer. Most of our other itineraries including Alaskan Bermuda are trending in line with our expectations. Our Latin America business operated by our Pullmantur brand has been significantly softer than we had expected. As you know the economies of Latin America have struggled recently and their economies have significantly weakened. Thus, all these itineraries only account for a small portion of our capacity; they have struggled to attract quality demand. For the back half of the year, we expect yields to be up more in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter. While there are a number of factors contributing to the strong fourth quarter growth, the key drivers are the additions of the high-yielding Quantum and Anthem of the Seas robust year yield growth in the Caribbean, and shifts in capacity from lower to higher yielding itinerary. We also have medium capacity growth in the Asia-Pacific region in the fourth quarter, with Quantum of the Seas delivering our first winter China product. Also, we have a full quarter of Asia-based Voyager of the Seas which was an extended 35 day dry-dock in Q4 of last year. All of these shifts, when taken together, provide strong tailwinds to Q4 yields. It is still relatively early in the sailing cycle for 2016, but we are encouraged by our progress. Our APDs and load factors for Q1 are well ahead of last year with the Caribbean showing particular strength. While it's still too early to provide specific guidance, we do expect nice yield growth next year. In summary, our booking environment and the cadence by quarter is as expected for the back half of the year. Taking into account all we just told you, I would now like to summarize our updated guidance for the full year in third quarter. If you turn to slide three, you will see our updated guidance for the full year 2015. Net revenue yields are expected to increase in the range of 2.9% to 3.9% versus previous guidance of up to 2.5% to 4%. Our strong revenue performance in Q2 as well as our solid book position of over 94% has helped us mitigate the lower end of the previous range and raise our midpoint accordingly. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be better than flat. We made a slight adjustment to previous guidance driven by further expected investments and marketing initiatives to drive additional first-time cruisers and see 2015 business. Since our April earnings call, the dollar has weakened 1.9% versus our basket of currencies and fuel costs have also declined creating a tailwind to earning. As a result, our earnings for the year are being increased by approximately $0.15 due to currency and fuel, while our revenue strength in Q2 is being reinvested in marketing to help further strengthen our book position in 2016, which looks favorable at this early stage. Our fuel costs for the year have decreased slightly to $818 million, driven mainly by rate and we're 53% hedged for the remainder of 2015 at a price of $630 per metric ton. Based on current fuel prices, interest rates and currency change rates, we are raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance to be between $4.65 and $4.75 for the year. Now I would like to walk you through our third-quarter guidance on slide four. Our deployment mix shift substantially in Q3, we have 42% of our capacity in Europe, 25% in the Caribbean, 11% in China, and 9% in Alaska. The quarter is booked nicely ahead at same time last year both in APD and load factor. And we expect a net yield increase in the range of 3.5% to 4%. Net cruise excluding fuel are expected to be down in the range of 1% to 1.5%. And we have included $210 million of fuel expense for the quarter. Taking all of this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be approximately $2.70 for the quarter. With that, I will ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel.
Steven Wieczynski: So the Caribbean clearly is firming up. And I don't think you can quantify this but maybe more from a quantitative perspective. I was wondering how much of that closing pricing the strength in closing pricing you can tie to your better frontloading practices which has started to implement last year? And then I guess also how do you plan to attack the frontloading again this year in the upfront discounting as we move into the back part of this year for 2016? Thanks
Richard Fain: Hi, Steve thanks for the questions. In terms of the Caribbean itself, clearly us having a better book position going into the quarter helped us improve pricing because you went through the quarter. I just think that overall by worsening better demand especially on the short product. For the Caribbean which is leading us to those better results.
Adam Goldstein: Yeah and Steve, I think your question on the philosophy, I think in general we think that it's helpful to have more enhance. It takes pressure off of the last-minute bookings, if it's in with our objective of trying to be more consistent on our pricing. And I think that there's probably one thing that frustrates the travel agents that we work with as much as anything else is those late last-minute discounts. And we can't afford to frustrate them. And so, by getting more on the books early, we're in a better position to adjust our pricing on the later bookings and get a more level kind of pricing policy. So I think philosophically, you've seen it this year, you'll see it again next year, where we are trying to get more in hands earlier on.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, great. And then second question around 2016, you gave some pretty good early color there. And I know this is a year - there were clearly some moving items that folks didn't properly account for when they were modeling out their respective quarters. And as we look into 2016, are there any big picture items that you would point out today that you want folks to be thinking of as a start to get more focused on next year?
Adam Goldstein: Well, Steve, I think the cadence of the quarters will generally be the same. I think that the things that I would point out specifically is that we do take delivery in the second quarter next year for Harmony and for Ovation. Ovation will take a similar journey that Quantum took over to Tianjin. So that will have a similar impact, but I think there's also the need to account for Harmony who will come in the second quarter and then will be sailing out of the Mediterranean.
A - Michael Bayley: And, Steve, just - this is Michael. Just to add that Harmony will be operating out of Barcelona in the Mediterranean, but also Allure will be returning to the Caribbean. So we'll have some fantastic product in the Caribbean.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate it.
A - Michael Bayley: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Rennardson from Jefferies.
Ian Rennardson: Yeah. Good afternoon, everyone. Just on this extra marketing, could you quantify the amount and what specifically you are aiming to do with that please?
Richard Fain: Hi, Ian. It's really a modest incremental amount on marketing. And, again, we are in a good book position for the future. And I think we're just looking for opportunity to expand that base and we think we can do that through spending a little bit additional money on marketing. But it's not in any specific market, it's more general, and again, it's modest.
Ian Rennardson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good morning. Richard and Jason, you either can choose who want to take this. But I'm just having a tough time reconciling the comments that the back half is expected with the comments that the Caribbean looks like it's coming in a bit better than expected . And because of what you're seeing you are expanding your discounting policy now out 40 days. It just seems to me that with your business improving - with the business that might've improved incrementally, you might have been talking about the second half in a little bit of a different way. So while I'm always in favor of conservatism I was just hoping if you could help me reconcile that.
Richard Fain: Well, it's always good to know that your favor of conservatism, Felicia. I think the way I would put it into perspective and I try to address it in my commentary that we're definitely seeing strong demand coming from the Caribbean and as I commented, we would actually - the back half of the year is better for the Caribbean in our current thinking. But that is helping really offset some weakening in the Eastern Mediterranean and Pullmantur which is been struggling in Latin America mainly in Mexico and somewhat also in Brazil. So again, we always see these puts and takes within our environment which is why we kind of manage this portfolio of products and brands and that in itself balances out the back half of the year.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. That's helpful, thank you. And then just maybe I'm splitting here but if you look at your occupancy in the quarter it was about 20 basis points lower year-over-year, so I was just wondering if that was a function of some of the new policies that you have implemented and you're on board continue to grow nicely with perhaps lower people onboard, less people on board perhaps so if you could just talk about how you drove your on-boards as well? Thanks.
Richard Fain: Yeah, actually it really is very much on the margins. The price integrity piece is a small piece of it. Also in the quarter we feel we had one cancelled sailing which was higher occupancy sailing that also affected a little bit but it really is on the margins in terms of what affected the load factor for the period.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And but just getting through the bookings, I mean, can you just elaborate a little bit more about the programs that you've implemented or perhaps stimulate some demand despite the FX headwinds?
A - Michael Bayley: Hi, Felicia its Michael. Yes, I think we kind of caught on to this quite quickly in the first quarter so we implemented some commercial actions fairly quickly that included the bundling of value adds, not only in the ticket price in terms of the promotional activity that we put into the marketplace such as beverage included et cetera, as well as encouraging the pre-purchase of various onboard products and services, specifically beverage, short excursion specialty restaurant in local currency and we put more energy behind the promotion and the marketing of that into the international markets, because that was our area of more concern. And, obviously, while it's still early, our tactics have been received well and helping us mitigate any further risk, so we feel quite good about the actions that we've taken. It's important to note that we still anticipate yield increases in onboard revenue this year and it will be the fourth year in a row where we see those increases. And we've also seen some stars such as Voom, the fastest internet at sea that we have with Royal Caribbean International. We put a lot of energy behind the promotion of Voom, the fastest internet at sea, and we've seen a considerable uptake in how many people are participating and purchasing Voom.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. That was helpful.
Richard Fain: Felicia, its Richard here. And it's just might worth - might be worth adding, Michael referred into the bundling. And I think, again, philosophically speaking, that is a growing trend. We're seeing more - we're doing more of that and that does sometimes tend to cause a little confusion on the numbers, because things can shift between ticket revenue and onboard revenue. But we're releasing a desire on the part of our guests and very much on the parts of the travel agents who find it is a much better way to present something, much better way to sell it if it's all included in the package. And we started that last year. You saw the 123 go at Celebrity. This year a big shift probably one of the more dramatic shifts on Celebrity with our Go Big Better Best program. And these are in fact moving us to an even more inclusive packaging and we think that gets us more net revenue and happier guests, happier travel agents. So I think we will probably see more of that as we go forward.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Scholes from SunTrust.
Patrick Scholes: Hi, good morning. Have you seen any of your competitors following suit on the holding the line on last minute discounting?
Michael Bayley: Hi. Patrick, it's Michael. We are really focused on what we're doing and we're paying a lot of attention to the feedback that we get from travel partners, distribution and of course, our customers. So we feel really positive about the actions that we took back in March and we are feeling good about the direction that it is heading for us.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. I'll leave it at that. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Hardiman from Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman: Hi. Good morning. Couple of clarifications here, Richard, as you talk about the bundling of certain traditionally onboard items into the ticket price, can you help us figure out how exactly you guys are accounting for those? Is the entirety of that still going to be counted in onboard? It seems like there from the consumer's perspective there might be some blurring of the lines but how should we think about what has traditionally been on board being put in the ticket prices and how we should expect that the show up in your numbers?
Jason Liberty: Hi, James its Jason. In terms of the bundling it really kind of depends on the program itself. And as we've commented in the past which is why we really guide on a net revenue yield side depending on the offer, it could be recorded into onboard revenue or ticket revenue. So it's - all I would say is that there's probably we'll create more variability between those two lines but again I think that's why you're consistently see us guide on the overall revenue picture.
James Hardiman: Got it. And then just another clarification here, you talked about the price integrity policy being a negative in the short-term. Just to clarify, is that a comment on the occupancy being negative by itself or is that the net impact of pricing in occupancy that's currently negative and if so, when do you think that goes from being a negative to hopefully being a positive? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Yes, the main impact is on occupancy because what happens is if you can do these last-minute discounts, these big last-minute discounts you end up with a few empty cabins and so you offer these extraordinary discounts that allows you to fill up at the end. And if you take away that tool, which is essentially what we've done, then you will lose some of those people, obviously. The reason we believe there is an offset, which is that we get a more consistent than higher-priced during the period. At this stage, those numbers are really quite small. So we're not suggesting that's a major driver of this. But it is there and it is hurting us in the short-term. And I think that we will feel that for some time well into 2016. And - but we think the long-term benefit, and I really do want to emphasize, the benefit isn't just that we will illuminate these people who say let's wait to book at the low price. It's really very important to the branding. It's hard to set yourself out as we are a brand that is high-quality and high respect in the industry. And you can have us for half-price. So the ability to maintain your image as a higher quality product, which really has to permeate everything you do, is probably a big driver, as big a driver of our thinking is anything else.
James Hardiman: That's really helpful. And maybe just a quick follow-up on that last point. I don't know if you've been able to do any consumer research on - for the psychology of this pricing program. Is there any evidence that tells you that the customer that hasn't bought because prices didn't come down at the last minute, that they are just waiting for those prices to come down and when they don't will ultimately buy a cruise or is there a chance that you've lost that customer longer term?
Jason Liberty: Well, there's no question that some people do wait to the end. Again, I really want to emphasize, in terms of quantitative analysis, we're just starting on this policy we have three or four months under our belt. And I think it's something we will continue to look at closely, but we're pretty confident, we have been in the business for a long time, our revenue people understand the dynamics of that, and I think we feel pretty confident that the direction we are going will be well received and will help both in the long run on the revenue side but also on the branding side.
James Hardiman: Got it. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Conder from Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Conder: Thank you. First of all, just taking the approach of during the period of strength to implement this policy is key, so kudos on that part. A couple clarifications, one, the marketing, how much of that is skewed towards building earlier your North American source passenger base? And then, secondly, in Asia, if you can maybe - I don't know if you can just put it into those two buckets. Second question comes from Celebrity versus the Royal Caribbean International brand performance, how that's looking year-to-date and for the year especially in Europe. And then Pullmantur, you call that out specifically, how much of the drag there has been demand versus euro being the functional currency and then Jason just remind us of the pending accounting change later on this year with Pullmantur?
Richard Fain: On the marketing side, Tim, I think first, again, just to point out, it's a very small amount of money and we said we are really trying to apply it to further expand a very good book of business we have today for the future and specifically for 2016. So the spread of it is not necessarily key western Asia. It's more to further accelerate our position and get at the very small amount of money. I will just take a real quick on in terms of the pending accounting change as we said it's something that is and will continue to be under consideration in terms of the timing of when we make that change. For us we need to make sure the processes and the systems are in place before we close at two-month lag with Pullmantur. But we will certainly advise the timing when we implement that.
Tim Conder: Okay.
Richard Fain: I just answered the - in the Pullmantur your question on the demand versus the impact of the euro. It's both. The demand has been a real problem, but so has the currency. And in this case, the currency that's hurting us isn't so much the euro it's more the Latin American currencies. So the euro has deteriorated versus the dollar but in Latin America, in Brazil, in Argentina, in Ecuador and Colombia etcetera we are looking at closer to 25% kind of drops. So it is both the economy and the currency which is not what we were hoping to see at this point. And then Tim just to comment on Celebrity versus Royals performance in Europe. I mean, I think as you know, we basically kind of comment on the market and product as a whole but they are both doing well in Europe. The strength of having a lower there and having Anthem is definitely a nice tailwind for Royal and the European season for us.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then finally gentlemen, on the bundling for the international market that you've been doing and appears to be helping out there, is that bundle fully commissionable to travel agents or is it only the ticket component of that bundle?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Tim, it's Michael. There's really two types of bundling, there's the bundling that goes through in a promotion through the distribution channel which becomes commissionable unless it's obviously a direct booking. And then, there's the bundling that we've been doing in - and the selling of pre-cruise direct to our customers, which of course is - in that case is not commissionable.
Tim Conder: Okay. Thanks for the clarification there.
Michael Bayley: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. To questions. One is, one of the nice things here in the release was that China drove some of the close-in and bookings and I guess you really kind of think of that as being sold through charters so far in advance that may be you wouldn't benefit from close out strength. It would just be the agent that had chartered it. So I wonder if you could kind of just give a little color around how you're getting the benefit of that close in.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Robin, it's Michael. It's - that's correct. A lot of our distribution and sales goes through the larger retailers, but we've also started to move a little bit further into FIT and individual sales and bookings as a brand, so we're seeing some benefit because those changes that we implemented about a year or so ago.
Robin Farley: Great. And then, just a housekeeping thing, looking at your capacity guidance. It looks like it's just that - you actually go out a couple of years, it looks like your capacity growth in 2017 is a little bit lower and in 2018 is a little higher, is that just - and you don't have anything getting delivered that would be late so is it a dock or something that you didn't expect in 2017 that's shifting out a little bit?
Michael Bayley: Well, 2017, there are no new ships being delivered in that year so the capacity increase is really related to fall over of Harmony and Ovation which comes in 2016. That's really what drives the lower capacity amount, and in 2018, we do have always Oasis 4 coming in.
Robin Farley: And just to clarify, I understand you don't have delivery in 2017 and I know the increase is from the carryover but it's actually versus your guidance a quarter ago, it's not a full percentage point but it's a lower rate of increase not just lower versus 2015 but lower versus your previous for 2017, so I'm just wondering what had changed?
Michael Bayley: Well, I think one thing that I can think of that has changed, which is Splendour of the Seas was sold to Thomson Cruises and that ship leaves our fleet in 2016.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. That's probably it. And then just the last thing is, especially given Richard's opening comments about variances and guidance and things shifting, I'm just curious why take the 10 basis points off the top of your full year range given that it's a range and that's not a huge difference at the top end of the range. I'm just wondering if there's something in particular that made you want to just take those 10 basis points off the top?
Michael Bayley: Yes, it's more, Robin, that typically at this point of the year obviously we have, as we talked about in the call, we have over 94% of our revenue on the books. We typically have 100 basis point range around the midpoint of our guidance and so that's really what set the 2.9% to 3.9%.
Robin Farley: This really is - it's more that you just have at this point. Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Michael Bayley: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kent from Goldman Sachs.
Laura Conigliaro: Good morning. This is Laura stepping in for Steve this morning. So I was just wondering it seems that the pricing integrity program negatively impact your 2Q 2015 earnings are looking consumers getting retrained. But the closing demand was still very strong in the Caribbean. Could you just parse out that dynamic for us so with the closing demand would have been stronger if you didn't have that pricing integrity program? And then my second question was just on China as we try to understand that mix shift what sort of pricing premium does that market get and are you seeing any kind of cannibalization there? Thank you.
Richard Fain: On the price integrity side, first off as we the price integrity program really addresses certain products that are 10, 20, 30 days out and where we saw strength in the second quarter was really the short Caribbean product which typically the late booking product anyways and that's kind of what drove the strength in the second quarter. So it's not necessarily, as we talked about the price integrity program in itself with the balance for the year was a very small negative impact to our revenue that we had communicated on our last call. And so if we do see strong closing demand especially in the short product that will drive it and then obviously we get guests who will pay the price out there that will also benefit our revenue relative to our expectations.
Richard Fain: Hi. On the question with regards to China premiums, I think we don't really go into details on premiums but we're obviously very happy with the performance of our China products this year in 2015 in the market and I think bringing Quantum into Shanghai has proven to be very successful. It's been exceptionally well-received and I guests are having a phenomenal time and our trade partners are really happy with the quality of that product in the market. So we're seeing the kind of premiums that you would expect to get when you put a brand-new asset of that quality into the marketplace
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Badishkanian from Citigroup.
Greg Badishkanian: Great. Thanks. Just pointing to your opening earmarks where you mentioned you expect nice yield growth next year. And that does seem to be the general consensus from other cruise lines based on public comments that are out there. What do you think is that really the key driver for those short bookings and even pricing for 2016? And then, as we progress throughout 2015 into early 2016 is there any dynamic that you would - that you can see that would reverse that? Has everyone pulled forward demand? It doesn't seem like that's the case, but is there anything that we should think about as we get into 2016?
Richard Fain: Hi, Greg. First off, it's very early in the bookings cycle for 2016 and I think what you're seeing is us just continuing to build on a quality book of business. Clearly, the strength in the Caribbean which has a further out booking window is quite helpful. But, again, it is very early and what we know is the patterns that we are seeing is, it's good on the load factor basis and good on a rate basis and that's encouraging for next year. There is a lot of things that could happen that could reverse that position, right, because this is a global business but at this point in time those are the trends that we are seeing and that basically kind of what supports the commentary that we provided.
Greg Badishkanian: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Richard Fain: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harry Curtis from Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Good morning, everyone. My first question is on your outlook for capacity growth in the traditional markets, Europe and the Caribbean for next year?
Richard Fain: Is it just more of what we are expecting or?
Harry Curtis: I'm sorry, what kind of supply growth do you expect in each of those two markets next year versus this year?
Richard Fain: Well, I think in terms of the Caribbean and Europe you will see very small increases in our capacity for next year. You will see most of the capacity going into the Asia Pacific market with Ovation and the full year of Quantum of the Seas. But you will see marginal growth for the Caribbean in Europe in 2016 based off of our current deployment that has been published.
Harry Curtis: And then overall what are your expectations industry-wide?
Richard Fain: I think on the industry side I would - I expect it to be higher than we're putting in there, there are some competitors that are having some additional capacity in there. Europe I think will be up slightly and Asia will certainly be up with the entry of some of our competitor ships in there going into 2016.
Harry Curtis: And have you got any additional thoughts on the Caribbean?
Richard Fain: I'm sorry, sir one more time?
Harry Curtis: Have you gotten any original - do you have any incremental thoughts on the Caribbean for next year?
Richard Fain: I'm sorry. I do expect the Caribbean to be up probably low to mid-single digits next year which is quite a bit higher than what we're going to have in the Caribbean for next year.
Harry Curtis: Okay. My second question is, if you could discuss the visibility that you have from your travel partners in China next year particularly as you bring the Ovation and are you feeling optimistic that you will have similar kind of demand trends and occupancies?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Harry its Michael. Yes, we are optimistic. And I think Quantum has really done a great job for Royal Caribbean in terms of how people have perceived that product and Royal Caribbean in general. So the reception that we have from Quantum has really added impetus for Ovation. And we're seeing that in terms of the kind of bookings that we are already seeing in 2016 for Ovation. So we feel quite optimistic about performance in China in 2016.
Harry Curtis: Can you give us how well booked you are for 2016 thus far?
Richard Fain: No.
Harry Curtis: Thank you.
Richard Fain: Thanks for trying, Gary.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Simkins from Credit Suisse.
Joel Simkins: Yeah. Hey, good morning, guys. I wanted to start with Cuba here. I just wanted to get your sense on how you think this is ultimately going to shape out over the next couple of years. Some of your peers are starting to make some early efforts in that market and I guess - as it fully opens up how quickly could you be down there and could you see direct meaningful capacity in, let's say, 2017 to that opportunity?
Adam Goldstein: Hi, it's Adam. Well, clearly we're excited about the potential opportunity that Cuba presents. Anything that we do and hopefully anything that anyone else does has to be within the confines of the law. As you can imagine, we're actively planning and preparing to incorporate Cuba into our cruise program to the extent that were permitted. We think we have a lot of things going for us as a company at RCL in terms of our track record of delivering quality destination experiences, the way we've demonstrated the ability to create win-win relationships all around the world, our history of operating above and beyond compliance, all of that we think will bode well for us there. We have many brands and a large fleet, and therefore quite a number of different operate opportunities to participate in the Cuba opportunity when it opens up. As you can imagine, our normal course of action would be to announce any plans when they're firmed out before. But we are very enthusiastic about the prospects we've all been waiting a long time and we feel like things are beginning to develop in an exciting manner.
Joel Simkins: And one quick follow up in China. I know, obviously, we're still very much early days there, but as you continue to develop these relationships with consumers in that market, and get them signed up in your databases et cetera. Are you starting to see any signs of, let's say, outbound enquiry or demand as these consumers looks to perhaps maybe stay with you in Europe for instance?
Michael Bayley: Hi. Joe, it's Michael. Yes, I mean, we are seeing that. We think that's one of the opportunities. It's not of particular focus at the moment but we certainly recognize it's a significant opportunity over time. That outbound market is significant and we do see an increase in our plan to products certainly into Europe and to the West Coast. So, yes, we think that's a good opportunity.
Joel Simkins: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Assia Georgieva from Infinity Capital.
Assia Georgieva: Good morning. This is Assia. Congratulations on great Q2 results.
Richard Fain: Thank you.
Assia Georgieva: And just one quick question, close-in your pricing seems to be doing quite a bit better despite [indiscernible] and all the other concerns that we've had over the macro economy. I don't know Richard, Michael, anyone would you like to comment on what you're seeing?
Michael Bayley: Hi, it's Michael. You know we've seen this in the past. Europe can be a fickle market at times and there is all of these different variables that come into play in the different European market depending upon what's occurring at the time. We think that Greek situation we did see a slight dip during the whole Greek events and I think that caused the slowdown a little bit. Generally, in terms of the Europeans, and then it all started to come back again. So I think it's just ebb in the flow of the psychology of the marketplace.
Richard Fain: Just to add to that, Assia, also we've commented in the past, we entered the - the European seasons are very strong book of business. And that really has left less inventory on the table for the European consumer which we also believe is also a nice tailwind to the closing pricing that we are seeing within that environment.
Assia Georgieva: Thank you, Jason and thank you Michael. It seems that things have actually turning out pretty well as opposed to what expectations would have been.
Richard Fain: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan McKenzie from Buckingham Research.
Dan McKenzie: Hi, good morning, thanks guys. I believe Royal has been trailing a premium cabin space on the Core Royal brands on enhanced cruise experience and enhanced service levels for a price. I'm wondering if you can share any of the early findings? And then secondly how would you characterize the revenue opportunities looking ahead, is this a smaller in size or could it perhaps be material?
Michael Bayley: Hi, Dan its Michael. I think you may be referring to the Royal suite class program that we have - we are about to introduce. We haven't introduced it yet. We're going to roll that out literally in the coming six to seven weeks and its focus very much on inventory in 2016 from spring forward. And that's really part of our focus on segmenting the market segmenting our distribution and making sure that we can provide the kind of product that we think people are willing and able to pay a premium for. So we do have plans on generating an increase in yield in our premium accommodations through the introduction of Royal suite class. That's the program that we are introducing. Celebrity has had the suite-class in place now I guess for about a year and a quarter, a year and an half. And I think they found out to be quite successful in terms of offering the kind of premium space with a premium on it. The people are certainly willing and able to pay for it. As long as you can bundle the right products and services into that category. We are looking at other categories within the Royal fleet and we think there are further opportunities there.
Dan McKenzie: Okay. Thank you that's helpful. And then, I appreciate oil has collapsed relative to a year ago, but looking further into the future, has Royal make any investments in the biofuel area and from an engineering standpoint is that just simply too complicated or expensive? And I guess, I am beginning to see the airline industry go that direction. But then, related to that how has hedge book changed looking ahead through 2018?
Adam Goldstein: Hi. It's Adam. I'll answer the first part. You may not remember, but once upon a time about 8 to 10 years ago we believe the Royal Caribbean was his angle largest user of biodiesel in the world at that time in any industry. We really were robust and our thinking about the potential than, but as it happened over time for a whole series of different reasons, the attractiveness of using the products and services trended away. One of which was that the tax benefit that went to the producer of biodiesel was not passed on at all to the end user such as ourselves and we couldn't sustain any economic benefit of the use there. Also we're - it was a little bit rough on the ships at that time, because it was such an immature industry and I could go on, but I won't. So we don't see at the moment the opportunity to resume that kind of usage. We have been tremendously successful with finding ways of consuming less fuel to get from point A to point B with a whole host of programs. We've got more successful at purchasing fuel and of course our hedging program over time, it's been a great benefit to the company as well. And there's still a lot of opportunities in those areas before we would consider a significant use of bio-fuel on our ship. And just a comment on our hedge portfolio, which is also outlined in our release. We have increased our position going out. Next year we are 65% hedged and 60% hedged and then 40% and then 10% over the coming years. So we're looking to try to take advantage of this low fuel price environment to help walk in the future.
Dan McKenzie: Thanks for the times, guys.
Adam Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question comes from Laura Starr from Nuveen Asset Management.
Laura Starr: Hi, guys. How are you? So as more and more people pay upfront for all these packages whether it's beverages or the dining, are you thinking about what you sell them when they come onboard when they a lot more money, are you thinking about changing what you sell in the stores, adding spa options or classes or different entertainment? I mean I know this is something that would work out over the next couple of years, but are you thinking about that now?
Michael Bayley: Yes, hi, Laura. It's Michael. It's a good point and yes, it's absolutely what we see. So once they pre-purchase the package or whatever the service are that they pre-purchase everybody seems to forget the pre-purchased and then when they come onboard, they bring more dollars or euros or what have you to spend and it does provide more opportunity. I mean in many cases they simply consume and purchase many of the products that we have onboard. But if you think about really all of our brands particularly Royal and celebrity over the past few years, we've been through quite an extensive process of revitalization. We have added multiple retail units, we've enhanced many of the different services, and we've transformed a lot of the products that we sell on board and in many cases to higher-margin products. So that evolution I think is in place and we're quite cognizant of it.
Laura Starr: Okay. But there's nothing else new on the horizon that you can talk about now that would be maybe bigger incremental giving them to spend?
Michael Bayley: Well, one of the things that we're immensely proud of in which only Royal Caribbean has of course is Boom which is the fastest Internet of Sea and that is something that we think we have a significant advantage over and certainly for families with kids. If you've got kids and they come on board and they want to connect and they want to do streaming, they want to play video games we're the only cruise line that they can do that with because of the significant advantage of Boom and that's something that we're seeing certainly in the revenues is generating today as a further opportunity.
Laura Starr: And can you prepay for that Internet right now too?
Michael Bayley: Yes, you can.
Laura Starr: Okay, thanks. Thank you.
Michael Bayley: Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Thank you for your assistance, Kaila, with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Laura will be available for any follow-up questions you might have and I wish you all a very great day.
Operator: This is the end of today's call. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason Liberty - CFO  Richard Fain - Chairman, CEO Michael Bayley - President & CEO, Royal Caribbean International
Analysts: Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Robin Farley - UBS  Harry Curtis - Nomura James Hardiman - Wedbush Securities Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Jaime Katz - Morningstar Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 2015 first-quarter earnings conference call.  [Operator Instructions].  Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jason Liberty, Chief Financial Officer. You may begin your conference.
Jason Liberty: Good morning, I would like to thank you for joining us today for our first-quarter earnings call. Joining me here from the spectacular Anthem of the Seas, are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Laura Hodges, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call we will be referring to a few slides which have been posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements which is on our first slide. During this call we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risk and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Also we will be discussing non-GAAP financial measures which are adjusted as defined and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview the business. I will follow up with a recap of our first-quarter results, provide an update on the booking environment, and then provide an update on our full-year and second-quarter guidance for 2015. We will then open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Jason, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. As always, it is a pleasure to provide color on the progress we are making and I do appreciate your interest. As Jason mentioned, we are talking to you from onboard Anthem of the Seas, Royal Caribbean International's newest vessel, and I have to say she is an absolute marvel. All of the industry firsts that were introduced on Quantum of the Seas are equally as dramatic onboard her sister ship, Anthem. The wows span every spectrum from technology with the fastest Internet bandwidth in the industry to entertainment with dynamic activities like RipCord by iFLY to dining featuring partnerships with renowned chefs such as Jamie Oliver. While all of the attributes I mentioned create a powerful experience for our guests, the most impressive feature of Anthem of the Seas is her crew. The ship is truly a marvel, but the men and women who produce such a wonderful vacation for so many are truly an inspiration to us all. And the result of all that this is that the ship is quite profitable and produces strong returns. Quantum in New York has been amazingly well received. Anthem in the UK has also been attracting disproportionately high pricing. And the bookings for Quantum in China are nothing less than heartwarming. All in all this class of ship is proving to be a terrific investment and well worth all the effort that went into designing and building her. The profitability of our new ships, coupled with the power of our family of brands, is enabling us to deliver step change performance again in 2015. On our last earnings call we were pleased to report that earnings for 2014 were up 40% over the previous year. We were then pleased to give guidance that projected a further 40% increase in our earnings this year. Unfortunately the currency markets have not cooperated and, as a result of the weakness in Sterling, Aussie dollars, Euros, etc., we now expect 34% earnings growth year over your. Not quite 40% but definitely not bad. Our consistent focus remains solidly on the Double-Double program and we remain committed to achieve the 2017 goals of double-digit ROIC and double our record 2014 profitability. Now there will always be ebbs and flows in our business and we don't see this year as any different. Last year the story revolved around a weak Caribbean and a strong euro. This year the Caribbean is strong but foreign currencies are weak. When you remove the clutter the common denominator is our performance. The fundamentals of our business are intact and we continue to deliver on the plans we have communicated, in particular those embodied in our Double-Double program. And we are taking specific steps that I'd like to comment on to ensure the success of that program. Our new ships, the upgrading of our older ships and the strengthening of our brand positioning are all helping us drive better returns. Similarly, our investment in China and the Asia-Pacific region are paying handsome dividends. In just 2 weeks Quantum of the Seas leaves for China where she will join our 3 other ships in that market. Royal Caribbean International is already seen as the preeminent brand in China. And Quantum helps secure that position further. China now represents 6% of our capacity but at a higher percentage of our profitability. And we have recently announced that Ovation of the Seas will move to that market next year. Another specific step we are taking relates to price integrity. Here we have moved on 2 fronts to improve the reliability and the consistency of our pricing model. As previously described, we have extended our booking curve by opening deployments earlier, by starting marketing sailings earlier and by enhancing our yield management systems. The objective is to fill our ships earlier and reduce the number of state rooms we have to fill closer in. With fewer staterooms to fill at the last minute there is less need to offer the kind of drastic last-minute discounts that are so disruptive. That approach has been working and is amply demonstrated by our higher book load factors and our higher APDs. But more recently we have adopted policies designed specifically to deal with the last-minute discounts that are so disruptive to the system. I am referring specifically to the special discounts offered in the last days before sailing, often at significant discount. Now these may represent only a small percentage of our business, but their influence is more significant. They upset many of our most loyal customers by creating an uncertainty about the prices that they pay. They cause headaches for our travel agency partners who don't know what price they should rely on and they undermine our brand image. As a result, in March we adopted a new policy that we would not do any last-minute discounts on bookings in North America. Depending on the type of cruise that last-minute may be 10, 20, or 30 days out. But from that point on we will hold our price at the prior level. Obviously this may cost us some bookings in the short-term and our guidance reflects that. But we believe that the long-term advantage for our brands is worth the small short-term cost. Over time we think this will lead to happier guests, happier agents and better branding. The only exception to this rule is for very short-term cruises, i.e. 2 to 4 nights where last-minute bookings is more a reflection of the decision process. Lastly, I'd like to comment on one of the other foundations of our business and that is our cost structure. Achieving the Double-Double goals requires a strong cost posture and I am impressed with the cost leadership that our brands have demonstrated over the last few years. Although we originally guided towards a good expense control in 2015, the further reduction in our cost guidance is more evidence of our consistent and determined efforts to identify and deliver efficiencies throughout the business to ensure we drive strong shareholder returns without impacting our product or investment in our future. With that I will turn it back to you, Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. I will begin by talking about our results for the first quarter. So unless I state differently, all metrics will be in a constant currency basis. Our first-quarter results are summarized on slide 2. The first quarter exceeded our expectations with all metrics above the top end of guidance. We generated earnings of $0.20 per share which exceeded the midpoint of our guidance by approximately $0.08. This outperformance was in spite of a negative $0.05 in earnings impact due to the stronger dollar and in increase in fuel prices relative to our January guidance. Net revenue yields were down 1% for the quarter, which was considerably higher than the top end of the range. The strength in closed in pricing on Caribbean sailings more than offset some weakness in onboard spending from our non-US guests. The majority of our onboard offerings are denominated in US dollars and the significant strengthening of the dollar has slightly weakened the purchasing power of many of our international guests. As a reminder, the revenue and cost per ration change made in the third quarter of 2014 makes Q1 a tougher comparable. So a portion of the revenue for our high yielding New Year sailing was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2014. So under the previous policy these sailings would have been recognized in Q1 of 2015. Yields for the first quarter would have been up slightly were it not for the proration change. The Caribbean, which accounted for 69% of the capacity in our first quarter came in with better revenue yields than we initially expected. So the remaining Q1 inventory was mostly in Australia, Asia and South America. Combined yields for all non-Caribbean itineraries were up low-single-digits. So Q1 was the first full quarter of operations for Quantum of the Seas and yields were exceptionally strong. Quantum sailed a series of the Caribbean and Bahamas itineraries from Cape Liberty and generated premiums similar to our Oasis class vessels and significantly higher premiums compared to the fleet average. Net cruise cost, excluding fuel, was up 0.9%, which was 160 basis points better than the midpoint of guidance. The majority of the favorability is attributed to further efficiencies that are within our non-guest facing areas. It is truly gratifying to see the consistent effort of our shipboard and shore side employees to put forth to identify and implement cost savings. There is no one major initiative or large example that would drive these continued cost savings. It is a thousand little things throughout the business that are continuously identified and then implemented. These savings have allowed us to continue to invest in our product and in growing markets like China, while still keeping costs below the rate of inflation. I am truly proud of the cost culture we have built. Now I would like to update you on what we are seeing in the booking environment. Overall, we have had a good [wave] period with both booking volumes and pricing exceeding last year's levels. As you will recall, we began the year with a higher percent of inventory booked than ever before. This translated into better overall pricing during the wave season which in turn has increased our book to APD premium at the same time last year. At this point booked APDs and load factors are higher relative to same time last year for the full year and in each remaining quarter of 2015. Trends during wave were particularly strong relative to expectations at same time last year for Caribbean itineraries. As previously noted, closed in pricing for Q1 sailings was better than we forecasted. However, our previous guidance already incorporated a much healthier Caribbean pricing environment for Q2 through Q4 sailings when industry capacity returns to more typical levels and our own capacity in the region is down slightly. The strong wave looking period has given us more confidence in our forward-looking assumptions, particularly since we now have a higher portion of Caribbean inventory sold than ever before. Given this level of visibility we continue to expect a low-single-digit yield increase for Q2 to Q4 Caribbean sailings. Moving on to Europe – we have increased our European capacity by about 5% as we are replacing slightly smaller vessels with Anthem of the Seas and Allure of the Seas. Overall we have a solid looking period for Europe sailings with volume slightly down versus 2014, but up significantly compared to other previous wave periods. We are seeing consistently strong booking trends for guests from North America. As a result we now have slightly less inventory left to sell in Europe than at this point last year despite the capacity increase. Western Mediterranean and Baltic itineraries, which account for more than 70% of our European capacity, have been enjoying strong demand at better prices than last year. On the other hand, we have experienced some softness in trends for the Eastern Mediterranean, particularly for the voyages that turn in Turkey. Taking all of this into account, we are still expecting to see record yield in Europe this summer with a year-over-year increase in the mid-single-digits. In the Asia-Pacific region we offer a wide variety of itineraries that range from 3 night sailings tailored to the Chinese market to 18 night Australia/New Zealand sailings that are sourced globally. In 2015 our capacity has jumped from 12% to 15% for this product grouping. While trends vary by itinerary level the Asia product as a whole has been trending quite well. Quantum of the Seas will arrive in China in about 2 months and, as expected, is commanding significant premiums. Quantum's early success, with over 80% of her revenue currently booked for the inaugural China season, provided us with the necessary confidence to place her sister, Ovation of the Seas, into the China market when she debuts in 2016. We continue to expect yield increases in the low- to mid-single-digits for the Asia-Pacific product. Taking into account all we have just told you, I would now like to summarize our guidance for the full year and second quarter. If you turn to slide 3 you will see our updated guidance for 2015. We expect net revenue yields for the year to increase 2.5% to 4% for the full year. The guidance contemplates slightly softer than expected onboard revenue spend from our non-US guests due to a reduction in their purchasing power as a result of the stronger dollar. It also incorporates a moderate reduction in expectations for sailings in the Eastern Mediterranean as well as the close in discounting policy that Richard referred to. Each of these changes are small but the change in our yield the guidance is small. While there are some puts and takes in ticket revenue expectations for – all other itineraries are generally in line with our previous expectations. On the cost front we expect to continue the momentum realized in the first quarter. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be flat to down 1% for the year versus our previous guidance of up 1% or better. Since our January earnings call the dollar has strengthened 3.5% versus our basket of currencies and fuel prices have increased approximately 14%. Together these 2 factors represent a $0.36 headwind to earnings per share. The table on slide 4, which will be in our upcoming 10-Q, ranks the impact of our main currencies to net income by quarter along with our usual sensitivities. This is to enable better modeling on a quarterly basis. Our fuel costs for the year have increased to $834 million from $806 million during our January earnings call. While this is an increase from the previous guidance, fuel costs remain down year-over-year by $104 million. Consumption is down approximately 18,000 tons from previous guidance driven by better-than-expected results from a laundry list of fuel consumption initiatives. We are 52% hedged for the remainder of the year and that is a price of $638 per metric ton. Taking into account all we've just told you, and based on current fuel prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates, we have updated our adjusted earnings per share guidance to be between $4.45 and $4.65 for the year. On slide 5 we have provided guidance for the second quarter. Our capacity in the second quarter shifts significantly versus Q1 and same time last year. 37% of capacity is in the Caribbean, 25% is in Europe, 10% is sailing repositioning cruises and 10% is in both China and Alaska. The quarter is booked nicely ahead of last year in both APD and load factor and we currently expect a yield increase of approximately 3.5%. So I also wanted to mention 2 structural elements going on in Q2. Quantum of the Sea spends the majority of the quarter on a repositioning cruise and the Allure of the Seas will be repositioning to Europe. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be up approximately 4.5% and we have included $213 million of fuel expense for the quarter. The year-over-year increase is mainly related to supporting the growth in China. We expect adjusted earnings per share to be approximately $0.70 for the quarter. Before opening up the call for questions I wanted to just take a moment to comment on our Double-Double goals. These goals are ingrained in our culture and help govern our day-to-day decision-making. While the ongoing volatility in the currency and fuel markets provides its challenges, we remain solidly on track towards these goals. With that I will ask our operator, Brandy, to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from Tim Conder of Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Conder: Thank you. And just a couple things here. One, Jason, I think you mentioned that the Asia yields are expected to be up low- to mid-single-digits. In the past – I know China is just a piece of Asia, but in the past China has been growing at 15%. So maybe help bridge that a little bit. And then secondly, I think you guys had mentioned earlier that you were starting to take some steps to mitigate the onboard exposure of non-dollar-denominated guests. Maybe give us a little bit of color on that progress. And then just the magnitude of your onboard revenues that are exposed to consumers who would have to pay in dollars yet are not dollar denominated as their home currency.
Jason Liberty: Right. Oh, good morning, Tim. I will take the issue question and I will pass it over to Michael to take the onboard one. On the Asia side, which also includes Southeast Asia as well as Australia, we still see the strength with – there is 66% more capacity in China and we still see significant strength happening in the yields, but not at that double-digit level that we had experienced last year, but still very strong. And then the other products are really Southeast Asia, which is a mix of international guests which are basically kind of more on the flattish side. And then Australia, as we talked about, with a lot a capacity that has come into that market, is up slightly. And so, that balance gets you to that mid-single-digit or low- to mid-single-digit range.
Tim Conder: Okay, okay.
Michael Bayley: Hi, Tim, it is Michael. On the question of onboard revenue, we started to see a little bit of softness in the first quarter as it relates to the international guests. And we think that is related to price sensitivity as a result of the degradation of these various currencies. We started to look at pricing actions in US dollar that don't necessarily impact the US customer. And we have had some good fortune with some of the pricing actions that we have taken and we started to change the way that we bundle products and how we are communicating these bundled products into the marketplace, both in the international markets and the US market. It is early days yet, but some of the actions that we have taken we think are proving to be successful in relation to the mitigation for the international.
Tim Conder: And I guess, Michael, just to clarify a little bit more then, so is the consumer's bundle they pay in pounds or Euros correct? But then are you changing anything for the non-bundled portion or are they still paying in US dollars or does that have an opportunity to change also here?
Michael Bayley: Well, pre-cruise they are paying in their local currency. Obviously when they board our ships they are paying in US dollars. So it is the pre-cruise opportunity that we are currently exploring. On the US dollar pricing, the opportunity there is more with our US customers. And just to make one comment, our onboard revenue, even though we have got this slight softness in relation to international guests, we are still heading for a record year as it relates to onboard revenue.
Tim Conder: Okay, okay. Okay, thank you.
Michael Bayley: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes Steve Wieczynski of Stifel. 
Steve Wieczynski: Hey. Good morning, guys. So if you look at your reduction in your yield guidance, and I know you talked about the onboard spend from European or from internationally sourced guests. If that wasn't the case and the dollar was basically unchanged versus where we were 3 months ago, would you have been able to hold your yield guidance?
Jason Liberty: Hi, Steve, it is Jason. Yes, if those factors did not come into play we would have held our yield guidance for the year.
Steve Wieczynski: So nothing has really changed on the pricing side of that? That is what I am really trying to get at.
Jason Liberty: Yes, that is right. And I think an important point on it, Steve, is when we went into our call in January, we had already experienced several weeks of strength in the booking environment. And I think as we commented, that strength was really seen for Q2 through Q4. And what we saw, which was more surprising after the call, is some of those trends to bake themselves into the first quarter. So the trends – the strength of those trends that we have seen outside of the Eastern Mediterranean have really continued forward.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, got you. And then second question – a little bit bigger picture question might be for Richard. But when you look at Australia over the next couple years, there is just a ton of capacity not only from you guys being in there but also your competitors. I guess at the end of the day do you guys feel comfortable enough that that market will be able to absorb the amount of – ? I mean you are looking at basically mid-double-digits kind of capacity growth over the next couple of years.
Richard Fain: Yes, hi, Steve. Actually that is something we have been watching for a while. And I guess I would have to say we have been pleased with how well it has held up over the last several years actually with a large amount of new capacity. I think what has happened and what's giving us some comfort is that we are seeing more and better ships and more and better kinds of itineraries to offer. So it has held up. But as Jason pointed out in the earlier part of it, to some extent when we look at our overall yields in the Pan Asian region, that is offsetting the very strong yields out of China.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Jason, just – I think what would be helpful, you have given us some qualitative reasons why your net yield guidance came down a bit at the midpoint. I was just wondering if maybe you could quantify or help bridge us to the yield reduction. So some was coming from your new yield strategy maintaining prices, some was from the Eastern Med, some is from the FX impact of onboards. Just helping – wondering if you could help us think about the different pieces.
Jason Liberty: Happy to, Felicia. So the way that I would kind of frame it is about – so the – approximately 50 basis point change from Q2 through Q4, which would be the implied change in that range or the midpoint of that range, half of it is really our anticipation on the effect of the non-US guest's spend on the ship. And then the balance of that is a mix of the Eastern Mediterranean and then some impact from the price integrity policy that Richard had referred to. I mean it is really small changes overall.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, thanks. And then on the price integrity side, I know it is early and you are talking about this now, but do you have a sense if your competitors are going to kind of join the party?
Richard Fain: I think we have said that this is the right policy for us independent of anyone else and I think that is really the approach we took in deciding. It was really important to strengthen our brand because in the long run it is our brand that is going to drive our yield improvements. And so, no, I can't comment on anybody else's. But I think I really would emphasize we think this is going to help us out regardless of what anyone else does.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes, it makes sense. Thank you. And then just final question. Jason, as we think through the rest of the year, so the net yield guidance looks a little more back end loaded than we anticipated. Just wondering if you can discuss how having the Quantum and Allure move to revenue generating cruises and then also how the prorating of cruises affects – for the fourth quarter affects your yields in the second half.
Jason Liberty: Sure, thanks, Felicia. So as it relates to the second quarter, Quantum is about to go on a 54 – 55-day voyage from New York to Shanghai. So it really takes up the majority of the second quarter, so that obviously has an impact on the yield because there is – the repositioning of sailings, though they are actually quite good for Quantum relative to other repos are still lower relative to the average. And then you have a lower – it takes several weeks to get over to Europe and that will also happen. And actually she has already left, and that will also take effect on the second quarter. And then to your point, we had about 120 basis points or so of revenue that transferred in from Q1 of 2015 into Q4. And so that, on a year-over-year comp, will make the Q4 comp – if you don't take that out will lead you to it being a higher number.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, helpful. These repositioning cruises, I'm just getting some questions, are they – do you guys make – are they profitable?
Michael Bayley: Yes, Felicia, I can answer that. Yes, they are profitable. I mean I think the kind of deals that we are generating out of the New York market and the Shanghai market are higher than the yields we generate on these long trans-Atlantic/trans-Pacific voyages. So it is quite a journey, 55 days, 3 different segments to Europe through to the Indian Ocean into Singapore and then Shanghai. And those voyages just generate a lower yield than we typically see in New York and Shanghai. But still a good yield and it is profitable – all 3 voyages are profitable. Just to also add to Jason's point, the Allure has actually left on Sunday from Fort Lauderdale on the way to Europe and then goes into a dry dock until May 19 when it starts sailing out of Barcelona. And then it is performing very well in the European market. So we are pleased with what we are saying with Allure in Europe, but it is obviously in dry dock for a couple of weeks.
Q - Felicia Hendrix: Great, thank you so much.
Richard Fain: Felicia, it is Richard, if I could just add a comment because I think as we are looking at these things we recognize this ends up causing a lot of confusion between the quarters. Because as Jason and Michael have said, we have these voyages which are doing less. But when we look in total we are very happy with the way that develops. But it certainly does confuse any given quarter and the second quarter does have, particularly this year, those extra positioning voyages which bring down the average then. And we have taken that into account, we have always had that in our own forecasts.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, thanks for the clarity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: Questions. I wonder if – I know this policy of eliminating the last minute discounting just started in March. But can you comment on how that may have impacted occupancy just in sort of the first 2 weeks in April, just kind of what the early impact of that has been?
Richard Fain: Robin, it's Richard again. No, it is too early for there to have been any measurable impact at this point. And by the way, it has happened to have occurred – the implementation happened to have occurred during a particularly good time for us. So the impact on occupancy was less than it might in another time. And we are going to have to follow this policy in times like now where it maybe doesn't have as much impact, maybe in some other quarters it will have more impact. But we think that getting our customers out of this sort of used car salesman kind of mentality will be overall good for the brand, good for their experience and therefore lead to longer yields in the long run. But so far it is too early for us to see a measurable impact.
Robin Farley: Great, that is helpful, thanks. And then also to follow up on China, because I thought it was interesting that you were sending Ovation there next year before Quantum had even arrived. And in your opening comments you mentioned that you were 80% booked for the accrual season. Can you give us a little bit more color on sort of what – are you seeing the season kind of starting with Quantum's arrival in June? Or how should we think about that 80% kind of versus how far booked in advance your itineraries typically would be. And then also, I assume a lot of what your – when you say 80% booked for the inaugural season, I assume at this point that is to the tour operators. And I am wondering if you know how booked it is at the cruise or at the consumer level.
A - Michael Bayley: Hi, Robin, it's Michael. I am not quite sure I understood the second part of your question. But the first part of your question the answer is for this – for 2015 summer we are 80% sold. We are feeling very confident about where we are with Quantum and 2016 is looking good as well. So one of the reasons we took for Ovation was the fact that we were very confident with what we are seeing with Quantum and that is why we decided to move Ovation there in 2016.
Robin Farley: I guess it was really the comment about 80% for the inaugural season, it sounds like that was just summer. I guess I was thinking about the winter – staying there through the winter since that is maybe kind of a new period for you to be sourcing year round in China. How booked are you for the winter at this point I guess for Quantum in terms of your visibility?
Michael Bayley: I don't have the number in front of me, Robin, but, as I say, from what we are seeing we are confident and it is that confidence that really allowed us to make the decision on Ovation.
Robin Farley: And then the other question that I was asking about, how sold you are, was – is that when you charter a block to a tour operator that it is sold in your – when you think about how booked you are or is it not until the tour operator actually has sold that to a cruise or – few of your sales are direct there? Just trying to make sure I understand when you say that you are sold kind of at what level that is.
Michael Bayley: Yes, I mean when we say we are sold, obviously it is committed sailings where we have gotten money paid for those sailings. So it is really a combination of FIT groups, charters, charter for resale – it is the combination, the blend of all of these things that we have and we have got money deposited for that.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you. That is helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis of Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Hey. Good morning. Wanted to get back to the cost side of things. It sounds to me that, based on comments I am getting back from investors, that the lift in costs in the second quarter caught them a bit off guard. And can you walk us through just sequentially how we go from a modest lift in the first quarter to such a bulge in the second quarter? And then the implied – there has got to be I think an implied decline per berth in the second half of 4% plus. So if you could walk us through those numbers that would be helpful.
Jason Liberty: Hey, Harry, it is Jason. So the way you laid that out I think is the right way where you would see a broader decline in the second half of the year. What is driving the cost increase in Q2 which we alluded to at the latter part of last year as well as in the first quarter, that the investments we were making in China really – the undercurrent for the launch of Quantum is what is driving those costs up. And they would actually be higher than that amount if not for the underlying cost efficiencies that we've identified and have been implementing. And so, once that upfront cost goes away our costs get significantly better in Q3 and in Q4.
Harry Curtis: But how are they upfront costs? Maybe you can explain how those work. In other words, why aren't they reoccurring costs?
Jason Liberty: I didn't call them out to be necessarily recurring. It's if you are launching a ship, for example, when we launched the ship Quantum in the fourth quarter of last year the buildup, the sales and marketing efforts, the set ups of the offices and the campaigning is really what drives those up and they are not. Now sometimes you can see them as being reoccurring. For example, when we launch Ovation next year, we will probably have similar costs for Ovation. But on a like-for-like basis, it is not like we just keep upping the game. As new ship comes up, there is a portion that increases as we add new ships, but it is not proportional to the capacity.
Harry Curtis: So do you pretty much accumulate these costs and then expense them in the quarter that Quantum is started in in China? Or are these – have there been prior quarters where these, say, set up costs have also included some expenses related to the anticipation of the opening?
Jason Liberty: Sure. There is definitely some in the previous quarters. Not necessarily where you kind of build up or hang it up in any way. It is really just that is really where you are spending the kind of core part of that money. And that just happens to be taking place in Q2 as the ship launches, at the very end of Q2 in Shanghai.
Harry Curtis: Okay.
Jason Liberty: There is also obviously costs around repositioning the ship and other things as well that make it a little bit higher than the average during that period.
Harry Curtis: And then my last question is related to the second half as far as bookings are concerned in your traditional markets in the Caribbean and Europe. Can you give us a sense of how well you are booked in the second half in both of those markets?
Jason Liberty: Yes, we don't go in specifically in terms of how we are booked per quarter. But as I commented, we are in a very good book position for Q2 going forward, and that would also be discretely for each quarter. We are in a good book position and at a good rate for the periods, which also gives us confidence. And obviously, in the back half of the year Q2 forward, it implies that you need a higher yield and that is based off of the pricing and book position that we are in.
Harry Curtis: So you feel confident that based on what you have on the books in the Caribbean and Europe in the second half, I mean it looks to us like you are going to need to see north of 5% yield growth to accomplish your goal for the year. And is it fair to say that you feel strongly that your booked position is that strong?
Jason Liberty: Yes. Well, I would – obviously, we would not be giving guidance unless we felt comfortable with it. And I would say the book position, the rates and so forth we feel good about, realizing that's the journey of basically a – close to a mid-digit yield improvement, which includes both ticket and onboard in order to achieve the midpoint of the yield guidance.
Harry Curtis: Okay, thanks, Jason.
Jason Liberty: You got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman of Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman: Hi. Good morning. A couple clarification questions for me. The $0.36 number that you gave in terms of combined fuel and FX, I think that was an absolute number as opposed to an incremental one since the fourth quarter guide. Remind us what that number looked like 3 months ago.
Jason Liberty: So in Q1 we had said relative to the – our guidance in October of last year fuel was a 59 – I'm sorry, currency was a $0.59 bad guy and oil was a $0.55 – $0.54 good guy. And then as – relative to that point, on our January guidance that gets you to $0.36. And a breakdown of approximately is – about $0.16 of that is due to the increase in fuel prices and about $0.20 is due to the strengthening of the dollar relative to our basket of currencies. So you have got to factor those onto the other ones if you wanted to bridge yourself to October.
James Hardiman: Got it, got it.
Richard Fain: So maybe putting it another way, we had given the guidance of $4.75 at the end of January and, if nothing else changed, that number would have dropped by $0.36 as a result of foreign exchange and fuel.
James Hardiman: Got it. Very helpful. And then the onboard issue – obviously you talked about some of the international customers and the currency impact there. I guess looking at it from the other side, are there any benefits to your business from US consumers that might see international travel as more appealing? Obviously not onboard or ticket prices, but pre-and post stays or shore excursions, were there any offsets to what we are seeing on the negative front in terms of the onboard?
Michael Bayley: Hi, James, it is Michael. Yes, I think that is a good observation and that is true. I mean, the strength of the US dollar, the weakness of currencies like the euro makes certainly Europe more attractive for travel. And obviously what we are seeing in the US market is pretty healthy. And so, we are seeing that both in what people are buying, pre-, post-, during and then also what they are willing to spend onboard. So I think that is quite a healthy – I think we feel like we are in a healthy place with the US market so there is some opportunity there.
James Hardiman: Very helpful. And then just last question for me. The Double-Double program, no need to back off of that despite a $0.20 reduction from FX. That would seem to suggest that either you are assuming some normalization of currency, you have built in a significant amount of cushion or you have identified some other opportunities. How should we think about that and how bad would FX and fuel need to get for that Double-Double goal to be in jeopardy? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Well, I'm not going to get into – I mean obviously the mix of whatever happens with currency and fuel can change what could impact that. I think our view is we have obviously a clear commitment toward that Double-Double goal. And as we've said in the past, you need aggressive but achievable yield improvement in order to get it to it. And you need to have good cost control. And I think as you can see in our efforts this year to improve our cost basis, we continue to make movements and actions in order to keep ourselves on that track. And so, we are still very confident in the ability to reach those 2017 goals. Obviously also what we commented on our last call is that we historically have seen a very strong inverse relationship between fuel and currency. That decoupled a little bit in the first quarter, but, as we said, it is not something that is perfect day by day but it generally aligns itself over time. But at this point based on where currency is, where fuel is at and the underlying performance of the business we feel good about the Double-Double program.
James Hardiman: Got it, very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Jason Liberty: Thanks, James.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kent of Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent: Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me? 
Jason Liberty: Yes, we can, Steve. Good morning.
Steven Kent: Okay. Hi. So, just to go back to the pricing integrity program, which I think is – I think people are going to be thrilled with, both your customers ultimately and also your travel partners. But I don't understand why it would reduce net yields. It seems like letting people book earlier and marketing to people earlier should ultimately lead to higher yields. And then on the same front, have you considered rather than outright discounting giving people programs like maybe a free onboard drinking package or a excursion or a $100 onboard credit? Is that one of the other ways to handle this? And then one final thing. Just on the FX impact, what percentage – just what percentage of the onboard spend for international guests would have gone to as a result in a 25 basis point impact on net yield guidance? I am not sure you have said they yet.
Richard Fain: Hi, Steve, I will start on the pricing integrity thing. First of all, the reason it hasn't impacted – in the short-term – sorry, in the long-term I absolutely agree with you. I think everybody is going to find this to be a better and more – less disruptive and less unpleasant way of handling it. So I think in the long-term that is going to help us. I think that it helps solidify the image of our branding and in the long run the branding is what drives the pricing. And we have a lot of other steps in place to enhance the branding of our products and that actually has been improving over the last few years. We think this will be one more big step. And so, in the long-term I agree with you, that will have only a positive impact. In the short-term it has a negative impact because obviously the reason that we have been doing last minute discounts is because the ship wouldn't otherwise be absolutely full. And so, while the number is small we have used it to top up. And so there is less topping up so you don't get the revenue from those last passengers. And it may take a little while for travel agents and consumers to understand just how serious we are about this. But in the short-term it has that impact. On the other comment that you asked about which was the value added, that is something that we have been quite aggressive about over a while. And in fact in the past I have pointed out that it is going to make it a little more difficult to judge between onboard and other revenue because sometimes – onboard and ticket revenue, because sometimes we do – we will offer what we call a value added package. So instead of lowering our price we might give them a special promotion, we might give them drinks, we might give them a bath robe, we might give them a cabin upgrade, whatever it is. And so, there becomes an interplay between the ticket pricing and the onboard revenue. And one of the things that I've commented on is that when we talk about enhancing our revenue management systems, part of the objective, and I think part of something that will be paying off for us, is the integration of onboard revenue into our revenue management system. So that those 2 things can work in tandem as opposed to being treated as totally independent variables. And so I think you do see – and sometimes you see – Celebrity had a very successful promotion, which is 123 Go!. And we basically gave the consumer the option of different kinds of ancillary packages to support the ticket pricing. Very successful, very popular. But it does blur the line between ticket and onboard. And I think that is something we want to enhance and expand on. We think it is a real opportunity. So, I agree with you.
Jason Liberty: And, Steve, on your question on the onboard, just to make sure – I will address it how I understood it, but the question might be different. Our commentary on the onboard side is what we have experienced from non-US guests who have seen the value of their currency devalue relative to the dollar really over the past 6 to 9 months. And that has – we have seen signs and evidence of them spending less on the ship as they purchase things or try to purchase things in US dollar. We have a very small portion of our total revenue – onboard revenue that is priced in local dollars, that is really just related to the Chinese sailings.
Steven Kent: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime Katz: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So for the Double-Double, it would imply that the cost side of the equation would have to rise either flat to very low-single-digits over the next couple years assuming that net revenue yields tick up somewhere in the low-single-digits. Can you talk about the best opportunities you guys have to capture operating efficiency as in maybe how you think about that figure growing over the next year or two?
Jason Liberty: Hi, Jaime. I think we have said for some time that yield was being cost-conscious and having moderate capacity growth is really our formula to get to the Double-Double number. Obviously over the next several years we have a good amount of capacity coming online. And I think our efforts, whether it is on the shared service side or across the brands, to realize scale during that time is what is relevant to ensure that our costs stay in a moderate growth pattern.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And that is lower than inflation we could assume?
Jason Liberty: I am not going to get into assumptions. But I think we have had a pretty good track record over the past several years of keeping our cost probably moderate, but I would probably say below moderate situation with our costs being flat to down 1 this year and our costs coming in down 0.6 last year.
Jaime Katz: Okay. And then on the price integrity program, I think you guys said that it was only for North American itineraries and that it wasn't for 2 to 4 day cruises. So can you give us an estimate of approximately maybe what percentage of itineraries it actually affects?
Richard Fain: I don't think we have a number in that context because it is a long-term program. But obviously North America is our dominant market and the 2 to 4 night is a smaller percentage of the total. So it is the dominant factor in our pricing matrix.
Jaime Katz: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva of Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: Good morning. Can I follow up on the question of onboard spend? So the 25 basis points, is that something that you expect to see more in Q2 and Q3? Or is that something that is going to affect the entire year?
Jason Liberty: I think our expectation, because there is a different mix here – over the summertime you are much more indexed towards the European consumer, so you are really pound and euro. And you can see in that currency chart pound is where we are more effective on a net perspective, but there could be noise between onboarding and cost as an example. And then as you switch over into Q4 you move more South to like Brazil and you move more to Australia and other markets where they have taken quite a hit on their currency. So I think we look at that anticipation as what it could be for the balance of the year.
Assia Georgieva: Okay, so it is not just the euro, we are also – I'm sorry, Jason.
Jason Liberty: It is a portion of the [indiscernible] 25 basis points. Yes, no, I was going to say, as I talked about, it is a portion of that 25 basis points.
Assia Georgieva: Okay, thank you, Jason.
Operator: And there are no other questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Jason for any closing comments.
Jason Liberty: Great. Thank you for your assistance, Brandy, with the call today. And we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the Company. Laura will be available for any follow-ups you might have and we really wish you all a great day. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jason Liberty - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Adam Goldstein - President and Chief Operating Officer Michael Bayley - President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International Laura Hodges - Vice President, Investor Relations Robin Farley - UBS
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Harry Curtis - Nomura Jamie Rollo - Morgan and Stanley
Operator: Good morning. My name is Erica, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited 2014 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Jason Liberty, CFO for Royal Caribbean, please begin your conference.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and thank you, for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Laura Hodges, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I’d like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow the recap of our fourth quarter and full-year results. I will then provide an update on the current booking environment and will end with full-year and first quarter guidance for 2015. We will then open the call up for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thanks, Jason, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. As always, I welcome this opportunity to provide a bit more color on our results for the year and on our perspective of the year ahead of us. Before I begin, I’d like to take a moment to acknowledge the recent promotions of two accomplished veterans and leaders; Michael Bayley, who has taken over as President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Lisa Lutoff-Perlo, who has taken over as President and Chief Executive Officer of Celebrity Cruises. It’s been gratifying to watch their careers develop, over the several decades they’ve been with us. They really have differentiated themselves with their passion and their tenacity. One advantage of promoting such experienced talent is that there is no learning curve, they both hit the road running and they were already implementing changes that will drive both brands forward. I say congratulations to them both. It’s also a pleasure to be talking to you as we finished with one very good year, and as we start another exciting one. At Royal Caribbean, we start every discussion with how it will affect our Double-Double goals and I’d like to do that here too. I’m pleased to confirm that the results that we’re announcing for 2014 and the results that we are forecasting for 2015 are very much in line with our Double-Double program. We remain convinced the program has realistic goals and they were on the right track for success. You’ll recall that the three pillars of this program, which we’ve outlined on Slide 2, are growing revenue yields, maintaining cost consciousness and moderate capacity growth. On the revenue front, we continue to be very pleased with the performance of our newest vessel Quantum of the Seas and we’re thrilled to be taking delivery of her sister ship, Anthem of the Seas this spring. Both vessels are experiencing healthy bookings and are large drivers of the positive revenue picture for 2015. Now, the last time I spoke on one of these calls, Quantum of the Seas was still under construction. You may recall, I was optimistic even then about how she would be received, but one can never be certain until the construction is complete. In this case, my expectations have proven accurate and the demand has been simply extraordinary. The reaction in China has been particularly exciting. The Royal Caribbean International brand continues to be synonymous with cruising in China, and the market anxiously awaits the arrival of Quantum. We are thrilled with her booking and pricing performance to-date, but we expect her to help further increase our market share in this important market. Our capacity in China is growing 66% this year, and we look forward to continue yield accretion in this profitable market. At the same time, the Oasis class vessels on the Royal Caribbean International brand and the Solstice class vessels on the Celebrity brand, remain the best in their competitive set and continue to deliver returns, while the rest of our upgraded fleet continues to demonstrate improved performance. Our brands have never been stronger and we will continue to capitalize on their equity as we move through 2015. In this regard, it’s important to note that our guest satisfaction for 2014 was at record levels. Equally important, our employee engagement surveys also reached record levels. Obviously, these factors are related. We continue to believe that a more engaged employee team drives greater guest satisfaction, which in turn, drives greater brand strength, which ultimately drives greater returns on investment for our shareholder. Separately, we are also very pleased that the SkySea cruises will begin operations later this year. SkySea is our joint-venture with Ctrip, and it will begin operating a revitalized Celebrity Century in China in the middle of 2015. This is yet another opportunity for us to broaden our reach and to take an increasing leadership position in this fast growing market. On the cost side, I am impressed with the efforts being made, and congratulate both our finance organization and our operating management on generating solid cost reductions in 2014. I know we originally target cost to be down slightly, and our ultimate result of down 0.6% was better than I had expected. In 2015, we continue our commitment to maintaining a cost-conscious culture. We’re projecting cost being held to 1% or better while still investing in strategic initiatives that drive rapid returns. I think it’s particularly interesting to note that virtually all the unit cost increase in 2015 is attributable to ramping up our operations in China. Lastly, on the capacity component of our Double-Double program, our growth is immutable, at least through 2017. We did recently announce two new additions to the Celebrity Cruises brand under the name Project EDGE, but those vessels won’t join the fleet until 2018 or 2020. We also continue to be open divesting older tonnage as opportunities arise. Now returning to last year’s results, 2014 was happily a record-breaking year for our company. Adjusted earnings per share were $3.39, am increase of 40% over the previous year. And we were pleased in ‘14 to be added in the S&P 500 index, by any measure a great year. I would like to thank the management team, as well as all the employees of Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited for their dedication, their hard work in achieving these milestone results. The year ended on a slightly schizophrenic note. On the one hand, forward bookings were robust and we ended 2014 the best book status in our company’s history. That’s pretty good. Starting the year with fewer berths to fill really helps us raise our yields as the year progresses. On the other hand, closing bookings in the fourth quarter were more sluggish than we expected. The culprit continues to be a stubbornly challenging Caribbean and the dynamics which are driving that situation carry on through the first quarter. Fortunately, lower costs and better performance by our equity investments offset the yields. The big winners on revenue were in Asia, Europe and Alaska, with all products over delivered. Onboard revenue, another positive, with another year of good yield growth. Now looking to ’15 as you know, we are now entering or have entered our Wave period, and we watch the pace of bookings during this period closely. While, it’s still early in the Wave, overall we’re encouraged by what we see. Of course we always want Wave to be especially powerful, but what we have seen is a good, solid and typical start to the Wave period. Looking again at 2015, it remains a tail of two periods. The first period is the first quarter, which as we have said before continues to struggle. This is the tail-end of a period with large capacity additions in the Caribbean, and also has the fallout from 2014’s Caribbean malaise. But the last nine months of the year are a very different story. Once we lap - sorry, once we lap the first quarter, yields on all products are expected to be up in the mid-single digits. As a result, although it’s still early days, we are expecting yields to increase 2.5% to 4.5% in 2015. Given all the above, we’re pleased to provide adjusted earnings guidance in the range of $4.65 to $4.85 per share for the full-year 2015. Midpoint of this range implies another 40% increase in earnings, and another step, good step towards our Double-Double goals. We’re well on our way to doubling our 2014 earnings, as well as reaching double-digit returns on invested capital by 2017. I don’t have to tell you that an added benefit of moving towards the Double-Double is that our free cash flow improves. We believe it is reasonable that are Board would consider returning capital in due course vis-à-vis increasing dividends and/or buying back shares. Everyone knows that the world price of oil dropped precipitously soon after our earnings call at the end of October. But the impact on us from sharp movements in price are a little more complex than many peoples’ world dropped suddenly staring in the early November. The black line on this chart shows that the prices we actually paid at the pump. Over the three months, our price dropped roughly the same 50% that Brent dropped. But just as it does at your local gas station, it took a little longer for the new cheaper oil to wind its way through the supply side of the equation. Another factor is that we don’t instantly use the fuel that we take onboard. We take it onboard, but we use the inventory on a FIFO basis, which causes another slight lag in realizing the impact from rapid fuel improvement - for price improvements. During “normal times”, these lags are immaterial, but when you have as precipitous drop as we experience at the end of last year that delay makes a difference. Looking into 2015, our guidance is based on today’s price of fuel and we continue our historical practice of remaining about 50% hedge. This results in an improvement in our projected fuel bill, as foreign exchange rates. Increasingly, we are a global company and our greatest currency exposures today are to the pound, Canadian dollar, Brazilian real and Australian dollar in that order. We’ve also shown on Slide 3, our foreign exchange rates movements occur during the same three month period. This chart is the strength of the U.S. dollar compared to the weighted basket of our net currency exposure. As you can see over the last three months, the dollar strengthened about 6%. Overall for 2015, the current strength of the dollar is about 9% stronger than the average was for 2014. We’ve taken that differential into our projections. The impact compared to where we were at the end of October is about $0.54 a share. So the net result of those two factors is $0.59 from fuel, offset by $0.54 hit of foreign exchange, a net benefit of about a nickel in 2015. Now on Slide 4, we also take a look at the longer term perspective of fuel and foreign exchange. This slide shows the price of Brent over a decade and the strength of the dollar over the same period. I think the chart shows very nicely the historically inverse correlation between these two features. And it also explains why we believe that there is a natural offset in place. With that, it is my pleasure to turn it back to Jason. Hi, Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. I will begin by taking you through our results for the fourth quarter. Unless I state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant current basis. We have summarized our fourth quarter results on Slide 5. For the quarter, we generated adjusted net income of $0.32 per share. While there were several puts and takes from a business perspective, earnings would have been above the midpoint of our guidance if not for the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, net of fuel, which costs us $0.07 for the quarter. Since our October 23 earnings call, the dollar versus our basket of currency has strengthened over 6%, while fuel prices have dramatically declined. As we have discussed in the past, the change in currency impacts our P&L immediately, while there is typically a four to six-week lag for a change in fuel price. Also rapid changes in fuel prices within a period typically results in some ineffectiveness in our fuels cost. The net impact of these changes was $0.07 for the quarter. Net revenue yields were up 2.7% for the quarter, which was lower than guidance due to a slowdown in closing Caribbean demand and subsequent pricing reductions on non-holiday sailing. This was somewhat offset by double-digit yield improvement on Europe, Latin America and repositioning sailing. We were able to offset the balance and the revenue mix through better cost, including taxes, and better performance from our equity investments. Onboard revenue was up 4.9%, which marks the 12th quarter in a row of growth. Strong performance on New Year’s sailing and further demand for our beverage packages showed year-over-year improvement. Cost for better than guidance for the quarter with net cruise costs excluding fuel, up 2.3%. The improvement was mainly driven by a series of programs to reduce crew movement costs and further realize back office efficiency. I will now discuss full-year results, which we have summarized on Slide 6. For the year, we generated record earnings of $756 million in adjusted net income, a 40% year-over-year increase, resulting in $3.39 per share. As I mentioned during my remarks on the fourth quarter, it would have come in ahead of our guidance, if not for the $0.07 impact from the strengthening of U.S. dollar, net of fuel. Revenue yields increased 2.4% for the full-year. The story for the year has been very consistent. Double-digit yield improvement in Europe and China, combined with another year of strong onboard revenue performance, more than offset the weakness in the Caribbean. On the cost front, we executed on our commitment of keeping our costs flat to slight down for the year. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, were down 0.6% year-over-year. Now, I would like to update you on what we are seeing in a demand environment. I will start by taking you through the first quarter trend. Caribbean capacity is up 8% in the first quarter, and will represent about 70% of our capacity. Over the past few months, the Caribbean has required more than anticipated promotional assistance to stimulate closer end demand. While Quantum has been booking exceptionally well, the short and seven-night Caribbean have been challenging. Increased capacity and our higher yielding itinerary like Australia and Asia are helping offset the yield declines in the Caribbean. Trends for the balance of the year have been far better than those in the first quarter. And our book-load factors and APDs are nicely up versus same time last year for the Q2 to Q4 period. These strong trends have particularly been driven by the shift of capacity from the Caribbean to Europe, China and Australia. In addition, we are doing well across most itineraries on a like-for-like basis. Caribbean capacity for Q2 and beyond will be down 2% for our brand, and approximately 4% for the industry. For the full-year, bookings have exceeded prior year levels over the past three months, cumulating and back-to-back record bookings during the last two weeks. In fact, when we turn the year, we were in a best book position in the company’s history. While all other itineraries are booked ahead of same time last year, our book load factor is farthest ahead for the Caribbean and European sailing. Caribbean capacity is up slightly in 2015, driven by the addition of Quantum of the Seas in Q1, and the product will account 44% of our overall capacity. Booking trends for Q2 and Q4 Caribbean sailings have been very good so far. And as a result, full-year Caribbean load factors are not just higher than same time last year, they are also above levels seen in all other recent years at this point in time. Caribbean yields are expected to be down mid-single digits for the first quarter and up low-single digits for Q2 through Q4. We are slightly increasing capacity in Europe this summer with Anthem of the Seas and Allure of the Seas, replacing smaller vessels on existing itinerary. Our Europe capacity is up 5% versus 2014, while remains well below 2011, 2012 and 2013 level. Bookings over the past three months have more than kept space with capacity gain, and the product has booked well ahead of last year in both rate and volume. Recent demand has been particularly strong for North America and we are also booked well ahead from the U.K. We are expecting yield improvements in the mid-single digit range for Europe this year. Our most significant capacity growth in 2015 is in the Asia Pacific region, with the addition of Quantum of the Seas in China this summer. In total, our Asia Pacific capacity will increase by 33% and it will account for 15% of our total capacity. Despite the fact that we have been increasing capacity in those regions for the past five years, these products continue to generate superior yields. Overall, we expect to see yields up in the low-to-mid single digit range for these product set. Taking all this into account, if you turn to Slide 7, you will our guidance for 2015. In October, we communicated that we expected our 2015 net yields to exceed 2014 level. I am pleased to share that we expect 2015 to be the seventh year in a row of yield improvement for the company, with yields increasing between 2.5% and 4.5% for the full-year with all key market delivering positive yields. I find it even more encouraging that once we lap the top Q1 Caribbean environment, yields are expected to be up approximately mid-single digit. Net cruise cost excluding fuel is expected to be up 1% or better for the full-year. We remain committed to driving efficiencies throughout our business, investing strategically in technology enhancements, and in growing markets like China that provide rapid return, while keeping us firmly on our path to Double-Double target. We have included $806 million of fuel expense for the year, and we are 52% hedged. This is a reduction of a $132 million since our last earnings call. Net of our hedges, 10% change in fuel price equates to approximately $25 million for the year. Based on current fuel prices and currency exchange rate, we expect another record-breaking year with earnings per share between $4.65 to $4.85. The midpoint of this guidance represents a year-over-year increase of 40% on top of the over 40% growth we experienced in 2014. Before I move on to your guidance for Q1 2015, I would like to make you aware of one small change in presentation that we are considering. Historically Pullmantur’s results have been reported with a two months lag. As part of consolidating shared service function for this brand, we are working towards eliminating the two month lag and reporting Pullmantur’s financial as we do for other brands, with the year ending December 31. We anticipate this change becoming affective in the second half of 2015. If so, this would mean that Pullmantur would have two Novembers and two Decembers in 2015. For simplification and comparative purposes, this immaterial adjustment has been excluded from forward guidance for all key statistics and will be excluded from adjust metric once the change is made. Now, I would like to walk you through our first quarter guidance on Slide 8. Net yields are expected to be down between 1.5% and 2% for the first quarter. As a reminder, we began prorating revenue and cost on all voyages starting in the third quarter of last year. As a result, a portion of high-yielding New Year’s business that would have been entirely recognized in Q1 under the previous pro-ration policies was recognized in Q4 of 2014, making the Q1 2015 comparables more difficult. Yields would be slightly down after this change. Net cruise cost excluding fuel are expected to be up 2% to 3%, driven by higher spending on marketing during Wave and investments in China associated with our growth strategy. We have also included $207 million of fuel expense for the quarter. Taking all of this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the quarter to be in the range of $0.10 to $0.15. With that, I’ll ask our operator to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Richard, this is a question for both, Richard and Jason. Richard, when you started with your prepared remarks and you were talking about Double-Double and your commitment there, and how the company is still on plan, I mean, on track. And Jason, I believe you touched on that as well. I’m just wondering, now there is another kind of wrinkle in the Double-Double, which is with FX, right. So I’m just wondering if you could help us understand what happens to that plan or to your outlook if FX continues to pressure earnings?
Richard Fain: Thanks, Felicia, and good morning. Yes, obviously FX has always been a factor, as has fuel. As we’ve said the two have tender to offset each other, although it’s not perfect. But it’s not a new factor. We knew it was factor when we entered into the Double-Double. It has been a little more dramatic, particularly when you look at the quarter, but if you look over the time, in fact we’ve been raising our projections, and I will tell you that internally we are in a better position vis-à-vis the Double-Double today than I guess with six months ago when we first announced it. So nothing - and what has happened over the last six months or the last three months has been anything other than positive. And I think the two elements that really drive it are the - or will drive it are the yields. And the yields are doing quite nicely and we’re guiding this year 2.5% to 4.5%, which is a pretty good increase on a constant currency basis. And the first quarter is difficult, but we always knew the first quarter would be difficult. Bookings, once you get beyond the first quarter are really very powerful. And so I am - I think my tone - certainly my tone and when I drafting my comments was that we’re in a very good position and I am quite comfortable, particularly as we’re looking forward. The fourth quarter always looks a little awkward, because it’s always the most sensitive quarter to small changes. And this first quarter we know it would really be difficult. The other thing that we look at, and one of the things, that’s very important to us is the Wave period. So we’ve essentially had the first month of Wave. And that is important most because of the absolute amount of bookings that we take during this Wave period and during that first month. But it’s also important because of the tone and sense of the year. And I would have been heck of a lot more concerned if that tone had been negative. Instead the tone is very positive. It’s a very strong typical Wave period, which gives us encouragement that our yields are going to be there. And yes, again we could have another change in foreign exchange. This year over last year, we have 9% weaker other outside currencies, 9% stronger dollar, which is extraordinary. It’s probably one of the biggest changes we see in a long time and we are still reporting 40% increase in profitability. So we’ve always noted it will be an issue. It will continue to result in dips up and down, but it doesn’t make me any less comfortable with the Double-Double. I think I better ask Jason to comment to see his view on it.
Jason Liberty: Well, I would concur on with that. And so, as Richard commented, that relationship between currency and fuel has really held up over time. And I think when we put a Double-Double program together, we also realize that we need to also be able to play when it rains, and there is always going to be puts and takes in a business, but by keeping that focus so that the business is driving towards that.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, that’s really helpful. And then, Jason just a quick question. You guys said earlier that you are 50% hedged. I was just wondering, would strategically where fuel prices are now - I know historically that’s kind of been where you are, but given where fuel prices are now, why wouldn't you hedge more?
Jason Liberty: Yes. So it’s for a few reasons, one of which is this relation or this inverse relationship has been really strong over time. And also the forward curves, try to lock in kind of further out are quite steep, because they’re in contango and that’s some of the reasons in the considerations that why not hedge out more further out.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, clear and helpful. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski:: Hi, good morning guys. So Jason, you did a pretty good job of breaking down some of the markets, specifically the Caribbean and Europe, but when you look at your yield increase this year of, what you’re saying, 2.5% to 4.5%, can you maybe go into a little more detail of maybe some of the other markets in terms of what you guys are expecting from an yield perspective? And then also, maybe how you guys are thinking about onboard as well?
Jason Liberty: Sure. Thanks Steve. Maybe just to kind of start off on the onboard side, obviously the entry of Quantum and Anthem, and we’re having a full-year of Quantum and Anthem are really good new stories for the onboard side, as well as Quantum going into Asia, which as we’ve talked about in the past indexed a little bit higher than the average for the onboard side. Also, the investments we’ve made on the technology standpoint as we’ve commented in the past with our - the increase in the bandwidth whether it’s with O3b or Harris CapRock, has really also further engaged the consumer to spend for internet package. So to kind of give you maybe some more color on some other products. We are expecting Alaska to be up nicely. It’s in a good book position, and the pricing is doing quite well. Also I would say on the Australia side, obviously there is a lot more capacity that’s going into Australia which were kind of in my comments around the Asia Pacific. And so there will be some stress on yields. So we do expect it to be positive.
Richard Fain: Steve, one other thing I might add. You asked about onboard revenue, and we’ve talked before about the fact that we’re doing more integration between onboard revenue and ticket revenue. As we evolve the sophistication of our revenue management systems, one of the things you’ve seen is that we are doing more and more with value-added versus discounts. We really feel that the consumer prefers that. It works up better for the travel agents. And by combining that - and I think a perfect example to put in tangible terms would be Celebrity’s program last year of 123go! program, very successful program. So instead of offering a discount, we say, well, we will bundle in drinks package or an onboard credit or prepaid gratuities or whatever it was that you wanted to choose. And I think those kinds of value-added packages are proving from the market point of view to be very popular with the consumer. Again as I say it’s popular to travel agent, because it effectively increases their commission because it bundles more into what is commissionable. And it means that instead of touting ourselves on price, we tout ourselves on what we are offering. And we are - we think that the market is ready for, and we are very much focused on trying to upgrade ourselves, the image and do less price fighting, and more, this is why you’re better on this kind of cruise. So I do think that one of the implications of that mathematically is to the extent that there is more bundling that actually could have a little bit reduction in onboard revenue. But the other thing is we have also gotten so much better at what we’re offering, some of the things Jason talked about. So we are looking for a positive momentum in both sides.
Michael Bayley: Steve, this is Michael. We’ve also invested quite significantly over the past few years on upgrading and revitalization the addition of specialty restaurants and changing out much of our retail offering and changing on bar offering etcetera, etcetera. So I think we’re seeing a nice uplift from the investments that we’ve made over the past few years in terms of the actual onboard revenue options that we have onboard of ships.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, got you. And then, second question is a bigger picture question, more so for Adam. But Adam, I know when you became COO a couple months ago, back in April, one of the areas that you were focused on were these shared services between the brands, and how could you improve those. So could you maybe give us an update on your progress to-date there, and then maybe what kind of opportunities or synergies you’re seeing as you kind of move forward? I guess, we heard a little bit of that this morning with the Pullmantur announcement. Thanks.
Adam Goldstein: Sure, thank you. Well, one of the key elements of course is to work with the brands and their organizations to ensure that we can deliver against our cost commitments over time as we pursue Double-Double goals. But another crucial element is to enable our global aspirations to activate the global footprint through superior approaches to human resources, to information technology, to the supply chain. And these areas are all progressing with a great determination. I’m glad enough that China has taken our shared services to a new and different level from anything that we’ve seen before, while we’ve been expanding our global footprint for many, many years, that was almost entirely on a sales and marketing aspect, was now we’ve got operations involved and the supply chain is in China and everywhere around the world. So the principal payoff of the shared services environment you will see in the yield projections and the yield deliverables and in the cost projections or in the cost deliverables. And there is no question that we have momentum in these areas and that the shared services groups are being challenged and given opportunities in ways that they haven't seen before and we’re trying to be very concrete in terms of the service level agreements and the KPIs that the shared services owe to the respective brand.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks for the color guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Greg Badishkanian: Great, thanks. I just wanted to talk a little bit, or ask some questions on - that you mentioned the last few weeks in January that Wave has been solid. So, I mean that’s really encouraging, but I just wanted to get a little bit more color. Is that primarily the booking volumes, pricing. Also do any regions stand out? And I’m assuming that was an acceleration from the trend that you saw towards the end of the 2014. Correct?
Michael Bayley: Hi Greg, this is Michael. I think we’ve been pleased with what we’ve seen over the past couple of weeks. The Wave has been quite strong for us. We’re seeing certainly strength in Q2, Q3, Q4. We’re also seeing very good volume coming into Q1. I think we mentioned earlier with the capacity increases in the Caribbean in Q1. There was quite a promotional environment, but the promotions and the pricing stimulation that we put into the market seems to be generating very good volumes. So I think that’s a positive sign. When you look at the different markets performance globally, certainly the North American market seems to be in good shape for us. Europe, we saw a slight little blip after the events in Paris, a couple of weeks ago, which for a few days we saw things slow down, and then about four or five days later, everything started to come back quite nicely. So our European business seems to be in good shape. And that’s also I think as we’ve mentioned previously in Asia Pacific, Australia and China, we’re feeling good about what we’re seeing, particularly out of the Chinese market with the addition of Continental China. So overall, the Wave has been good.
Greg Badishkanian: And you would say that is that a good indicator for the next few months or historically. How would you - how should we think about that as kind of a future indicator for 2015?
Michael Bayley: Well, I think as Richard had mentioned, when we - and both Richard and Jason. When we came into ’15, we were in a particularly strong good booked position. I think were in the best position that we’ve ever been in. So really we’re writing off a good book position, and that bodes well for really getting into an even stronger book position by quarter for each quarter across all of our markets. And that of course means that we’re probably not going to be subject to the kind of discounting that we’ve seen previously, because we’ll be in a much stronger state for our company.
Greg Badishkanian: And just finally, Wave for Europe. Does that start sort of mid-February? When do you start seeing the acceleration in bookings for that market?
Michael Bayley: Well, out of the U.K. market, that’s pretty much similar to the U.S. market in terms of the Wave. And out of the Northern European markets, it’s very similar to the American Wave. We see come a little later out of the seven European markets, and we typically see things strengthen as we get into the beginning of the second quarter, but what we’re seeing is good. And particularly out of the U.K. market, it’s been very good.
Richard Fain: And Greg, since you asked about Europe, and to add to Michael’s comments, we had an extraordinary 2014 in Europe. A little bit of frankly of a corollary to the malaise in the Caribbean and for many of the same reasons there was so much capacity that moved from the Caribbean to Europe, It was an extraordinary year. So we were a little bit euphoric about that. This year, it’s a much more balanced view, but if we haven't had 2014, we would be singing the praises of Europe. It’s strong. It’s doing well. It’s not euphoric like last year was, but it is strong and it’s doing well for us. I think that’s part of what’s giving us a good feeling for 2015.
Greg Badishkanian: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Conder: Thank you. A couple of questions here, staying on the European question thing first. Can you just give us a framework of how many of your European itineraries, what percent was filled with European-sourced guests versus North Americans in ’14? And then do you see that changing much for 2015 at this point? And then on the currency side, Jason, just maybe refresh us, you gave us the four major currencies of where your exposure is. How much is your net exposure in each of those currencies? And then have you hedged anything either related to your operational exposure or in particular the euro, where you get paid from TUI? And then I have one additional question after that.
Jason Liberty: Okay, Tim. Thank you. So, just to start off in terms of the mix on Europe. Typically about two-thirds of our guests on European cruises come from Europe and a third from the rest of the world, mainly North America. That tends to vary a little bit based off of demand patterns, because the European product is probably the most leveraged on our global sourcing model, because it is in such demand in so many different markets. So that percentage amount can change here and there. As it relates to currency, we do provide kind of in order, how those currencies impact us. And it does tend to change by quarter. We’re actually going to publish for you guys bi-quarter the order of the impacts of those currencies, but we will not be getting into what the net amount would be. And on a hedging perspective, like we’ve said with fuel, which was pointed out on the slide that natural relationship in our view comes to a hold and so we don’t really do any operational hedging. We do, do hedging currency-wise for our new building specifically.
Tim Conder: And then just to the other piece of that, your currency guidance factors in what you receive from TUI on the equity income link?
Jason Liberty: Yes, it’s part of our net exposures.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then, my other question was as it relates to maybe Michael and the changes and responsibilities there, clearly built on the successes at Celebrity. And now coming to Royal and knowing that the prior Royal bosses, that remains is now his boss too. So what do you see going forward there, Michael, as far as opportunities in the Royal brand?
Michael Bayley: Well, I have to say that my former - the former CEO, acting CEO of Royal did a really good job.
Adam Goldstein: Thank you, Michael. You’re absolutely correct [ph].
Michael Bayley: And I recommend him for getting everything so well prepared for me. So that’s kind of come back to Royal, but I’d come from Royal, so I’m very familiar with the brand. I feel quite fortunate. It’s genuinely an outstanding brand. We have really high brand awareness. We have a strong global infrastructure. We have winning teams in China, internationally and domestically. We truly have innovative hardware. We’ve got Quantum class and Oasis class coming online in the next few years. We have very passionate loyal guests who genuinely love the brand. We have huge bench strength with our ship board and shore side employees. And probably most importantly, we have very loyal and long-term travel partners who sort of stayed with us through the course of all of these years and who we have a wonderful relationship with. So I’m very fortunate. I am spending obviously a lot of time developing the forward strategy for the brand. And obviously my key focus is leveraging the power of this brand to drive performance forward, and that’s really my focus. That’s where I am. And it’s a great joy to be back in Royal and to be leading the Royal brand team.
Tim Conder: Okay, great. Thank you all.
Michael Bayley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent: Hi, good morning. A couple questions for you. Can you just talk a little bit more broadly about your strategy on China versus principal [ph], especially in the light of a couple of announcements they’ve made, even just some this week. And what your initiatives are to target that consumer? And then the second thing, and this is I know, a very near-term issue, but given what seems to be the strengthening of the US consumer, the decline in close-in bookings that noted in the fourth quarter seemed counterintuitive. And I just wanted to understand how that plays out. It would seem to me like as the U.S. consumer strengthens, they would be willing to book further in advance and also pay up as they get closer into the bookings. So I'm trying to understand that balance, but also want to understand the longer term issue, which could be a big opportunity for you in China and how you are looking at it versus your competitors?
Richard Fain: I’ll start, but I think Adam, Michael may want to chime in on China, Jason on the strengthening the U.S. Although I would emphasize, we will have ups and downs in any given quarter. And I think that’s a point we really - I think I almost emphasize I have seen on every call that it’s remarkable to me that we are as - we have been as accurate as we have been. And I think we may have spoiled ourselves by always seeming to meet those, but the degree of accuracy here can't be that great. I mean this year, our initial forecast for the year was a midpoint of 2.5% constant currency yield improvement. We ended the year with 2.4%. It’s just hard for me to imagine us being able to maintain that kind of accuracy on an ongoing basis, but the others comment more specifically on the strengthening the U.S. because I think you have put your finger on something that’s very important. Our strategy for China is really very clear. We want to be synonymous with cruising in China. We want to have the strongest product that we know how to do. The Chinese consumer are clearly loving the Royal Caribbean product there. And in China, brand is very important. So we are investing heavily, both in terms of management and in terms of hardware, and ensuring that we are continually strengthening the perception of our brand, and educating the Chinese consumer, because it’s still such an embryonic industry there, most consumers don’t know about it, and they don’t have the same kind of infrastructure with travel agents and others that we have in the United States. So we’re working hard to expand that. We’ve been growing at an extraordinary rate. We grew last year at 45%. We’ll grow next year at 66%. And we think this is a market that our product is well suited for, and where the market itself is growing. The middle-class in China is growing at such a fast rate that it won't be long that there are more people in the middle-class in China than there are people in the United States. And so it’s a great potential for us, and we’re working to address that, both through the Royal Caribbean International brand, but also through our partnership with Ctrip, a very aggressive, dynamic, and frankly, inspiring company that’s very strong in the travel industry in China. So we intend to continue to push that. I think there is room for others, I’m not going to comment one or just two, but I think frankly it’s a good thing to see that the overall industry is growing. And then there is not much interest from others, because as I say, part of the issue here is we need to work to make cruising or relevant vacation there. And so we have some of the same problems we faced in the United States 20 years ago in terms of educating the consumer of all that cruising has to offer. We intend to continue to do that.
Adam Goldstein: If you’re just talking about the kind of the counterintuitiveness with the U.S, consumer getting stronger relative to what happened in Q4 and also our thoughts on Q1. Yes, I think going into our last call, we were seeing that the strength in the U.S. consumer on ticket as well as on the onboard side. The onboard piece continued on while the onboard performance was quite good. But the reality is that we don’t operate in the vacuum. And so I think some of the competitive forces and the level of supply that was out there caused the environment to be more promotional than we had thought, outside of the holiday sailings which actually you saw quite a bit of strengths from the U.S.
Michael Bayley: Steve, it’s Michael. Just to add to that, I think one of the things that suddenly we saw last year, for example some of Europe, we really saw a strong demand out of the U.S. market, at fairly high price points. So I think that speaks about the growing affluence in the American market that we’re seeing more and more Americans wanting to travel, for example, further, and willing to pay a higher price to do that. And I think that’s quite reflective of how we see part of the emerging opportunity in the U.S. market with regards to the growth of affluence in the U.S. And then just a quick comment on China. China is really one of those ultimate opportunities, those infinite possibility because the entire market really is a new to cruise market and therefore our brand as we’ve been in the Chinese market for several years and the recipient each year of the top cruise line in China, I think we’re really well positioned in terms of the opportunity that we see. Just to confirm Richard’s perspective, that competition is always good in the market anyway. So I think we welcome the competition.
Steven Kent: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraints, please - for the rest of the question please remain for one question per person. Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. I know you’ve talked about how the percent of Europeans and North Americans on a European cruise can change from year to year, but do you anticipate just there are concerns out there about the European economy, that the demand from Europe, and it sounds like its still early for kind of southern European Wave. But are you kind of anticipating maybe you’ll have to shift some more sourcing, shift kind of more of your inventory to be sold to North American passengers versus last year? And then, even though I know we just keep it to one, just my other one is really quick, which is just, how much did the holiday shift in the calendar add to Q4 yields. You mentioned that what it took out of Q1. I just want to think about what it added to Q4? Thanks.
Jason Liberty: Hi Robin, it’s Jason. On the European side, I think that watching what’s happening in that market, there is always going to be puts and takes. But we really did enter the year in a very strong book position for our European sailings, and especially with that driven from North America and the U.K. So there might be some shift in the sourcing, but current booking patterns post year-end have been actually quite good recently on the European sailings. And again having that strong book position will limit the need for us to modify sourcing too much as well as to have to take any practical pricing actions. As it relates to the - as we had indicated on the last call, the impact on yields as it relates to pro-ration is really immaterial the basic point or two, but we can - after the call we can get to that in more detail.
Richard Fain: But Robin, I think one of the questions is the shifting which has no impact on the year as a whole, but when you do look into first quarter, it has a slightly unfortunate thing because last year’s first quarter had all holiday sailings, and last year, that is the holiday sailings of 2013 were terrific. And so almost all the deterioration this year is because ’13 had holiday sailings, ’14 didn’t. Assuming that ’15 holiday sailings continue to be positive, we simply make it up to the fourth quarter. And frankly that’s probably the right thing that we have done anyhow. So yes, when you look again at the quarter, most of the deterioration in the first quarter is simply because of that.
Robin Farley: I guess that’s what I - then I don't know if I understood Jason's comment, because it looked like in the release you were saying that the holiday shift was really most of that sort of 1.5 to 2 points decline in Q1 maybe would have been closer to flat…
Richard Fain: That’s what we said. You’re exactly right, Robin. That’s right.
Robin Farley: So if it added 150 to 200 - or I'm sorry, if it took 150 to 200 basis points out of Q1, how would it only have added one or two to Q4, is that because of the year-over-year?
Richard Fain: No. I think what he was saying was the overall year the impact was immaterial. It just shifted some of the benefit. So instead of having better first quarter, we have a better fourth quarter. But the year as a whole, it’s negligible.
Robin Farley: Right, great. And I totally understood that it’s not a meaningful thing. I'm just kind of looking at Q4 results reported today and just wondering what in there was helped by the holiday shift? But maybe I can follow-up after.
Jason Liberty: We can get back to you after Robin. And also I mean it always contemplated in our guidance.
Robin Farley: Yes, understood. And that was a great color on the capacity, really probably not having to shift where you’re targeting, that was helpful. Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Thanks Robin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Hi. Just to get your perspective on, if there has been incremental weakness in the demand from European customers, reflected in your bookings into the U.S. in the second, third and fourth quarters given the strength of the dollar?
Jason Liberty: Hi Harry, we haven't seen - as Michael mentioned, there was a little bit of a dip around the tragedy in Paris. But outside of that, the demand patterns from European consumers for the Caribbean or Alaska so forth has remained pretty in line. And also everything we do, we do in local currency. So it’s not necessarily more except at a point where we start raising pricing because of change in the demand environment.
Richard Fain: And obviously, there has been the euro, the sterling a lot weaker. And so if you’re British or you’re a Continental then you want to buy a vacation in United States, that’s more expensive. So there is obviously some impact. What we’ve tried to do Harry, is incorporate all that into our guidance, so that we’ve looked at it based on where we are today. And that’s where the guidance is coming from. And yet, we’ve been able as you’ve seen, if we compare where we are overall, ignoring the fuel effects specific impacts, we’re better off today than we were three months ago. And so we think that the general trend has been more positive even though obviously if you look at any particular area there will be puts and takes.
Jason Liberty: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Your last question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo with Morgan and Stanley.
Jamie Rollo: Yes. Thanks for that. Just on the guidance mid-single-digit yield growth for quarters two through four. I think I heard you say the Caribbean will be low-single-digits for that period, Europe mid-single-digits and Asia-Pac low-to-mid-single-digits, which looks overall to be sort of a bit below the sort of 5% figure you need to hit the mid-point of the guidance. And then just the other quick one was on the other financial income from the joint-venture. If I take out the $33.5 million from Spanish tax reform, is it fair to say that the remaining $21 million is pretty much all from the joint-venture with TUI? Thank you.
Jason Liberty: Hi Jamie. One of the other things that happens like in Q2 and Q3. So our commentary for example about the Caribbean being lower single-digit Q2 and beyond, that also factored some structural changes. So for example Allures is coming out of the Caribbean and going into high-yield in Europe. So a lot of that just a mix change between low yielding products going to higher yielding products through the course of the year. And that’s kind of how you average out for the 5%. If you do take out the tax component, then the majority of that is our joint-venture with TUI Cruises [ph].
Jamie Rollo: Okay, great.
Jason Liberty: Well, thank you for your assistance, Erica. And we will thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Laura will be available for any follow-ups you might have, and I wish you all a very good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Richard D. Fain - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Adam M. Goldstein - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Assia Georgieva Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brandy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 2014 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Jason Liberty, you may begin your conference.
Jason T. Liberty: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Laura Hodges, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which have been posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During the call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin by providing an overview of the business. I will follow up with a recap of the third quarter results, provide an update on the current booking environment and our early thoughts on 2015. I will close with our outlook for the full year and fourth quarter. We will then open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thanks, Jason, and good morning, everybody. It's always a pleasure to have the opportunity to provide additional color on our progress. As you know, our most important initiative is our Double-Double Program. This program reflects our determination to reach double-digit returns on investment and to double our earnings by 2017. We are pleased with the progress to date, and we continue to see this as the right goal at the right time. One objective of publicly announcing the program was, of course, increased transparency to the investment community. However, the more important objective is actually to inform and motivate our employees around both our EPS and our ROIC targets. Each employee plays a role in reaching these targets, and it's important that each of them understand how crucial they are in the successful achievement of the Double-Double goals. In this context, we have been showing our internal teams a short 2-minute video that we thought we would post on our website so you could see it, too. I must tell you that the announcement of our program was even better received by our people than we anticipated. It's worked its way through the fabric of our organization in a very positive way, and it's proven to be a remarkably effective way to get all of our people to rally around our goals of aggressively improving our returns. We are on a roll. As the video explains, the 3 main drivers of our Double-Double success are: improving revenue yields, maintaining cost consciousness and moderate capacity growth. Taking these in reverse order, our capacity growth is set to at least 2017. Our cost-conscious culture is well established and we had numerous tailwinds on the revenue side, that I'll expand upon briefly. Addressing the revenue opportunity, let me start with the power of our brands. Royal Caribbean's International takes delivery of the Quantum of the Seas in just a few days. She is truly a marvel and I will comment more on her in a moment. Celebrity Cruises market segmentation strategy has also changed the trajectory of this brand, and we look forward to continued improvement in Celebrity's results. Pullmantur, our Spanish brand, has faced enormous challenges for the last few years but that's shifting. The management there is adding a focus on Latin America and this strategy is well underway. Azamara continues its dramatic upward trend based on its very successful destination immersion programs. And lastly, TUI Cruises continues to deliver exceptional returns but below the line. With the addition of 3 more new builds on -- over the next 3 years, the TUI Cruises venture will continue to be accretive to our earnings, as we work towards our long-term goals. In addition to our brands, we have a myriad of other initiatives that are supporting our success. Our growth in China, our global footprint and our investment and yield management tools are only a few of the other reasons why we remain confident about our Double-Double Program. Looking specifically into 2015, we are very encouraged by what we see, although our first quarter will be tougher than the rest of the year. There's continued capacity growth in the Caribbean during this first quarter, and we don't get to easier comps until next April. However, after that, essentially all of our markets are looking robust, and we expect a notably better operating environment for the last 9 months of 2015. We're also starting the period with more bookings in the end and at higher prices. Amazingly, despite the addition of 2 new vessels, we actually have fewer cabins to sell in the U.S. and Europe, even in absolute terms, than we had at the same time a year ago. With fewer cabins to sell, we have less pressure to do such last-minute discounts. This not only should help our yields but it should increase guest satisfaction as last-minute discounting is a significant source of discontent to many of our early booking guests. We're in this favorable condition because of our strong order book and because China is growing a massive 68% in 2015, including the introduction of Quantum of the Seas. We therefore decided to take a more consistent approach on pricing. This may well result in slightly lower load factors, but we think it will raise the satisfaction level of our guests and strengthen the perception of our brands' superiority. Strong brands are the best guarantor of our future performance, and we will keep working to continually enhance the strength of our brands. On the cost side, it's way too early to give specific forecast as we're still in the midst of our planning cycle. That said, 2 areas we are investing heavily in are Internet bandwidth for our ships and developing the market in China. These investments are costly but they are critical to the long-term success of our company and they should provide very short paybacks. We maintain our commitment to strong cost discipline, and we will be measuring any cost undertaking against the criteria of rapid payback. Given all of the above, and emphasizing that it's still early days, we are pleased to confirm that we're comfortable with the current Street consensus of $4.55 per share in 2015. That would represent another 30-plus percent increase in earnings. It also represents another step towards our Double-Double goals. Of course, while I may wish to do so, I can't ignore the topic of Ebola. As I've consistently said, there's no such thing as perfect safety but there is a perfect dedication to safety. That perfect dedication to safety encompasses the safety of our guests and crew to public health concerns like Ebola. From what we've seen and heard, the probability of a serious outbreak in the United States approaches 0, but the probability of an epidemic of fear approaches 100%. The CDC and CLIA have extensive protocols in place designed to contain the disease. While there have been some new steps in the early stages, the fact remains that the CDC is one of the strongest and most professional organizations in America. We are lucky to have them leading this effort, and I am confident that they will contain it successfully. Unfortunately, it is hard to assess the fear factor. So far, we've not experienced any big impact on our bookings. Furthermore, the hysteria over the issue seems to have abated even over the last few days. The closest parallel we could think of was the fear over SARS some 12 years ago. Although that was a more contagious disease, the fear factor was then, similarly, more relevant than the actual danger. In that case, we experienced a sudden negative impact on our bookings. But fortunately, the reversal of the impact was just as rapid and the recovery was very swift. Returning to the delivery of Quantum of the Seas, we are excited by the unprecedented interest this ship has generated. I've just returned from a visit to the ship and I'm even more confident that everyone will find that the excitement was justified. Personally, I find it interesting to reflect on what differentiates unique new vessels. Voyager and Freedom class ships were notable for creating a new style of ship, with more wows than ever before. Oasis of the Seas was notable for her scale and her grand spaces. Celebrity Solstice was known for the beauty of her architecture and for the uniqueness of her special features. After all these spectacular new ships, I can't help but sit here and wonder what Quantum will be known for. There's been much publicity about the physical features on Quantum like North Star, SeaPlex and Two70°. These features are indeed dramatic and they alone justify much of the excitement. But part of the reason we're so enthusiastic about Quantum is because it also has so many additional nonphysical elements that have never been seen before. For example, Dynamic Dining is the most radical change in our culinary offering since the company was founded over 40 years ago. The entertainment on board is dramatically different, both in scale and diversity. And the use of technology is undergoing ambitious transformation that exceeds the cumulative change of any previous decade. For us as a company, one of the best parts of the new technology is that it's fungible. If these features are as impactful as we hope, we can roll them out to the rest of the fleet more quickly and in a more easy way that you can hardware elements. For example, our exclusive partnership with O3B brings super Internet bandwidth. There's also a no check-in check-in, where you don't even have to go through the check-in process at the terminal, just show your boarding pass and passport and you're off. Our new luggage tracking technology allows you to track the progress of your luggage from the curb to your stateroom, utilizing RFID technology. And if that wasn't enough, our new Royal iQ app will allow you to manage your entire vacation experience from your mobile device. No more standing in line to book your entertainment, change your spa appointments or make a reservation in specialty restaurants. I believe all of this technology will be a huge differentiator for Quantum, but the fact that it could be installed in our other ships in the fleet make it especially beneficial for the brand. All of these elements are game-changing, but the aspect that I think observers will be most surprised about is Quantum's elegance. People are expecting the wows. Certainly, we've done our best to generate the publicity. But I think everybody will be pleasantly surprised by how elegant the total package is. This is probably one of the most sophisticated and elegant ships Royal Caribbean International has ever built. So yes, we are excited to be finally able to show off this amazing vessel, and we believe she will help our drive for better returns on investment. Just before turning the call back to Jason, I have to acknowledge the men and women who have worked so hard to make this ship a reality. The passion of our people to complete this work and implement these game-changing features is fantastic. I continue to be in awe of the teams working so hard to get Quantum of the Seas ready for her debut. And I can't wait until their efforts become apparent to everyone. With that, it's my pleasure to turn the microphone back to Jason.
Jason T. Liberty: Thank you, Richard. I will begin by taking you through our results for the third quarter. So unless I state otherwise, all metrics are on a constant currency basis. We have summarized our third quarter results on Slide 2. For the quarter, we generated adjusted net income of $2.20 per share, which was in line with our previous guidance. The business performed as expected. Net revenue yields were up 4.2% for the quarter, which is right on our guidance of approximately 4%. Europe, Asia and Alaska itineraries delivered double-digit yield improvement, while the Caribbean yields were down year-over-year. Onboard revenue was up 4.4%, which marks the 11th quarter in a row of growth. Increased load factors, coupled with strong beverage programs, mainly drove the year-over-year improvement. Costs were better than expected for the quarter, with net cruise costs excluding fuel down 1.2%. About half of these savings are timing-related and are expected to be spent during the balance of the year. During the quarter, the combination of the stronger U.S. dollar and improvement in fuel prices resulted in a net negative of approximately $0.03 per share. To be consistent with how we have presented adjusted earnings, the loss on the sale of the Century and the voyage proration impact as described in the press release are not included in our adjusted earnings for the quarter. On the capital front, we increased the quarterly dividend by 20%. We continue to remain focused on our 3 core financial objectives of reaching investment grade metrics, moderate capacity growth and improving shareholder returns. As we progress towards our Double-Double target, we expect to continue to return capital through dividend distribution and by possibly buying back shares. Now I would like to update you on the booking environment for the balance of the year, including our early thoughts for 2015. In the fourth quarter, just under half of our capacity is in the Caribbean, with the balance mainly split between Europe and Asia Pacific. While pricing in the Caribbean remains challenging, we feel we have a good handle on the types of tactical actions that resonate well to drive demand. This has resulted in a bit more discounting but is driving better-than-expected load factors, which help compensate for lower prices and further benefits shipboard revenue. The tail end of our Europe season is close to being sold out, and this will be our third consecutive quarter of double-digit yield growth for this product. Yields for this season are expected to be about 5% higher than the 2008 peak. We've seen strong demand trends from Europe sailings from all key sourcing regions throughout the year. And the anticipated challenges in the Black Sea and Holy Land were not material to our yield performance. Asia and Australia remain key during the winter, and despite an 11% year-over-year increase, these products continue to deliver superior yields relative to our other winter deployment. As Richard mentioned, based on current booking trends, we are very encouraged by the outlook for 2015. Before digging into the booking trends, I wanted to provide the landscape for deployment next year. We have made a number of deployment changes in 2015 that we expect to benefit yields and performance. Our most significant capacity growth will be in the Asia Pacific region with the entry of Quantum of the Seas in China during the summer. Asia Pacific will increase from 12% of capacity in 2014 to 15% in 2015, with China representing approximately 10% of our capacity in the summer months. European capacity will be up mid-single digits in 2015, that will represent 22% of total capacity. In the spring of 2015, we will take delivery of Quantum of the Seas' sister, the Anthem of the Seas, which will sail out of Southampton for the summer. The Allure of the Seas is another significant capacity change in Europe. She will be taking European vacation and will be spending the entire summer out of Barcelona and Rome. Both of these ships will be replaced by smaller vessels with [ph] established itineraries. So Caribbean capacity will be up slightly in 2015, driven by Quantum of the Seas in the Northeast this winter, that will represent 44% of our total capacity. Caribbean capacity in Q2 and beyond will be down year-over-year, with summer capacity down approximately 5%. So now I'm going to discuss the current 2015 booking environment. We have been experiencing very healthy demands for 2015 sailings, with bookings consistently trending ahead of same time last year levels and outpacing capacity growth by a considerable margin. So as a result, our booked load factors and APDs are higher than same time last year. So our Caribbean load factors are higher in all 4 quarters versus same time last year, and they are materially better beginning in Q2; which is a point in which the industry capacity begins to decrease. We are also seeing strong bookings and pricing trends from both North America and Europe for our European itineraries. As we expected, Anthem of the Seas and Allure of the Seas are each seeing particularly strong demand for the summer season. Also, the remainder of the fleet sailing in Europe is also trending ahead. As Richard mentioned, we are very excited about the delivery of Quantum of the Seas and Anthem of the Seas. As we expected, both ships are seeing particularly strong demand with pricing similar to the Oasis class. We expect Q1 to be our toughest quarter next year, as industry Caribbean capacity is at an elevated level through April, and we are seeing the promotional environment continue throughout the first few months of the year. First quarter Caribbean sailings, which account for close to 70% of the capacity for the quarter, are booked at higher load factors than at this point last year but at lower prices. We expect to offset the Caribbean pressures in the first quarter with capacity increases in our Asian, Australian and South American products, all of which are performing well. While the accounting change related to the voyage proration will have a negative impact on Q1 comparables, we do expect to see yield improvement in the quarter. It's still too early in the booking window to provide specific guidance, however, 2015 is expected to be our sixth consecutive year of yield improvement. Also, we expect our 2015 yield improvement increase to be higher than the yield increase we are experiencing in 2014. While it is still early in the booking cycle, we are pleased to confirm that we are comfortable with the current Street consensus of $4.55 per share for 2015. This would represent a year-over-year increase of over 30% on top of 2014; which would be a record earning year for the company. If you turn to Slide 3, you will see our guidance for the full year 2014. Net revenue yields are expected to be up approximately 2.5%, which is consistent with the midpoint of our previous guidance of 2% to 3%. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are also expected to be consistent with our previous guidance of flat to slightly down. The factors impacting our business have remained consistent since our last earnings call. Europe and Asia itineraries as well as on-board revenue continue to outperform, more than offsetting the weakness in the Caribbean. Our fuel costs for the year have decreased slightly since our July call to $943 million, driven mainly by rate, and we are 52% hedged for the remainder of 2014 at a price of $614 per metric ton. Based on current fuel prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates, our adjusted earnings per share guidance is expected to be approximately $3.45. While this is the midpoint of our previous guidance, there are puts and takes in the numbers that shifted during the third quarter. The net negative impact of the strong U.S. dollar, partially offset by reduced fuel prices, did impact our earnings guidance for the full year by approximately $0.10 per share. Also, as we described in our press release, we did make 1 change in how we recognize shorter voyages at the end of each quarter. Historically, we would only prorate revenues and related expenses for sailings of greater than 10 days that crossed over the end of a quarter. Starting September 30, 2014, we are prorating all voyages to recognize revenue and related expenses in the period in which they are incurred. Included in our adjusted earnings guidance for the year is a benefit of approximately $0.07 per share that's related mainly to the additional capacity from the Quantum of the Seas holiday sailing that would have previously been recognized in Q1 of 2015. Now I would like to walk you through our fourth quarter guidance on Slide 4. Net yields are expected to be up approximately 3.5%. Our deployment mix shifts substantially again in Q4, with the Caribbean becoming an increasingly important product for the remainder of the year. As a result, the Caribbean pricing environment is a little bit more influential than it was in Q3. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to be up in the range of 2% to 3%, and we have included $225 million of fuel expense for the quarter. Taking all of this into account, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.35 to $0.40 for the quarter. With that, I will ask our operator to open the call up for questions-and-answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jason, you said, in your prepared remarks regarding the Double-Double Program and how you are on track, you made a comment about potentially being able to or contemplating buying back shares. I was wondering if you can comment on that, particularly, given where you are with the rating agencies.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, I do apologize but there will be a slight delay in today's conference. [Technical Difficulty]
Jason T. Liberty: Felicia, are you there?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'm here. Are you there?
Jason T. Liberty: Yes, sorry about that. We had some type of technical difficulty.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But did you hear my question or shall I repeat it?
Richard D. Fain: We heard the question. Maybe that was the problem, you asked about share buybacks. I don't know if that offended Jason.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, maybe, yes so -- I'm on pins and needles waiting for your answer.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. So obviously, as we progress through the Double-Double period, we generated a lot of free cash flow. And while it is obviously a Board of Directors' decision in terms of how we deploy that capital, we do think share buyback is a feasible way, as well as through the traditional dividend distribution process that we've done in the past.
Richard D. Fain: Felicia, you also asked us how that impacted on our objective of being investment-grade. And clearly, that's a part of our thought process. We continue to intend to be investment-grade, but we think we are well on the track to do so. We're already getting essentially investment-grade type pricing and type covenants. And so we think that any decision we made in terms of share buyback would keep that objective fairly in mind and would not be a really big factor in that progression.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great, very helpful. And then Jason, my follow-up question is just regarding the accounting changes that you made in the release. You -- I believe you're pretty clear in how you listed them out in the release, but we are getting a lot of questions this morning regarding why you called out the impacts from the Quantum of the Seas when it was already contemplated in your prior guidance. So I was just wondering if you could talk to that for a moment.
Jason T. Liberty: Yes, we were just calling it out. So this has always kind of been anticipated in our guidance. And so we were pointing it out as it relates to the fourth quarter because those few days that would typically be sitting in Q1 will be sitting in Q4. And we just thought it was important to point it out. But overall, this is really an immaterial change to our key statistics for the year.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But just to make sure I understand, so that $0.07 is not incremental to your fourth quarter. That was already in there before?
Jason T. Liberty: That was already in there before, that's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian from Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is Greg. Just first question is, it's very encouraging about your 2015 bookings. In the press release, you mentioned strong, robust, up year-over-year. And I'm just wondering maybe if you could parse out volume and pricing. In my book, maybe that's mid to high single-digit robust. Maybe if you wanted to give a little color, that would be great. If not, I understand.
Jason T. Liberty: The latter part of that was probably good to hear, that you would understand. It is very early in the cycle. But overall, we are -- and it's generally and it's across all products -- seeing good demand, so strong volumes, good pricing. I also, in my opening remarks, talked a little bit about for the Caribbean, that were really -- Q2 and beyond -- seeing that promotional activity that we've seen over the past several quarters dissipate as well.
Richard D. Fain: Yes, and then I think we did give a little color. Jason commented that we expected the increase to be better than the 2% to 3% that we have been looking forward to this year. And I think it's very encouraging to see a really very different tone in the market. And I think that's part of what we've been seeing, that's part of what you all have been seeing on your calls out to travel agents and others. The tone for 2015 is just very different. On the other hand, as you well know, we are -- we tend not to have big swings in terms of yield improvement. So that tends to ameliorate downswings when we have a bad year and it tends to put a governor on big upswings. But overall, the tone of the market is simply very encouraging for us. And that's why we went to the fairly unusual length of reaffirming -- or not reaffirming but confirming that we were comfortable with the Street's estimates for '15 and we don't usually do that this early.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, I would agree, I mean, that's what we're hearing, too. So it's good to see that. And just if I could ask a question on hedging. I know you typically like to do that more just to mitigate upswings in fuel, but could you opportunistically maybe hedge some more? Is that something that you'd consider, strategically, or not?
Jason T. Liberty: So we're always looking at trends and -- as it relates to both fuel and currency. And as we've talked about it in the past, we typically see, especially over the medium and long term, a kind of inverse relationship between currency and fuel. And so we're kind of maintaining that kind of 40% to 60% range on the fuel hedging, but it tends to kind of bode well over time relative to currency trends. But it is something that we are consistently watching.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So opportunistically, if you think, fuel is low now, you might consider maybe going a little bit to the upper end of that range?
Jason T. Liberty: It's definitely something in the consideration. But again, in that conversation, there is also taking a look at what's happening in the different currency markets relative to the U.S. dollar.
Operator: You're next question comes from the line of Tim Conder of Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A little more color if you could, again within the context of how much you're -- it's early and how much you're comfortable sharing, but I think you've alluded to that you expect China to be up again double digit in yields for '15. Any color, should we see similar acceleration or maybe a little bit deceleration from the performance that we've seen in Europe this year? And then any directional comments you want to give in relation to Europe or China as it relates to the Caribbean as far as yields for '15.
Adam M. Goldstein: Tim, it's Adam. We didn't make any specific projection about yields for next year in China. We obviously have a significant capacity increase, which is reflecting the optimism that we have about the continued development of the market and the position of Royal Caribbean International in it and specifically, the arrival of Quantum of the Seas right around midyear to China, which is clearly one of the more dramatic strategic steps that we have taken, really, over the course of our history. And having just been there last week at their big conference, it's clear that the arrival of a state-of-the-art cruise ship is being incredibly well received in the marketplace. The Chinese feel like they should have access -- immediate local access to the best cruise ships in the world, and now they're going to have that. So there's a lot of excitement, but it's early. China is a historically late booking market. There's a lot of group business that needs to be accomplished and so forth, so it will be until later quarters before we can comment on yield performance specifically.
Richard D. Fain: And then, Tim, talking about your other questions, Europe was a particularly good year this year, but part of that was compared to the prior year. Next year, we have relatively modest capacity increases in, sort of, the 5-odd percent range; which is I think -- we think quite manageable, and as I mentioned, the tone of the market is very good. We also have Anthem of the Seas starting up; which -- it's not only the Chinese who are excited about Anthem, it's also the U.S. market and the European market. It's really doing very well. Allure of the Seas is going over there next year for the summer, and that should be a positive move. And so -- and then if you look at -- your other question was, sort of, how that all interrelates into the Caribbean, Caribbean capacity, once we get past the first quarter is also doing fairly well. We actually have a decline in capacity next year as opposed to the 13% spike in capacity this year. So overall, I think all of those things are coming together to produce this very nice tone as we're looking into 2015.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then in relation to your booking curve commentary, are you seeing that extend in all geographic regions? I guess, as just a follow on to that. And then finally, TUI, with ongoing growth in the TUI Mein Schiff fleet, can you just give us some -- how we should think about the incremental impact of each ship to the profitability from TUI and then as it relates, of course, to your portion of those profits?
Jason T. Liberty: Tim, it's Jason. Just to comment real quick on the booking window. We have -- we've been talking about this for some time: An ongoing expansion in each key market of the booking curve.
Richard D. Fain: And, Tim, in relation to your question about TUI Cruises, TUI Cruises has been a very solid performer. I dearly wish it were included in our yield stats, because it would make them look very good. TUI Cruises has done an exceptional job of positioning itself in a very good way in a very good market. And the addition of these new vessels is really quite a powerful driver. The ships themselves are exceptional as the first ship's proven to be. And the fuel consumption is a fraction of what it was with the older ships. So that continues to be -- the new ships will continue to be powerful drivers, albeit below the line.
Jason T. Liberty: And Tim, just to add to your -- per your question, in terms of how to think about it. Obviously, this business performance improves every year. But I would look at as these ships are coming in on a pretty consistent basis, or about the same time, you can look at that year-over-year change as a way of thinking about the forward-looking years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman of Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: So obviously, a number of ships moving out of the Caribbean next year, and I think you spoke to trends commensurately getting better post 1Q. Can we maybe peel back the layers on that a little bit? Do you think that aggregate demand for the Caribbean market is getting any better? I think the comparisons probably get better post 1Q as well for the Caribbean. Or are you in fact seeing literally as ships leave that market, pricing firming up? And I guess, on the flip side of that, as some of the ships leave the Caribbean and go into other global markets, are you seeing any negative impact on pricing in those markets as that capacity gets added?
Jason T. Liberty: James, so I think looking at the Caribbean in itself, obviously, in the first quarter, there is some additional capacity there, for the industry and for us. There's also additional capacity with Quantum out of the Northeast. So that has some level of stress in the first quarter. But then as us and our competitors are taking capacity out, we are seeing the need for promotional activities to really be modified in terms of us having to do anything tactically. What we're not seeing is, as the capacity is going into other markets like Europe and Asia, a need for that environment to act in any way like the Caribbean environment did this past year. So we're not seeing a need to be promotional or do any unusual tactics in order to stimulate demand.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Very helpful. And then just to follow up on the whole Ebola issue. It sounds like in spite of that, you feel pretty good about next year, but how should we think about that? Do you think that it's having any discernible impact on your business for the fourth quarter and '15? Or would things have just looked all the better, had you not run into the Ebola hiccup here. You spoke to what SARS did to your business. Are you seeing a similar impact from Ebola?
Richard D. Fain: We're not seeing anything like the situation we had with SARS. I think the impact, so far, has been very small, and in fact, if anything, the press seems to have changed, so there's much more discussion of why we overreacted rather than the actual overreaction. So no, we're not seeing anything -- so far, we're not seeing anything like the situation with SARS. I gave that parallel because I think we've had a lot of questions as to how should one look at these things and if there had been an issue. But at this point, we're not seeing anything like that. The impact has been quite small.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis of Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on Europe. So I'm a little bit surprised by the strength of the comments that you made with respect to Europe, given that there is a 5%, 5.5% capacity growth and still a relatively soft economy. Can you give us a little bit more color on where you're seeing that strength? What is the source of it?
Jason T. Liberty: Hi Harry. It's Jason. Similarly, last year, we saw very strong demands pattern coming from North America as well as from Europe. And those are very similar demand patterns, actually, probably slightly elevated demand patterns that we're seeing from the North American consumer for European itineraries as well as for European -- selling European itineraries. It's obviously still very early in the cycle, especially for the European consumer. But those trends are continuing to bode well.
Richard D. Fain: Harry, I think also -- sorry, it's Richard. If you could also -- your comment was more addressed, sort of, in a macro sense. And part of what we're seeing is the strength of our brands. And I think people always underestimate the importance of brand and the brand strength, how that gets communicated to the consumer, both directly and through the travel agents. And we have done a lot that has strengthened the role of our brands. I think that is being seen, as I say, both by the public individually but also the travel agents who continue to be an important driver. And so that also helps us do perhaps a little better than might be seen, purely looked at it from a macro point of view. And that's why we've put a lot of focus on developing our brands.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So then the follow-up question would be, can you remind me what the mix of North American passengers is typically in Europe?
Jason T. Liberty: Hi Harry. About 1/3 -- well, 2/3 of the guests for European sailings come from Europe, with the balance coming mainly from North America.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions. One is just to clarify, since I think there were some questions about Q4. If you could just tell me if I'm thinking about the math right. Really, even without the $0.07 of benefit from the accounting change, the only thing really changing are some expenses shifting between quarters, and of course, FX and fuel, which we knew about before today. But on a fundamental basis, it looks like your guidance for Q4 is just the midpoint of what you talked about before. So tell me if I'm doing the math right, but I don't actually see a change in any of the drivers. So I would -- it looks like it's, kind of, relatively in line. And then my second question is when you sold the ship to Ctrip, you really didn't say much about it, but Ctrip's talked about having discussions with you to do a joint venture. So I wonder if you could talk a little bit about how soon Ctrip's -- this startup cruise line could be operating and selling in China?
Jason T. Liberty: Robin, just taking on Q4. The proration was always in our guidance, or even in the implied guidance previously. So our business is actually slightly better in Q4 than we had anticipated. Some of that comes from cost, but some of that's also top line, and some is also below the line. But in general, it's slightly better. Unfortunately, currency has been a headwind for us, with mainly the strengthening of the pound, the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar during that period which is more exposed to those currencies.
Richard D. Fain: And Robin, to answer your second question, as you pointed out, we haven't said a lot about that. Ctrip did make some comments. But our practice has been not to really talk about things unless they are firm. And while we did enter into a letter of intent with them and are pursuing those conversations, we really feel that these are the sorts of things any prudent businessperson looks at. But until they're final, they're not final, and we don't speculate on where that might lead.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva of Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: A couple of questions on the cost side. Jason, you mentioned that half of the decline in Q3 was due to timing, and so that will be spent in Q4. What would be the biggest item there? Is it the advertising? I don't imagine it's drydocks at this point.
Jason T. Liberty: Hi Assia. Yes, so in terms of the cost side, the things that are shifting, it's really a sundry of different things. It's not one specific thing within the quarter. But some of that is -- it's mainly timing things around the things that we're doing on the ships.
Assia Georgieva: And overall, when you look at the full year, has your advertising spend been higher than you anticipated or pretty much in line?
Richard D. Fain: I would say largely in line.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. And the second question relates to scrubber technology. Do you anticipate a more accelerated drydock schedule over the next couple of years to be complying with the ECA regulations?
Jason T. Liberty: Hi Assia. In terms of our schedules, our capacity numbers, our CapEx numbers, all -- forward-looking, all contemplate the implementation of the Advanced Emissions Purification systems; which we call them scrubbers.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. And in terms of the actual cost of the drydock, we should expect possibly a slight increase in net cruise cost over the next 12 months, 18-month period, is that fair?
Richard D. Fain: We've -- all of that has been in our figures, we've been working on the AEP for a long time. And it's in all of our projections. We've been doing some of that. We have -- the first working scrubber came out 6 months ago. We had the first working scrubber on a new building 6 months ago. Quantum of the Seas has -- I'm sorry, AEP. Quantum of the Seas has and will next week, when she comes out, will have a good, working AEP system. We think we also have the only working prototype on an existing ship that I'm aware of. And that's been operating for quite a while for us. So we think we understand the cost. We've incorporated them in our guidance, and we're just moving forward. It is, of course, a new technology and new technology can bring surprises. But so far, we are moving along the trajectory that we set forth a while ago.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. And one last question. In terms of the booking curve and how far you're booked during 2015, is it fair to say that you're at about 25%?
Jason T. Liberty: We're not going to be specific on our exact book position. Typically, we have said in the past that we cross the year at about 50% booked, and that's traditionally pretty linear. So you can try to work in the math from there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent of Goldman Sachs. Okay. Your next question comes from Jaime Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So the guidance for next year sounds like it implies that yields will be slightly higher at least; which has some implications for the cost, at least on an as-reported basis, perhaps they could tick up. So can you talk a little bit about the best opportunities you have to control those costs or maybe where you might see some headwinds in the year ahead?
Jason T. Liberty: First, I mean, just to point out, we really pointed to that we were comfortable with that number. So you can imply different -- people can have different scenarios in terms of what the key statistics will look like. There are always headwinds in which we're facing, investments in new opportunities, there's inflationary costs and so forth. And then there are also opportunities; which we try to balance in that conversation as it relates to scale and as it relates to just general continuous improvement activities; which is why we still maintain very committed to our cost-conscious culture. But there aren't -- there isn't anything in particular that is a serious headwind. But as Richard commented in his remarks, we are looking -- there is possible spend on things that we would see a quick turnaround in terms of bottom line performance on that we're always considering.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Rollo of Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First question was just on the pricing approach. I think you said you're going to take a more consistent approach that could offset load factors. It sounds like a price increase, but could you just talk a bit about that, please?
Richard D. Fain: Well, I think it's pretty dramatic for us to be in a position where despite a quite considerable amount of -- 2 new ships coming on next year, in our core markets, U.S. and Europe, we actually have fewer beds to sell. And I think that's a testament to the strength of the market. We've also indicated that they are on the books at higher pricing. And one of the comments that we made, and I think everybody is aware of, is that it is a significant de-motivator and source of quite a bit of upset when somebody books the cruise early and then the price goes down as we approach the end. So clearly, we feel that we're in a position to hold the price and not to give the kind of last-minute discounts that were more a feature, particularly this year in the Caribbean. And we think we're in a position to do that, and that's our plan going forward. And I think that's part of the reason why we feel so confident in what we said, the specific guidance we have given for 2015. I think it is also more generally a positive indicator for the achievement of our Double-Double Program.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So is this, sort of, a change in the strategy away from maximizing occupancy or is it just a function of the stronger demand environment?
Richard D. Fain: I don't -- I think it is a realization that our objective is always to maximize our total revenue -- total net revenue. And it's our view is to the best way to accomplish that. So it is a bit of a change, and it's a change that's enabled by the better markets. So I'm not sure which comes first, but it does reflect a change, and in my mind, not a trivial one.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then could you help us understand this, sort of, yield benefits from Quantum and Anthem next year. In the past you've said these newer vessels generate at least a 20% yield premium. And I think together, those 2 are about 6% of your capacity. So is it fair for us to say that the mix benefits about or at least 1% to the group from those ships next year?
Jason T. Liberty: I won't comment specifically, Jamie. But what we have said, for ships that are post 2006, that those ships were delivering yields that were 25% higher than ships from previous periods. I do think it's -- you kind of using that as a default is a prudent way of looking at the contribution for Quantum and Anthem. Obviously, ships post 2006 have Oasis and Solstice and Freedom class and so forth in there. And obviously, with Quantum coming out and our commentary about their booking similarly to Oasis and Allure can, kind of, help you index to where that probably settles out.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just final one. On the TUI JV, the other income line was very big, $18 million, $19 million. How much of that was TUI, please?
Jason T. Liberty: We don't specifically call out TUI, but a large percentage of that is related to TUI.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to delve a little bit more into the Chinese, kind of, opportunity that you have because it's obviously becoming much more important. So could you, kind of, update us on what the distribution structure looks like in China and then how that passenger really behaves on the ship relative to what we see in North America or in Europe?
Adam M. Goldstein: Sharon, it's Adam. So as we've said many times, and probably will continue to say for a while, as excited as we are about the strategic opportunity, this entire market situation is very much still in its infancy. And one of our biggest responsibility as an industry leader is to develop the kind of distribution fidelity in China that we have earned over the years in North America and in Europe. It is there to a degree. It's particularly concentrated today in the large coastal population centers in and around Shanghai and in and around Beijing and Tianjin. It clearly has the opportunity to go over more of the country as time goes on. I suspect we're going to see new forms of distribution emerging in China; not only different from what there is today, where some of the traditional distributors from earlier times remain relatively visible in the distribution equation, to possibly, forms of distribution that we haven't seen anywhere, because China is just such a novel and different proposition. But what's interesting is that as travel agents are learning more about our products and services and beginning to experience them for themselves. They are apparently forming the same type of enthusiasm to explain them to prospective customers as we've seen in other markets. So the second part of your question about the experience on board, the Chinese clearly love the product. We get very strong ratings from a satisfaction standpoint. Interestingly, for the Royal Caribbean International brand, which anyway has sort of been focusing in recent years on multigenerational family travel, and I would say excelling at that, that's a very relevant proposition to the Chinese consumer, with the single child policy and a lot of vacations taking place in the form of grandparents, parents, and child and all generations of the family enjoying themselves on our ships. We are trying to introduce them to Western experiences, at the same time as tweaking culinary and entertainment and activities to make sure they can, sort of, go in and out of their Chinese comfort zone into Western experiences as they see fit. It's hard to generalize about a whole nationality, but clearly, the Chinese customers enjoy being where the action is on board, in terms of activities and culinary and -- or maybe not as much in the outdoor areas as they are -- as we see in other markets. But overall, they love their cruises just like pretty much everybody else in the world.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And Adam, I think I was kind of gearing towards, is the on-board spending profile similar to what we see in other regions?
Adam M. Goldstein: There are differences from line to line compared to other nationalities; which we prefer to keep that differentiation to ourselves. But overall, it's a very positive on-board revenue environment compared to our norm.
Jason T. Liberty: Thank you for your assistance, Brandy, with the call today, and we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Laura will be available for any follow-ups you may have, and we all wish you a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason Liberty - SVP and CFO Richard Fain - Chairman and CEO Adam Goldstein - President and COO Michael Bayley - President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises Laura Hodges - VP of IR
 :
Analysts:  Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Robin Farley - UBS  James Hardiman - Longbow Research Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs  Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup 
Operator:   Good morning and welcome to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited 2014 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I will now hand today’s call over to Jason Liberty. Please go ahead.
Jason Liberty: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Laura Hodges, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our Investor Web site www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined. And a reconciliation of these items can be found on our Web site. We are changing the format up a bit today instead of each of us providing commentary on the selected details within our operations, Richard is going to provide a slightly longer strategic overview explaining the Double-Double program and how we plan to get there, I will then follow-up with a recap of our second quarter results, provide an update on the business environment, and give our outlook for the third quarter and full year. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thanks, Jason and good morning everybody. As always, we appreciate the opportunity to provide more color on the earnings release and to talk about our progress. As Jason said, we are changing our usual format today to focus on our strategic opportunities and I would like to first start by providing a full description of what we are trying to accomplish with our Double-Double program and why we believe it’s a right thing to do. As you know we have been dissatisfied with an unacceptably low level of ROIC and we have been working hard to bring our returns to more realistic levels.  Fortunately, we believe we are now on the verge of some dramatic breakthroughs in this regard and this is time to push us over the top. To achieve a dramatic change in performance, it’s important where possible to articulate clear and measurable goals. The Double-Double program is intended to do precisely that. Obviously these are aggressive goals especially since our starting point will be record earnings this year. And obviously there are more risks and uncertainties inherent in any such program. Nevertheless, we have been putting in place aggressive measures that we expect will enable us to achieve both of these two important goals. There is always a danger in publicly announcing such an ambitious program but we feel that publicly disclosing these goals actually helps us drive the organizational initiatives that are still important to accomplishing them. It also provides what we hope is useful information to you our shareholders. As you know we have for sometime pointed to the underlying strength of our business model. It is enormously gratifying now to see that strength beginning to prove itself. The difficulties over the last few years really have obscured the very strong power of our business model and I am pleased that that business model power is reasserting itself. Our Double-Double program rests on three key pillars, optimizing revenues; controlling costs and moderate growth. I would like to comment on each of these briefly. The real driver of our long-term success of course will be our success in delivering the revenue side of the equation and here I believe we have a lot of potential. Some of the reasons for this is structural and some of the reasons for this are specific actions that we are undertaking. Structurally, the difficult period we’re just emerging from has had a double whammy on us. Firstly there has been the general pressure on pricing. Secondarily, there has also been a compression of pricing as the general market environment improves, we are seeing a general rise in price and we are also benefiting disproportionately from the decompression effect as well. We see four particular areas of opportunity for significant revenue expansion. The first bucket of revenue opportunity is exploiting the strength of our brands. I think people all too often underestimate the incredible power of a strong brand. The strength of a brand’s reputation and its market position go beyond purely quantitative differences. Done properly, good brand positioning is important driver of revenue and profitability. Today, our brands enjoyed an extremely strong market position and our teams are obsessively focused on taking advantage of their growing relative popularity. For example, Royal Caribbean International continues to deliver the while and the introduction of Quantum of the Seas will take this step further. At the same time celebrity’s simplification and intensification program is propelling its performance to new levels. We are seeing an upsurge in the popularity of the Celebrity brand and in our ability to attract the most profitable guests.  And as Azamara is achieving double-digit yield improvement with its destination a Mercian and rising popularity. The second revenue bucket is the globalization of our brands, which helps us not only through diversification but also through better positioning. Our global footprint gives us a unique opportunity to take advantage of different markets at different times. For example in 2013, when we see U.S. market being particularly strong and Europe was suffering, we were able to shift sourcing by bringing more Americans to travel on our European itineraries. In 2004, the relative economic position switched and we’ve been able to use our global footprint to bring more Europeans to U.S. itineraries. The third bucket is the growth of Asia in general and China in particular. Our brand has established a terrific market position in China and the deployment of Quantum of the Seas is storing an enormous amount of excitement there. The fourth and the final revenue bucket relates to Pullmantur. It’s been a long time since I have referred to Pullmantur as providing upside potential. But today Pullmantur is on the cost of turning an important corner. We have now completed the sale of these non-core businesses and we’ve increased our focus on Latin America. I am happy today to extend a welcome to Jorge Vilches who has recently taken over as CEO of Pullmantur. For a while now Pullmantur has been a significant sea anchor to our progress. Dragged down by a simply horrific Spanish economy. Now while we don’t expect a miraculous resurgence of the Spanish economy anytime soon, we do expect that merely alleviating that negative drag will help us significantly. Argo we have an opportunity to achieve significant top line growth driven especially in four areas of opportunity; the strength of our brands, exploiting our global footprint, enhancing our position in China and Asia and turning around Pullmantur. All of these factors present us with an unparalleled opportunity. The role of our Double-Double program is to make sure we take advantage of these opportunities. Now while we’re excited about the potentials on the revenue side, it remains crucial that the cost side of the equation remain under just as much focus. Our business is a broad and complex one and controlling costs requires a discipline throughout the organization. That culture of cost control has engrained itself nicely throughout our enterprise. Going forward to achieve our Double-Double objectives, it’s important that we continue to maintain that strong focus on controlling costs commencement with our product delivery requirements. The third pillar of our strategic trust is moderate growth. One of the drivers in improved results is the fact that we’re growing capacity more slowly than we have in the past. We believe that this more moderate growth allows us to do a better job of maintaining the premium nature of our products and the premium nature of our pricing. That drives higher overall returns going forward. At the same time we cannot allow our product and our brands to stagnate. Sometime ago we set our course on moderate growth and we publicly annunciated an expectation of 3% to 5% average compound growth. We believe the 3% to 5% continues to be an appropriate range for us and we do not expect to deviate from that level. Of course shift deliveries come in big lumps rather than gradual changes in the growth curve. As a result there will be significant difference in the figures for individual years, but over time the average has and should continue to be in that range. As we said before we don’t comment on the plans of our TUI Cruises joint venture. That operates separately and we’re not including it in the above comments. One last topic I’d like to comment on is the issue of seasonality and the timing of our earnings. We manage our business on a calendar year basis but we often find that shifts between quarters can cause confusion. It very much reminds me of the science class I took in high school. The teacher showed us a cup of water and pointed out how peaceful and calm the water was. However, when he put the water under the microscope we could see that beneath the surface there was a huge amount of activity going on. While the overall result was calm water looking at any one of the individual components was anything but predictable. Similarly for us, our predictions for the overall figures have been surprisingly accurate within any given year. But we often see anomalies within that period. I think that it’s remarkable that overall our revenue estimates have generally been within a percent or so of the actual. But I think everybody realizes that nobody can consistently be that precise. Rather the law of large numbers applies. But we often have significant variances in individual areas but these tend to offset one another. Thus in the first quarter of this year we did worse than we expected. In this quarter, we’ve done better. Within any individual quarter everything has an impact, even seemingly small things. Fortunately, they tend to average out over the year. And it’s not only revenue that bounces around. Because many of our operating expenses are for large items changing the timing of something like repair work can easily shift expenses from one quarter to another.  Lastly, I should point out that there is a seasonality factor, sometimes one quarter does better in revenues than another. Not surprisingly that may at first imply to a reader but there is a trend that will carry on into the next quarter. If this quarter is up or down, it makes sense that the next quarter will be up or down too. It seems logical but we often find that the cost for the variance is really due to particular markets, not to particular time periods. If Alaska does particularly well that helps the third quarter but don’t help the fourth quarter because we don’t go to Alaska much in the fourth quarter. This phenomenon makes it difficult to extrapolate subsequent quarters based on trends in the current quarter.  Before handing the call back to Jason, I have to express our excitement over the recent delivery of TUI Cruises first new building, Mein Schiff 3. This 2,500 passenger ship is not only aesthetically a marvel but she is the first new building to be delivered with advanced emission purification technology. Together with an advanced haul and other energy saving technologies, the ship incorporates some of our best learning’s for environmental friendliness. I would also like to comment on our excitement about the construction of Quantum of the Seas. This ship will float out from the dock in a few week and it’s exhilarating to see the innovations on-board come to life. With that it’s my pleasure to turn the call back to Jason for a closer review of the quarter’s performance and forecast. Jason?
Jason Liberty :  Thank you, Richard. I will begin by taking you through our results for the second quarter unless I state differently all metrics will be on a constant currency basis. We have summarized our second quarter results on slide 2. For the quarter, we generated adjusted net income of $0.66 per share which was $0.16 above the midpoint of our guidance. Net revenue yields were up 2.6 for the quarter which was 60 basis points better than a midpoint of our guidance. Better than expected pricing on close-in business for Europe and Asia, sailings drove this outperformance. As anticipated the environment in Caribbean has remained highly promotional and ticket revenue yields for the product were down year-over-year. However, this was more than offset by continued strength on European and Asian itineraries where we had double-digit yield improvements for the quarter. On-board revenue initiatives continue to deliver positive results with a second quarter increase of 3%, making it the 10th consecutive quarter of our on-board revenue growth. Better load factor and a continued success of initiatives such as beverage packages as well as Internet services drove this positive increase. Net cruise cost excluding fuel decreased 4.7% for the quarter which was 220 basis points better than the midpoint of our guidance. All of these savings are timely related and are expected to be spent during the balance of the year. So, below the line was favorable by $0.06 per share driven mainly by the continued success of equity investments like TUI Cruises and a portion of the change and value of our derivative entry.  Now, I would like to update you on what you’re seeing on the booking environment. Since our last call, booking volumes have been significantly higher during the same period in last year and the booking window continues to expand. Load factors and APDs for 2014 are ahead of same time last year for both remaining quarters. While it is very early in the booking cycle, we are encouraged with the early patterns for 2015 with both load factors and APDs up versus same time last year. At the itinerary level, trends into our April call have not changed. We continue to see a highly promotional Caribbean environment counterbalanced by extremely strong demand for European and China sailing. Demand for the Caribbean itineraries which account for 46% of the full year and 28% of the third quarter, to remain highly price sensitive. We have taken advantage of recent reservation system enhancements which was offered different types of promotions which have resonated well with our debt. These have also driven strong demand for these itineraries. Although, we are expecting yield decline on most seven nights Caribbean and short Caribbean itinerary, we continue to generate pricing premiums on Oasis class hardware and are seeing material year-over-year improvement in summer load factors on these ships. You will recall that we were 80% booked for European sailing at the time of our April call. Strong advanced sales left us with less supply to sail which in-turn is leading to quality closing demand in each of our core sourcing market. Guest bookings within three month of sailing are paying approximately 20% more than they did same time last year. While it’s not material, our five remaining Black Sea sailings have been stressed due to the unfortunate situation in the region but this has been more than offset by strength through the rest of the Mediterranean. We are pleased with how the summer season is shaping up and we continue to anticipate a double-digit yield improvement for the product this year. Looking forward, we still have a conservative outlook on the Caribbean; we remain bullish on Europe, Asia and Alaska sailings for the remainder of the year.  As Richard discussed the Double-Double program provides us strategic platform to guide internal decision making and demonstrates our commitment to drive compelling returns to our investors. These long-term goals are conversions on our ongoing efforts to drive disruptive revenue growth while remaining focused on cost within an environment that has moderate capacity growth. Double-Double program will be a clear goal we strove towards over the coming years and ensure us proper focus on our core financial objectives. Taking into account all we just told you, I would like to summarize our updated guidance for the full year and third quarter. If you turn to Slide 3, you will see our updated guidance for the full year 2014. Net revenue yields and net cruise excluding fuel are expected to be consistent with our previous guidance with no revenue yields expected to increase between 2% and 3% and net cruise cost excluding fuel is expected to be flat to slightly down. As I previously stated continued strength and pricing for European and Asian sailings combined with strong onboard revenue expectations are driving this growth. Also 16 million and lower than expected costs realized in the second quarter are timing related and are expect to be spent during the balance of the year. Our fuel cost for the year have decreased slightly since our April call to $949 million driven mainly by rates and we’re 55% hedged for the remainder of 2014 at a price of $614 per metric tonnes. Based on current fuel prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates we are raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance to be between $3.40 and $3.50 for the full year. Now I’d like to walk you through our third quarter guidance on Slide 4. Net yields are expected to be up by approximately 4%, our deployment mix shift substantially in Q3, we have 44% of our capacity in Europe, 28% in the Caribbean, 10% in Alaska and 7% inside China. As a result the Caribbean pricing environment is less influential on our overall yield in Q3 and significant improvements in Europe and China as well as positive yield trends in our Alaska sailing are having more of an impact on our overall yield growth. Net cruise cost excluding fuel are expected to be flat tough one, we have included $231 million of fuel expense for the quarter. Also we expect positive year-over-year impact below the line for the quarter driven mainly by the recent delivery of TUI Cruises Mein Schiff 3. Taking all of this into account we expect adjusted earnings per share to be approximately $2.20 for the quarter. With that I will ask our operator Tamika to open up the call for questions and answers. Tamika.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities:  Thank you for the multi-year benchmarks and the accountability that it implies. A couple of things here, Jason or Richard whoever wants to take this. Just maybe a little more color on what you’re seeing early in ‘15 and as it relates to that I know again your global deployment is great and that’s yielding fabulous benefits here. But the Caribbean, where do you see at this point a potential turning point for the industry and you guys are outperforming there. But where do you see that at this point?
Richard Fain: As it relates to 2015, it really is very early in the process, and the positive trends that’s what I talked about really things that we’re seeing across the products at this point in time. But I didn’t give any more detail would not provide you better information that will be just communicated. As it relates to the Caribbean, I think, overall I think we’re really kind of getting close to that inflection point. We’re seeing a very consistent environment in there and it’s been actually quite consistent to what we saw on our April call. So I think it’s quite predictable at this point in time.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: And from an inflection point, are you thinking here with over the next by the end of the year. Is that fair for the industry from what you’re implying?
Richard Fain: I think what I am implying, I think again going into, again it’s very early on we’re seeing a positive outlook on demand for the Caribbean going into ‘15.
Jason Liberty: I think Tim one comment we can make, one of the issues in the Caribbean has been the fact that has been so much capacity there. And we always over compensate for these things I am afraid. And that situation carries on through the first quarter of 2015. So I think just to gage it in terms of where the turning point would come. The first quarter is obviously going to be more difficult than the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter as we’re looking ahead to next year. But I think our process is that we look very much on a way bookings are coming in. And we’re not sure that, we don’t see enough bookings yet this early in the period to start being much more specific than we’re being.
Tim Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: And if I may one more question for Mr. Bayley. Michael again great progress in the brand. When you came into the position here and where we stand now. How would you characterize I guess the low hanging fruit that you saw coming in granted that your predecessor has done a lot of work before that. Where we started the job where did you see low hanging fruit from your perspective and where would say we are, if you want to say an inning to the ballgame so to speak?
Michael Bayley:  I think when I came into the position, I was fortunate in many ways because literally the brand was just about to take delivery of the fifth of the Solstice-class ships. And really so there have been a transformation in the brand as it relates to the hardware and so much of the energy and resources of the organization was so focused on taking delivery of all of these beautiful ships that I was in a position where, because we have finalized the delivery of the final ship that we could really focus our energy on delivering against the strategy that we created. So, I think it’s a journey as you pointed out. We started that journey in late 2012 early 2013 and I feel we are probably about 30% of our way through that journey. We have got a lot more to get done and we have got fairly clear plans for the future, so that’s kind of where we are.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Brian Dobson with Nomura. Brian your line is open. There is no response from that line. We will go to the next question. Your next question is from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel:  Good morning guys. So, Richard I guess the first question is with basically your EPS goal now, have you kind of projected out the 2017 you are linking almost $7 a share in earnings and that basically implying 25% earnings growth basically for the next three years or so. So, I guess from a capital standpoint, you guys start to think about the way you are going to deploy capital to shareholders, I mean does a share repurchase program makes sense at this point?
Richard Fain: Well, I do think you are right, Steve, as you say we get to a point with this kind of profitability where the cash generation becomes a new problem to have. It’s not a problem that we are that familiar with to be honest or to be blunt but it’s a nice problem to have and I do think we are beginning to talk about that. And we have said in the past that over time we think returning cash to shareholders is an appropriate thing for us to be reviewing. We did double our dividend just under a year ago and so either higher dividends or cash repurchase seems to me as the success is coming through and the cash flows are coming through is very much of an issue that we should we discussing. It’s very much of an issue that is the Board is discussing and does discuss and I think it’s not necessarily appropriate for me to preempt them but you are right it’s a new problem for us to have but it’s a good one and we will be addressing it.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel: Okay, got you and then second question, I don’t know who wants to take this may be you Richard as well but broader question with China. And I know there is a lot of hype out there about the opportunity in China over the long term but how do you guys decide what’s the appropriate type of investment to put in that market? And then may be help us think about where the investments will fall in that market as well?
Richard Fain: I will start and then Jason or Adam they want to chime-in. It’s proven to be a very successful market for us but it’s still young and we are still investing in two ways. First of all, the capital investment I think the move of Quantum was a pretty bold move now and looking back at it, it was a pretty obvious one but I feel these things are always obvious after the fact. I think that reflects our commitment to the market. It will of course, I think we mentioned this earlier that it requires some, not only capital investment with the ships that we have put in and very high growth rate that we have been having there and also requires an investment in infrastructure and in operating cost and that has challenged us this year and will be a challenge next year. We look at the bottom-line impact and see it’s very positive but there is some clear investment needed whenever you are developing any market but particularly one that is so fundamentally different than the other markets that we have penetrated
Jason Liberty:  Steve, I will add on a little bit. If I continue with the sports analogy that Tim used earlier, we are certainly pleased with its how gone so far. I would say it’s something like we have scored a couple of runs in the first inning but there is a lot more innings play in that game. We have a tremendous work ahead of us to do in terms of developing the consumer awareness of our products and services. We have a significant undertaking in terms of developing the kind of distribution and loyalty of distribution that we have achieved in North American and European theaters. We have a program next year with four different ships, operating out of four different homeports in China that’s something that we could not have envisioned even a few years ago really to reach the targets that we have will take a lot of work. But we’re excited about it, definitely as the momentum and we feel like we created a leadership position for the Royal Caribbean international brand and we certainly want to see where can go with the momentum that we have.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital:  I have a question regarding the Double-Double program. I was wondering can you talk about how management incentives might be aligned with achieving those goals.
Richard Fain:  Yes, I think that to accomplish something like this, sometimes it helps to -- we have to shift the mindset. We’ve been working on this for a while here, I do want to emphasize that this is not something that’s starting today, obviously this is something we’ve been working on and you think you know that. But to make the kind of shift that you want, I think one of the things that Royal Caribbean has been so successful at is that to get the whole organization to move in a certain direction. And yes we’re using our incentives to accomplish that and we have put in and expect to put in some special incentives to make sure that everybody is focused first on the beginning of that period but also although it hasn’t been finalized it is likely that as we’re looking at our longer term incentive programs like our performance space share things that we will be considering making the Double-Double targets which is a three year goal, the measuring stick for those. So we think when an organization works everything has to work together and that includes the compensation, the incentive compensation. And I think we’re seeing its working.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital:  And Richard also you talked in the beginning of your prepared remarks about cost and you now have a cultured cost control. Just regarding cost expected to be flat slightly down this year. For next year would you expect to continue that kind of flat to slightly down trend particularly given the delivery of these two new ships. And I know you’re not ready to give guidance but I guess what I am trying to figure out is there anything that you can foresee coming up that would cost net cruise costs excluding fuel to be up next year?
Jason Liberty: I think in terms of its early on for us as we’re going through our planning cycle to be thinking about costs. But I think our general commitment to our cost culture really remains unchanged. But there will clearly be inflationary pressures, new investments as well as cost efficiencies that will be kind of considered in that equation. But I would just say our overall commitments sustain but those pressures are really now we’re beginning to take into consideration.
Richard Fain: And I think I would Felicia emphasize as I did before that the focus is on getting the total profitability and so if we’d love to keep having zero rose costs. I think we see that our real objective is the bottom line. And so for example coming back to the question Steve asked, the cost in China, if we’re to include those costs and take us slightly over what we would like to be but it generates more in revenue than we would do that. So it’s really question of the balance in our minds rather than a bring line on the page.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital:  And then Jason you sounded in response to another question kind of get into the granularity about the Caribbean. But I think a lot of us on the call are just trying to figure out how that’s looking right now in the third quarter. And so given we all know that the environment is promotional. So if you can give us any kind of color at all that would be helpful.
Jason Liberty:  I think in terms of just general color to start off with is that really is a very similar environment to what we were experiencing three months ago. I wish I could tell you that something had dramatically changed but it’s been actually quite similar. But the volumes have been pretty steady; it’s just that this required the promotional technique. The other color that I had said in my remarks is there is a little bit more pressure on the Caribbean and seven nights -- on the seven nights and on the shore Caribbean product. But that’s generally kind of being balanced out. So it’s a very similar picture.
Richard Fain: And I think in fairness we’ve made it clear it actually got quite a bit worse between the first quarter and the second quarters. And I think we conveyed that in the second quarter call. As Jason says I think it’s more or less stabilized since then. But actually that’s partially because we brought to bear more yield management techniques and systems that we’ve talked about before coming online. And that it helped us offset what otherwise might have been three quarters in the Caribbean.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS :  Great, thanks. Looking at your Double-Double program and your ambitious earnings target, I know you talked about some of the qualitative ways that you will get there and I totally understand that there will be different moving pieces contributing to it. But just too sort of think about it quantitatively because your capacity increases are pretty fixed right between now and 2017, so it has to be set in stone. And if we assume may be some load expense growth per unit given the investments you are making, is it kind of implying yield growth like compound annual yield growth north of 4%. Is that sort of in the ballpark of what you are thinking?
Jason Liberty:  So, I think that I would probably answer it that obviously there will be some add inflows in terms of how it plays out in each year but I think what we really look at is what our commitment on the cost side and then the others just look at how our yields have grown over the past five years. So, I think we really see moderate gross, I think 4% on average would be on the higher side on average but that’s kind of how we kind of came to that basic math.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, so maybe there is actually expense reduction kind of per unit.
Richard Fain: I think Robin, we are really uncomfortable in trying to get too much into the details of this, I think we all have our models. As you say the capacity number is fixed, I think we are pressing on cost but I think if I heard your last comment correctly, I don’t think we are thinking that there is going to be a dramatic improvement in cost. We just think that is a very strong underlying business model, particularly on the revenue side and when we extrapolate it out we think that it makes these targets doable. And we are determined to work towards that goal and make it happen. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Great, thanks and then just lastly you talked about how some of the factors affecting one quarter don’t necessarily when you shift into the next quarter an itineraries change. So, I wonder if you could just give us a little color on Q4 but because there is now kind of an implied Q4 guidance since you have guidance through Q3 included guidance.
Richard Fain: That always makes us happy here because we implicitly end up giving two quarter rather than just one, Jason.
Robin Farley - UBS: And then so that still you are implying a pretty healthy guidance in Q4 and it’s in line with our expectation but I just wanted to hear since you won’t have as much European capacity, just hear a little bit about what’s driving the growth in Q4?
Jason Liberty:  I think in terms of the general growth in Q4, it is relatively consistent for us in terms of having some upside happening from Europe and Asia because we do have some of those sailings come in and that we are dealing with a very similar environment, actually very similar booking environment for Q4 on the Caribbean side. But I don’t think again there has been a big change on the guidance side. I think on the cost side, as we said some of the savings that we had identified in Q2 was actually realized in Q2 that will shift into the future quarters and Q3 and Q4 would be included in those comments.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura. Your line is open. The next question is from the line of Robert Hagenbach (ph) with SunTrust.
Unidentified Analyst : Thanks. This is Robert in for Patrick Scholes. So, you obviously put up some pretty strong guidance for net yields in the third quarter and we have actually been expecting that given us some strength we have seen in our own pricing work, that same pricing work really shows you guys are pretty big outlier to the industry, meaning seem to be outperforming your peers. May be you could give us just some incremental color in terms of why you think that is and how you expect to sustain that?
Richard Fain: I think I am not sure on how we can describe it in more detail. We focus on how our performance is going and the steps we are taking both on the marketing side, the yield management side and managing the demand. I know its little better than may be we were expecting before but basically the yield has just been holding up and I think we are very proud of the revenue management people who we have internally who predict these things and they have been remarkably accurate. Obviously some luck goes into that but also we spent a lot of time and money developing these systems. We have continued to invest in these systems; by the way I would refer you back to some commentary we made over the last couple of years that we’ve invested a great deal in building these systems and building the capabilities. And I think that our people have tried to come up with good models and they have been remarkably accurate. So we actually haven’t ended up changing our yields forecast as we’ve gone through the year and I would congratulate them in being able to do that. Obviously we can’t always be this accurate but they have been pretty good and I think we will continue to invest in these systems, because we think they do help us.
Unidentified Analyst: And a quick follow up, forgive me if you mentioned this before. But I believe you recently launched a new pre-onboard planning tool. Could you give us any sense of what the usage of that has been and if you’ve seen any visible uptick in spending from that?
Adam Goldstein:  It’s too soon to associate the use of cruise planner with the onboard revenue outcomes, because that will be something that unfolds over these next few quarters. It was important to us, it is important to us that cruise planner tool will be used particularly by the people who have booked Quantum of the Seas for its first few months, and in fact the derivation of cruise planner was very much inspired by all the different features in many different Quantum and then applying that opportunity for the rest of the fleet. So for Quantum its run very well, we’re very pleased with the usage of the cruise planner tool for that purpose. While we’re at it not that you ask, but we have a lot of upcoming developments that we think will be beneficial for onboard revenue on top of beverage packages which we’ve mentioned and internet services which has already been very positive for us. But we’re now just about two months away from having the O3b expanded Internet capabilities that we’ve really been working hard on for a long time behind the scenes with this O3b Company that used satellite technology specifically for the purpose of beaming LAN speed bandwidth down to earth. And although they didn’t think of cruise ships when they created that technology we end up being a perfect solution for it. And we will bring that out on Allure of the Seas this fall and then Quantum and Oasis and this will be a revolutionary breakthrough and the capability of cruise ships to receive significant bandwidth at great speeds. And we’re very excited about that and how we’ll be very interesting addition to our other onboard revenue capabilities which have been performing very well for actually all of our brands in recent past.
Unidentified Analyst: Since you mentioned on that new capability. Is the plan set to monetize that in any way marketing in other words competitive advantage in terms of ticket pricing that you charge is it in uptick or is it increase in pricing that you’ll charge for Internet service or would you expect there to just be higher usage of that service?
Richard Fain: I think the Millennials are an enormous market for us and to be able to offer them home like coverage at sea is an enormous advantage and I don’t think we’ve talked enough about it when we will have more bandwidth on one ship than every other ship in the industry combined. You are talking about something that we think will help us bring in more customers, raise our prices and this is the sort of thing that we’ve been doing to try and raise our yields. And it’s the kind of thing that underlies the Double-Double program.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of James Hardiman with Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research:  Just a quick question here on the yield guidance and you may have touched on this maybe just quantify it for us. The midpoint of your second quarter guidance by 60 bps, you didn’t really raise the full year at all. Is that just rounding and is it safe to assume we’re at least further into that range for the yield guidance for the year?
Richard Fain: Yes that’s exactly right James. It’s rounding related, only slight negativity would take on the back half of the Black Sea sailing but as I said in my commentary that we’ve been offset by further strength in Mediterranean.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research: And then on the Double-Double program, since we’re sort of thinking about three year outlook here. Can you give us at least ballpark sort of capacity growth assumptions over the next few years. And I guess bigger picture, how should we think about the dominator of the ROIC over the next three years, you talked about 3.5% CAGR. In general is that maybe a decent assumption for the invested capital piece between this year and 2017, I guess at least for next few years seems like a much bigger number than that at least in terms of capacity. How should we think about the puts and takes there?
Richard Fain: Yes I think James the best thing I can do Laura can certainly send it to you. But in the press release especially through 2017 it defines our capacity increases each year and it also provide our CapEx and really at this point especially through ‘17, there is very little, that anybody can do the change.
Jason Liberty: Yes, it’s actually there through ‘18 as well.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research: Got it, that’s really helpful. And then I guess just last question in terms of Quantum of the Seas. May be talk a little bit about sort of the pricing you are seeing early on, what the occupancy assumptions are and I think you talked about in the past the costs are going to go up a little bit but may be sort of a Caribbean itinerary versus a Chinese itinerary for the same ship. Can you may be talk through some of the puts and takes and overall as I think about may be EBITDA and EBITDA margin, how do the two compare?
Richard Fain: Yes, so as it relates to just the latter half of that. On our last call basically we said that economically we expected this ship to perform at least as well in China as it was expected to do in New York post at moving on to China. And so I think economically that’s the way I will look at it. It will probably require a little bit more cost but we are also expecting a little bit more on the revenue side especially with the strength on the on-board element within China. As it relates to bookings, also what we have constantly said is that for what’s open to sail which effectively is the Northeast products which goes through the middle of May and also the repositioning of the ship from New York to Shanghai, the pricing and load factors on that are doing exceptionally well. And as you said in the past it’s in line in terms of how it’s booking relatively to when always this in the lower came out.
Operator:  Due to the allotted time for the question-and-answer session, we ask that you only ask one question. Your next question is from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs :  Hi, I know the last person asked the question on ROIC the Double-Double goal, asked about could you do something on the denominator and I am not sure you answered that but I just would like to understand that a little bit better. I know Felicia and Robin both asked about reducing expenses, boosting revenues but what about the capital side of it and may be just think about that more broadly? And then just one final thing, Richard, how about new ships going out a little bit further, any sense for how you are going to think about that over the next five years or so?
Richard Fain: Sure, thanks Steve. So, first of all the denominator, I think the point we were trying to make is that the denominator is largely immutable at this point. There is very little that we would do that would change our capital base. As you know we have ships on order and our capital program we think we have given pretty good indications of what that is, so don’t really see a dramatic change in that one way or the other that would have a huge impact on our calculation of ROIC. So, we do think that it will be the numerator, the profitability that will drive the change. And we have previously said that we are not contemplating any ship orders for wholly-owned brands for 2017. And in terms of what we are looking at going forward, I think we have previously said that we thought the right range for us was to grow at a rate of 3% to 5% and as we are looking forward we think that’s still the right number. I think as you know it gets difficult because of the ship deliveries in December one year or in January the next and enormous difference in and every ship delivery is a big lump in the curve of growth. But over any significant period of time we think that we will continue that average of 3% to 5%.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of [Indiscernible] Research.
Unidentified Analyst : Good morning, congratulations on the great numbers. Jason, one question for you, on-board spend was nicely up, do you expect that to continue given the capacity deployments in Q3 and especially the change into Q4 from the European source market?
Jason Liberty:  Thank you, yes, so obviously this have marked our 10th quarter in a row of on-board revenue improvement and last year we were up over 7%. So, the comparability gets more and more difficult but I think that the focus we are putting on the on-board revenue line and also as sourcing, as we have more capacity for example in Asia next year, we do continue to expect a positive performance on the on-board. We haven’t come out of any specific guidance on that obviously but expectations for us internally are to continue to improve 
Unidentified Analyst: And you mentioned beverage has done very well. And I imagine that in Asia retailers probably the driver. How about the shore excursions, spa, et cetera?
Richard Fain: In Asia specifically or just overall?
Unidentified Analyst: Just overall.
Richard Fain: No I think overall I mean really on all of our line items on onboard revenue, we have also kind of doubled our efforts on the shore excursion side as we try to create a more destination experience feeling across our brands.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup:  Just wanted to follow up on the European strike that you have been seeing in. Two part question, just first comparing locally sourced business versus the North American sourced. And then also have you seen any recent impact on demand just from kind of the latest geopolitical headlines that we’re seeing on particularly from maybe U.S. and North American cruisers travelling abroad?
Richard Fain: So just a comment I think as it relates to some of these geopolitical. Our exposure this year really have a handful of sailings left that touched the Mediterranean region that’s out risk and also on the Black Sea side. So we haven’t seen a lot of changes in the demand pattern outside of -- well there has been change in sense, has been more challenging for us, bookings for the recent sailings and that’s been incorporated into our guidance. As it relates on to Europe, really the trends are actually quite positive on a local level on for both North American and European consumers whether they’re travelling on European sailing or on the Caribbean. So it really is a good new story for both. Well thank you for your assistance Tamika. With the call today -- and we thank you all for your participation and interest in the Company. Laura will be available for any follow up on question you might have and I wish you all a great day.
Operator:
 :

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason T. Liberty - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Richard D. Fain - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Adam M. Goldstein - President and Chief Operating Officer Michael W. Bayley - Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC Andrea Ferraz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Assia Georgieva Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brian H. Dobson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is April, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 2014 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Jason Liberty. Please go ahead.
Jason T. Liberty: Thank you. April. Good morning. I would like to thank you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Laura Hodges, our Vice President of Investor Relation. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which have been posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined. And also, a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business, and I will follow up with a recap of our first quarter results. We'll provide an update on our business environment, and Adam will provide an update on Quantum of the Seas, China and Caribbean. Michael will provide an update on Europe, Alaska and onboard, and then I will walk you through our outlook for the second quarter and the full year. We will then open the call up for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thanks, Jason, and good morning, everybody. It's a pleasure to provide some commentary on what's happening in 2014. And certainly, we have a lot to comment on. Most importantly, it's a real pleasure to be talking today about how we're beginning to realize the potential of our business model, rather than having to point out how resilient we are. Of course, we have a long way to go, but the fact that we're able to present such a very positive picture demonstrates the excellent trajectory that we're on. Now as you know, the first quarter ended up near the low end of our previous guidance, but that's accounted for by several small incidents during the quarter. Any business expects some anomalous events impacting individual quarters, but our plan is to make sure that we compensate for that in the course of the year. I'm particularly proud of the cost discipline our teams have exercised and what that means for our ongoing results. They have accomplished this while maintaining focus on the things that make us money. For example, they continue to focus on a product quality that astounds our guests, and they remain focused on communicating this amazing product ever more effectively. The biggest improvement in our returns will come from getting paid better for the tremendous vacations we offer. Getting that message out there is one of our biggest opportunities, and the results show that our teams are working hard to maintain that balance. We've also had some big announcements during the quarter. First of all, Adam's promotion to President and Chief Operating Officer of the group is exciting for him and for all of us. After 12 years of ably running the Royal Caribbean International brand and, of course, 26 years with the company, we think this move will allow us to do an even better job of exploiting best practices across all of our shared services areas. Next, we announced that we completed the sale of Pullmantur's non-core businesses. This is an important step in shifting Pullmantur from one of our biggest challenges to one of our biggest opportunities. Then, our joint venture German cruise line, TUI Cruises, takes delivery of our new ship, Mein Schiff 3, in almost precisely 1 month from today. Actually, as we speak, the vessel is out on sea trials, and she is spectacular. We do talk a lot about new ships in our market over here, but Mein Schiff 3 is a dramatic addition to the German scene, and I don't think that we put enough emphasis on that on this side of the ocean. One interesting feature of this ship is that she will be the first cruise ship ever constructed with the new advanced emission purification system already installed. This system, this AEP system, also known as scrubbers, purifies the exhaust and removes the sulfur down to less than 0.1%. We've had one of the first successful prototype AEP systems in the industry on Liberty of the Seas. We've had that for some time. But this ship, Mein Schiff 3, will be the first new building to incorporate this technology as a new ship. We are also -- we earlier announced a major strategic move with Quantum of the Seas dedicated to the China market. We consider this a very important market for our future, and we intend to maintain a preeminent position. And obviously, Quantum will do that for us -- help do that for us. Lastly, I'd like to talk about something that may sound technical but, strategically, is really very important. That announcement was an increase in internet bandwidth. I would refer you to the slide here that shows a progression of our internet bandwidth on Oasis of the Seas. Over a year -- so we originally had what's shown on the slide as legacy systems, which gave us 4 megabytes per second download capability. And over a year ago, we changed out these old legacy satellite systems to a much better system provided by Harris CapRock. The new Harris CapRock system has substantially improved our internet capabilities, and they, today, give Oasis of the Seas one of the fastest internet services at sea, some -- more than 5x as fast as what had been there. But now, we're in the process of installing a new satellite system on Oasis, which offers not just a substantial improvement, but a truly transformational one. The new system is provided by a very innovative company called O3B, and their mission is to bring internet to the parts of the world that don't yet have good connectivity. Until now, you could include cruise ships in that category. And that new system, which is providing some 500 megabytes per second of download capability, is already functioning on a test basis on Oasis, and we expect it to be completely rolled out by early this summer. Interestingly, this system, by itself, will give Oasis of the Seas more internet bandwidth than every other cruise ship of every other cruise line in the world, combined. Now this is not only an important feature for so many of our guests; we believe it will be of particular help in attracting Millenials to us. We're starting out with this on Oasis and Quantum Class ships, but if it's as successful as we expect, we would consider rolling it out to more ships as well. By the way, I'd just also mentioned that not only is it more bandwidth, but the latency, the time it takes for the signal to go back and forth, goes down from a norm of 750 microseconds to 140. So it'll be very fast and very helpful to us. As you can see, our company and our people are on a roll. So with that, I get to turn it back to Jason.
Jason T. Liberty: Thank you, Richard. Now I'd like to talk to you about our results for the fourth -- first quarter. Now unless I say differently, all metrics will be on a constant currency basis. We have summarized our first quarter results on Slide 3. For the quarter, we generated adjusted net income of $0.21 per share, which was at a low end of the $0.20 to $0.30 range that we had provided in January. So unfortunately, we had to shorten or cancel 6 voyages in the first quarter, which cost us $0.05. Some examples of these disruptions included the oil spill by a cargo ship collision with a barge in the Gulf of Galveston, which caused the port to close and affected the sailing. To give you another example, a steel fishing net that was floating beneath the surface in the Tokyo shipping channel had damaged a propeller, which affected 2 of our sailings. So if not for these unplanned events, our earnings would've been slightly above the midpoint of our previous guidance. Net revenue yield were down 30 basis points for the quarter. Exclude these voyage disruption, yields were slightly better than flat and in line with our previous guidance. It is worth noting that, in the first quarter, we were up against a very high comparable. The first quarter of last year was one of the highest-yielding first quarters ever. Ticket revenue yields declined as a result of voyage disruptions and the expected lower pricing in the Caribbean. Now as a reminder, we have our greatest exposure to the Caribbean in the first quarter, where the Caribbean represents approximately 2/3 of our capacity. While not enough to offset lower Caribbean yields, we continue to see strong yield growth on sailings in Asia, even with the significant capacity increase in the region. The onboard revenue yields continued to advance. In the first quarter, onboard yield increased 3.4% as we continued to see the benefits of our fleet upgrades and onboard revenue management initiatives. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, were up 1.3% for the quarter, which was better than our previous guidance of 2% to 3%. The favorability was driven mainly by timing. We ended the quarter with over $900 million in liquidity. Now during the quarter, we utilized our liquidity to settle the maturity of our approximately $1 billion Eurobond. Last year, we took a series of actions as part of our profitability improvement program, which included a global restructuring and the sale of Pullmantur's non-cruise business. As we discussed at that time, the accounting rules dictate that some of these charges for these decisions are spread out over a period of time in 2014. In 2014, we will recognize $23 million in expenses associated with restructuring, as well as losses of $11 million associated with the sold business, which closed at the end of the first quarter. $19.6 million of this was included in the first quarter results, and the rest will be recognized later this year. Note that these items are excluded from our key statistics and adjusted earnings. More detail for the reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures can be found in the press release. Now I'd like to update you on what we're seeing in the booking environment. Since our last call, booking volumes have been accelerating. The past 8 weeks have been much stronger, with bookings up more than 20% year-over-year. While the strong demand trends have been partially driven by promotions available for Caribbean sailings, we are also seeing elevated levels of quality demand for itineraries not being discounted. So as a result, our book load factors and APDs for the year are higher than same time last year. While revenue expectations at the itinerary level have shifted slightly, revenue guidance for the full year remains unchanged, as we've been able to offset the voyage disruptions experienced in Q1. Looking forward, we are even more bullish than we were at the beginning of the year for China and European sailings and have incorporated a more conservative outlook for the Caribbean. While we were seeing strong bookings for the Caribbean, with recent booking volumes trending well above last year's levels, the environment remains very promotional. The pressure on pricing has almost -- has mostly been limited to 7 night and shorter Caribbean itineraries, as we are seeing continued yield growth on long Caribbean sailing. So although pricing is down overall, we are still generating historical premiums for newer hardware and expect to see higher Caribbean load factors than last year during the summer. So as Caribbean capacity for the industry is up more in Q2 than in all other quarters, that is subsequently where we expect our largest yield decline for the Caribbean. European sailings have exceeded expectations and are booked at significantly higher load factors and prices than same time last year. Demand and pricing have been broadly strong for these itineraries, with all key source markets trending ahead. Trends have been particularly strong for North America, and we are finally starting to see a recovery in pricing from Southern Europe. We are expecting European [indiscernible] areas, which account for 22% of our capacity this year, to generate double-digit improvements versus 2013 and higher yields than 2008. For Asia Pacific sailings, which account for 12% of our capacity, continued to exceed both pricing and volume expectation. China sailings, which represent about 1/3 of this capacity, those are expected to generate double-digit yield improvements. This is in spite of a 30% year-over-year capacity increase in the market. As Richard discussed, we are very proud of the cost discipline ingrained throughout our culture. Last year, as part of our profitability improvement program, we took several steps to significantly reduce our cost in 2013 and expect to be flat to slightly down in 2014, despite inflationary pressures, rising insurance premiums, as well as nominal capacity growth. To achieve this, we focused on reducing our global acquisition cost by also improving service levels, which included outsourcing our call centers and further centralizing back office functions. We also went through an extensive benchmarking process that brought our running cost closer to the best-in-class while not affecting the guest experience or crew welfare. Another major initiative was recapturing scale in back office areas that had grown excessively. While we are very proud of these achievements today, we continue to identify further opportunities through benchmarking, as well as synergy opportunities amongst our brands that help maintain our cost discipline while allowing for further investments in our product and business expansion. I would now like to ask Adam to give you an update on the Caribbean, as well as Quantum of the Seas and our much-anticipated arrival in the Chinese market, and Michael to provide an update on Europe, Alaska and onboard. Adam?
Adam M. Goldstein: . Thank you, Jason. There is a lot going on in our business at the moment. Our main focus is to continue to drive strong revenue in the Caribbean, given the competitive trading conditions that exist in this important market. As you have heard, the Caribbean sector continues to experience significant promotional activity. Fortunately, the additional flexibility to craft attractive promotions that we recently instituted in our system has enabled us to compete more effectively in a tactical environment than we would have been able to do in past years. As a result, our bookings in March and April, relative to the same time last year, have improved double digits, thus improving our occupancy positions overall. Directionally, short and 7-night Caribbean sailings are the most impacted by the promotional environment. As a result, we still expect Caribbean itineraries to be down slightly year-over-year. While we are now entering the summer Caribbean season with the annual reduction in capacity, we expect, and our forecast expects, continuation of a promotionally-oriented Caribbean market environment for the remainder of 2014. Before leaving this topic, I will add that, while no Caribbean products are immune from the prevailing tactical environment, we are fortunate that our Oasis-class ships continue to command the highest premiums in the Caribbean market, notwithstanding the newer ships that have entered the market since 2010, when Allure of the Seas entered into service. They clearly set the standard for family cruising in today's industry. Moving to Quantum of the Seas, we are now 6 months from her delivery, and we are increasingly excited about Quantum on several fronts. In addition to the fact that she is currently in a very encouraging booked position in terms of both load factor and pricing, we recently unveiled her culinary approach under the name Dynamic Dining. Departing from our traditional main dining room concept, Quantum will offer 5 distinctly themed complementary restaurants, one of which is reserved for the use of suite guests. In total, she will offer 18 culinary venues, including the new Wonderland specialty restaurant concept, as well ass restaurant featuring our relationships with Jamie Oliver, Michael Schwartz and Devin Alexander. Dynamic Dining was exceptionally well received by the media, travel agents and our loyal guests. Last week, we were in the news for the announcement that Quantum will move to Shanghai, China, at the conclusion of her inaugural winter season out of Bayonne, New Jersey. This is obviously a significant strategic move that will clearly establish Royal Caribbean International as the leader in the rapidly emerging Asia Pacific cruise market, with a particular focus on China. We continue to be very pleased with the performance of Mariner and Voyager of the Seas in Shanghai and Tianjin, respectively. Our 2014 summer China season is booked far ahead of the same time last year at a higher rate. The travel agents and tour operators are increasingly comfortable resuming itineraries, which include Japanese ports. We believe our already strong onboard revenue on China-based cruises will improve even further based on our greater experience and the world-class retail brands, which we continue to bring on board with each passing year. As you have heard, we are expecting a double-digit yield increase in 2014. At the same time we announced Quantum's move to China, we also announced that we will relocate Liberty of the Seas to Bayonne, New Jersey, for the summer 2015 season. Liberty will become our first Freedom-class ship to serve the Bermuda market. For the winter 2015, '16 season, Quantum's sister ship, Anthem of the Seas, will take over the Bayonne, New Jersey, program, offering cruises to the Bahamas and the Caribbean. We are pleased to be able to strengthen our presence in the New York area, even as we are pursuing our interests on the other side of the world. With the third Quantum-class and the third Oasis-class ship arriving in 2016, we will enjoy additional flexibility with which to accomplish our strategic market objective. Finally, as it relates to my assuming a new management position at RCL, the parent company, I'm very enthusiastic to participate more broadly across the company's brands and functional areas. We are fortunate to have a very strong shared services capability. However, there is always room for improvement and for wider dissemination of best practices. That will be a focus for me, along with the further development of our global footprint. In closing, I would like to thank the outstanding management team at Royal Caribbean International for their support and their excellence over the last 12 years, and especially the men and women onboard the ships who have relentlessly delivered the WOW. It has been a great honor to lead such a brand. Michael?
Michael W. Bayley: Thank you, Adam, and good morning, everyone. European deployment remains a key driver of our profitability, with extremely strong demand driving premium yield. Capacity-adjusted bookings have been outpacing last year by more than 25% for the past 3 months. And as a result, both APD and load factor are significantly higher than same time last year, with load factor at its highest since 2007. We are seeing strength across global source markets for our European itineraries. And as Jason noted, demand from North America has been particularly strong at increasing prices, and we already have more than 80% of our forecasted United States and Canadian revenue on the books. This is considerably more than same time last year. Our brands are leveraging our relaunched ChoiceAir program to offer North American guests simple, convenient and easy-to-purchase European cruise vacations. ChoiceAir provides the lowest airfare guarantee, assured arrival, your choice of flights and 24/7 support. The percentage of guests booked on European sailings who have purchased their air through us has doubled year-over-year. An added benefit of our ChoiceAir program is that it increases the retention of the booking. Both our Mediterranean and Northern European products are a higher booked position in prior year and are driving elevated PDUMs [ph], with Mediterranean sailings doing particularly well. The new Celebrity Cruises collection of 7-night round trip and open-door Mediterranean itineraries, which are combinable into 14-, 21- and 28-day sailings, continue to surpass our expectations. In addition, the mini-European season for Oasis of the Seas in 2014 is also performing very well. We're expecting a second-year of significant yield growth for the Europe product, with yields to be up double digits versus 2013. Alaska was a key product for us during the highly profitable summer months, where it accounts for around 10% of our revenue. The product continues to be a solid performer, and we anticipate -- anticipate it to be one of our highest-yielding products for Q2 and Q3. We expect Alaska yields to increase in the low to middle single-digit range and to be similar to yields in our record 2011 season. It is encouraging to see that both Europe and Alaska are shaping up very well for the all-important summer season. Shipboard revenue yields increased in the first quarter by 3.4% on a constant currency basis, marking 9 consecutive quarters of year-over-year onboard revenue yield growth. We continue to optimize each of our onboard revenue channels, driving margin improvement, and focus on the areas of most opportunity. Our Celebrity Cruises brand has formed a partnership with Canyon Ranch, one of the world's leading spa and wellness brands. And today, onboard 10 Celebrity Cruise ships, guests can now enjoy the Canyon Ranch SpaClub at Sea experience. We are differentiating our shore excursion program, offering a range of branded tours; for example, Azamara Club Cruises has added their Insider Access and Nights and Cool Places program, and Celebrity Cruises has launched Celebrity Exclusives and Celebrity Family Challenge. In February of 2014, we completed the first full revitalization of our Voyager-class ship for the Royal Caribbean International brand with Navigator of the Seas. Two more Voyager-class ships, Voyager of the Seas and Explorer of the Seas, will be completing -- completed in the upcoming 12 months. A key feature of the Voyager-class revitalization is adding additional capacity, which will drive improvements in both tickets and shipboard revenue. Additional revenue-generating features, which includes pervasive Wi-Fi, multiple new dining venues, upgrades to the casino, retail and photography areas. Jason, back to you.
Jason T. Liberty: Thank you, Michael. Taking into account all we just told you, now I'd like to summarize our guidance for the full year and second quarter. If you turn to Slide 4, you'll see our updated guidance for the full year 2014. Net revenue yields and net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be consistent with our previous guidance. Net yields are expected to increase between 2% to 3% for the full year. And net cruise, excluding fuel, for 2014 are expected to be flat to slightly down. Strengthened pricing for European and Asian sailings, combined with stronger onboard revenue expectations, is offsetting the competitive pressures in the Caribbean. Our cost guidance is unchanged. We intend to invest more in sales and marketing efforts in China. Our fuel costs for the year have increased the $957 million, driven mainly by rate, and we are 55% hedged at a price of $616 per metric ton. In the first quarter, we continued to leverage our improving credit profile in a healthy banking market to further reduce our interest expense for the balance of the year. These savings, combined with a weaker dollar and further operating improvements in TUI Cruises, are expected to improve our bottom line by approximately $0.05 in 2014. Based on current fuel prices, interest rates and currency exchange rates, we are raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance to be between $3.25 and $3.45 for the year. Now I'd like to walk you through the second quarter guidance. On Slide 5, we have provided guidance for the second quarter. Net revenue yields are expected to increase between 1.5% and 2.5%. Strong pricing for European and Asian itineraries is offsetting the promotional Caribbean environment. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be down 2% to 3%, and we have included $245 million of fuel expense for the quarter. We expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.45 to $0.55 for the quarter. With that, I will ask our operator, April, to open up the call for questions-and-answer session. April?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. You mentioned that European bookings are improving. What are the expectations for the European consumer? Is it just you're offering different and maybe more innovative product, or is it just broader European consumer trends? And then Jason, maybe you can just give us a little bit more discussion on the 6 unplanned voyage disruptions. You gave 2 examples. I frankly don't remember seeing these in the press, and I don't remember an EPS estimate change during the quarter on them. So I'm wondering how you think about these disruptions and when, in the future, would you give us an update on any impact to EPS?
Michael W. Bayley: Steven, this is Michael. I'll take the first question on Europe and the European consumer. It's difficult to pinpoint one particular item. I think it's a variety of benefits that we believe our brands have in the European market as it relates to the European source market. I mean, obviously, we've done a lot of work in making our products easier to sell. We have what we believe are phenomenal products, very innovative itineraries and significantly superior hardware. So when you combine all of those things together with a -- I think the fact that we are leveraging the European source market infrastructure that we've set up over the past several years, we're beginning to really see the benefit from that investment over time, and we've continued to do that. So, for example, in the U.K. and Irish market over the past 12 months, we've invested more, and we've created single-branded sales and marketing teams in that market, and we're seeing positive results from that investment. So I think it's really a combination of factors. And I think the underlying, probably, factor is the fact that the European market seems to be fairly strong, and we're seeing a bounce-back from the Southern European market as well.
Jason T. Liberty: On the incident side, all of these, individually, were small in nature, and that's why there wasn't any specific disclosure about them. I mean, some of them were -- in the press was on Explorer with the norovirus, as an example. But this is really a unique amount of affected sailings within the quarter. We will consider, as we always do, as these come up, on whether or not they're disclosable events.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Felicia Hendrix, Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Everyone, your comments on the current state of the industry was encouraging. I just wanted to talk about the Caribbean in more detail for a minute. I was wondering if you've seen a change since the end of March in terms of bookings or pricing. We've just heard that call volumes have slowed a bit, so I wanted to have you touch on that. And then, also in terms of the competitive pricing environment that you are seeing, is there any change there, again, since the end of March relative to euro pricing programs, your ability to price your product?
Adam M. Goldstein: It's Adam. So as you get further away from the WAVE, the bookings are normally trending somewhat down, so other things being equal, you would always expect to see April somewhat slower than March. So even at an equivalent level of promotional intensity, that would be an expectation. The point that we've tried to make in general, looking across the 2 months, is that they have had more volume than we would have expected for a normal March and April, and so we have been able to eliminate a good portion of the Caribbean load factor deficits that we've had prior. So -- and I think I mentioned in my commentary that if you compare March and April this year to March and April last year, we were up double digit booking volume. So the combination of the 2 show that there is a market reaction to promotional intensity, and we're pleased about that, but April is normally slower than March.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. The slowdown that you're seeing this year isn't any different than what you've been seeing in the past?
Adam M. Goldstein: I don't know the percentage point, I just know that it's -- we would expect that to be the case, and that has been the case.
Richard D. Fain: I think, Felicia, I think the point, as Adam said and as we mentioned in the release, we really have been a little bit surprised that the post-WAVE period has been as strong as it's been. The volumes have just been unprecedented. The WAVE that we described earlier as typical, and that is what the WAVE ended up being, and I think that generated a little bit of concern on our part if that continued. And then slightly to our surprise, the volumes really picked up in the post-WAVE period, which isn't the normal pattern. But as Adam said, we drove a lot of that by the promotional pricings that we did. And actually, both the Royal Caribbean International brand and Celebrity had some very good and innovative ways of packaging. So the 123Go! and then Pick Your Perk and the "kids sail free" were ways of doing promotional pricing by adding on as opposed to by simply discounting the price, so giving the consumer more for the same price rather than giving them the same amount for a lesser price. And that actually turned out to be surprisingly effective.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's very helpful color. Jason, just quickly, I appreciate the color on what was driving the $0.05 increase to full year guidance. But you also are making up the $0.05 that you lost in the first quarter from the loss by voyages. So I was just wondering what was driving that, since your yields are essentially changed for the full year?
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. I mean, it's really driven around the commentary around the strength in Asia, Europe, as well as onboard. The collection of that is really making up that $0.05.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: So I don't know who wants to take this, if Adam wants to take it, but if you look at the Caribbean, your view on the Caribbean now versus where it was about 6 months ago, can you comment on how you see that market today versus, again, a couple of months ago? Is it the same? Is it getting a little bit better? Is it getting worse? Maybe some commentary around that would be helpful?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, we understood, and I know we talked about in the last couple of quarters, the fact that we saw the Caribbean as having a promotionally-oriented outlook to it, and that has continued to be the case. What we have also now seen, though, which was the news since the previous call, which Richard was just commenting on, is that we've been able to cause a pretty strong reaction, strong positive reaction in terms of generating volume in the Caribbean, with effective promotions. So we're clearly in a promotional environment. Our forecasting takes that into account and does not expect that to change substantially for the rest of the year. And we've made our guidance on that basis, so it incorporates our expectation for the Caribbean. So we would have loved to have been able to say that we're onto a different and less promotional chapter. But at the moment, we expect that to continue.
Richard D. Fain: Actually, and Steven, it's Richard again, as well. Can I -- just adding a little more color because I think we have tried to be clear that, directionally, the Caribbean is actually weaker today in terms of total yield than it was at the end of January, when we gave the last guidance. As Adam says, it's really been much more promotional. So we've generated the volume. And so when we talk glowingly about how the other markets are doing, we also -- that -- the implication, the converse is that the Caribbean is probably -- is, in our view, weaker than we thought it was going to be.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then second question, Adam, you gave a lot of color on Quantum and the decision to move that over to China. But I guess, bottom line, is that the decision -- a longer-term call on the quality of the Chinese market, or is it a call that, over time, you think the Caribbean will be a very tough market over the next couple of years?
Adam M. Goldstein: Definitely the former of those 2. We have, step by step, going back to at least 2008, been ramping up our presence in China. And we had -- we started with one of our smallest ships. I think we pointed out at the time that, from a research and development standpoint, that was an immaterial amount of our capacity to devote to an interesting opportunity. And we're now up to the point where, last summer and also this summer, we have Voyager of the Seas and Mariner of the Seas there, 2 Voyager-class ships, clearly doing very well. And our sense was that the brand's capability and the attributes of Quantum of the Seas made sense for us to take a bold next step for 2015. So it's not a commentary on any other market. It's a commentary on what we believe is an important future opportunity for the company that's actually delivering results right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: So obviously, a lot of hand-wringing about the growth in Caribbean capacity this year. You guys are moving an enormous ship out of the Caribbean into China for next year. I think Norwegian announced that they are moving one of their Caribbean sailings to Europe. I know that all of the itineraries aren't set in stone, but given all this reallocation of capacity, how should we think about the growth overall, on a net basis, that we're going to see in the Caribbean in 2015? How do you guys think about that?
Jason T. Liberty: On a Caribbean perspective, I think, for next year, with Quantum moving into China, I would expect Caribbean capacity to be very slightly up for next year. Obviously, not knowing what is going to happen with the other players in the industry, but for us, that's what our expectations are at this point.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then on Quantum, when they make the move from the Caribbean to China, should we expect pricing to generally be the same across those 2 regions or a little bit up, a little bit down? How should we think about that?
Adam M. Goldstein: I just want to be clear that -- are you contrasting the China region with the Caribbean region? Are those the 2 that you're talking about?
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, with specific focus on the move of the Quantum. Will it benefit from pricing as it makes that move on those Chinese itineraries, or is it going to be a net neutral?
Adam M. Goldstein: Okay, thank you. Understood. So Quantum, as I remarked upon earlier, is in a very favorable position for her inaugural winter season serving Bahamas and the Caribbean out of New Jersey. So she is doing very well. And we also expect her to do very well in China, both from a ticket and on onboard perspective. So it's too early to say the exact comparison, but there is -- we're very confident that she will maintain a high level of performance in both respects.
Richard D. Fain: James, if I could just also ask -- add one other thing. You asked about the revenue, but I think we also should maybe round it out by saying, as we've said before, it is more expensive to operate in China. You do have to go after the market. You do have to build a strategic foothold there, et cetera. So there are costs. I think, as Adam says, we would expect the net of that to be positive. But you asked about one side, and I just want to make sure we're also answering the other part.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: It's very helpful. And then just last quick housekeeping question here. It looks like sort of your guidance today versus where it was 3 months ago, it seems like you're getting a little bit of benefit from currency, but it looks like your -- it looks like that benefit's yields haven't changed costs, is that how I should think about that, or is that just sort of a rounding thing?
Jason T. Liberty: Yes. It's definitely more of a rounding thing. On the cost side, some of the currencies that have either helped or affected us are -- some positions were long-end, some were short-end. But for the most part, it's rounding that's causing that differential.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Ferraz with Morgan Stanley.
Andrea Ferraz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just one question from me. You've mentioned that you are expecting Caribbean capacity to be very slightly up next year. Given that this is the -- being the weakest market and the increasing promotional activity, is this just because you didn't have enough time, perhaps, to change the capacity? Or is it just too challenging to put ships in other regions over Q1 and more the winter months?
Adam M. Goldstein: It's Adam. It's actually, mostly, a mathematical function of the fact that our long-disclosed Caribbean deployment through first quarter this coming year has a first quarter increase that's still relatively higher. According to our disclosed deployment for the back 3 quarters of next year, to Jason's commentary, it's basically flat.
Andrea Ferraz - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And -- but the year after that, would you be considering perhaps moving some capacity out. And also, specifically on the Anthem, for example, it's going to be based in Southampton for the summer and then moving on to New York. Is that coming back to Southampton, or is that going to stay there?
Adam M. Goldstein: Okay. So we have not disclosed any particular deployment decisions far into 2016. Obviously, one of the great advantages of our business model is the ability to move ships around, particularly amongst the 3 regions of the world that are now very important to us: North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. So we continue to evaluate what our choices are from second quarter 2016 forward. And we will make those announcements as they -- as we get to the point where we need to in the regular deployment cycle. But we do understand, and we evaluate all the market performance very carefully and what we believe -- where we believe the ships can perform better.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: One quick question for you, Adam. And first of all, congratulations on your new position. Could you let us know whether China is profitable at this point?
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Assia. Yes, China is profitable for us at this point. Even understanding, to Richard's earlier commentary, that we have a lot of work to do in building consumer awareness, creating travel agent familiarity with all -- with the concept of a cruise, not to mention our own products and services. There is more effort to be put in there in the near term. But the revenue performance of the market is very strong, and we are in a profitable position today.
Assia Georgieva: That's great. And going back to another market that seemed very promising and fast growing, South America, one of your competitors' brands had to scale back because of the high cost of operation. And you don't seem to be talking about South America so much. Could you let us know whether that has taken a back seat to expansion in China?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, China is clearly very, very significant to what we're doing and inherent in the conversation, I believe, that we're having about it on this fall, particularly with the news about Quantum moving to Asia. We still see opportunity in Latin America. But it is true -- and we've been vocal and the whole industry has been vocal about there are cost pressures in Brazil that we would really love for the Brazilians to address because there's this market opportunity down there if the country would have a more favorable regime for cruising. So that's an opportunity, hopefully, for the longer term for us. But we don't mean, by the fact that we haven't been talking about it, that it isn't interesting to us or that we haven't been building up of our capabilities there. We have the Pullmantur brand, which is -- sees opportunity in becoming a brand known for its appeal to Latin American cruisers. But I think, from an overall strategic standpoint, particularly with respect to news for today, China is in the leadership position.
Assia Georgieva: I see. And a quick question for Mike...yes, Richard?
Richard D. Fain: I think, just to comment more on Pullmantur because we are making a thrust there, and talking about South America is a little bit like talking about Europe. It's -- although we talk about it as a place, it's really a series of quite individual countries. And while I think all of us have experienced the challenges that Adam referred to in Brazil, there's quite a few opportunities there, and our Pullmantur brand will be focusing on that, and we think that is an opportunity for the brand.
Assia Georgieva: I appreciate that color. And one last question for Michael. With Canyon Ranch onboard Celebrity, I would imagine a transition like can be somewhat like disruptive, especially when the ships are not in dry dock and you're doing it as you have ongoing Voyages. Can you describe to us, in a little bit of financial terms, I guess, how Canyon Ranch has performed relative to your prior operator?
Michael W. Bayley: Yes. I mean, we've actually, literally last week, finished the entire transition of Canyon Ranch onto the Celebrity fleet. We accomplished that in pretty much less than 4 weeks. And obviously, during that 4-week transitionary period, there was, inevitably, disruption. We managed to isolate, we think, the disruption quite well. So literally, the last day of the cruise and the turnaround day and the first day of the next cruise were disrupted. But I think we got ourselves through that pretty well. As it relates to revenue performance of Canyon Ranch versus the other operator, it's way too early to make a comment on that. We're literally one week post the transition of 10 spas. So I think we would probably be able to give you more color on that during the next call. But we're very optimistic. We are extremely pleased with the relationship. We believe we've got the perfect partner for our target market, and we certainly believe that we're on the right track with this relationship.
Assia Georgieva: And part of the 3.4% onboard increase, was that driven by spa or other items?
Michael W. Bayley: No. It was -- we saw a lot of strength with the gaming and beverage in the first quarter. So spa was not a key driver of the incremental revenue in Q1.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. And last quick question, are you protected on the downside in terms of minimum guarantees, et cetera, in case Canyon Ranch is able to scale having taken on so many new ships?
Michael W. Bayley: Yes, we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder, Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Given that Europe has -- you've commented here for, now, 2 quarters in a row that it's been booking well, can you give us any color what you've seen specifically out of the European source passengers as you're in the WAVE season? I mean, you gave us a little bit already, but just some additional color that their WAVE season's begun here in April? And then, as it relates to the Med in particular, your comments that, that was getting better. What's driving that in particular for what you're seeing in the Med?
Michael W. Bayley: Mediterranean, I think, again, it's difficult to pinpoint one factor. I think it's a combination of factors. Part of it is probably capacity related. There's less capacity in the Mediterranean this year versus last year. I can't recall the exact percentage change, but there is less capacity. We're seeing a little bit more strength coming out of the European markets, particularly out of Southern Europe. And of course, we feel very good about our brands and the products that we've got on offer in those markets. So -- and we've worked hard at making these brands and products easier to sell through our distribution channels, plus, over the years, as I pointed out earlier, we've really invested and built what we think is a good European infrastructure as it relates to sales and marketing and revenue management capability in Europe, and we're beginning to leverage and see the results of that. So I think that's -- again, it's just a whole series of different factors. As it relates to, I think, the question on European bookings or a WAVE Period, we're seeing -- usually, around this time, we see a kind of a transition between U.S. bookings and European bookings for European product. And we're beginning to see the bookings from the European markets pick up quite nicely. So we feel quite good about what we're seeing out of the European markets, and it's really across all markets. One of the markets that we've been particularly pleased with, is the Spanish market that seems to have picked up quite nicely for us. And we're seeing strength out of the U.K. and Irish market as it relates to pricing.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And back to the Caribbean, correct me if I'm wrong here, it seems that your tone on the promotions -- and again, you'd said that overall, since the beginning of the year, your outlook for the Caribbean has weakened a little bit while other areas of the globe have strengthened. But between the 3- to 5-day market versus the 7-day market, in particular, it seems like maybe the 7-day as a whole, your comment there, it has become a little bit more promotional. And -- or has that -- the promotional activity really intensified, even more so, in the 3 to 5?
Adam M. Goldstein: We really haven't been that sharp in our distinctions. What we've said is 7-night and shorter cruises is where the most of the promotional intensity has been. And to the extent that the Caribbean area is somewhat weaker than we were expecting it to be 3 months ago, I think, you could characterize that weakness as pertaining to 3 through 7 nights. Not going into microscopic detail as between them. So it's just generally shorter cruise have felt the impact more than long Caribbean-type cruises.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wanted to clarify, on the tour business that you're showing you have it held for sale, and if I'm reading it right, it looks like that added $0.05 to your reported earnings by taking the $0.05 loss and putting it in kind of unusual items now or one-time items. So I guess, I just wanted to clarify then, on a full year basis, does selling that add to earnings just from, basically, having the loss out of your recurring earnings? Kind of -- I just want to get a feel for that number. And then also, on your expense per day being flat to slightly down, is that excluding the tour business from both years, or is that -- is some of that improve helped by having the tour business out?
Richard D. Fain: Robin, I'll take first of those. The tour business has been plus or minus 0 for a while now. And it's had a couple of years where it's been marginally positive, a couple of years where it's been marginally negative. When we gave our guidance, we assumed it would be sold, and we left it out. We weren't sure exactly the closing date, so the exact amount of the loss. Obviously, January is the worst month of the year. So if we had finished something before that, we would have had less of a loss. And actually, it ended up closing at the end of January. So we had to absorb that month of loss. But none of that was in our projections, none of that was in our guidance. So the guidance remains like-for-like comparable. And I'll let Jason answer the second one, but basically that -- we kept the guidance so that the tour, when we talk about cost, is not a factor. So it's -- we're comparing like-for-like without the tour, without the tour. So when we're talking about cost being flat to slightly down, if we had included the tour, it would be actually down quite a bit because the tour was a big expense. But we took it out of both the before and the after.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, no, that's helpful clarification. Is there any way just to quantify what the decline if tour -- with tour in last year and not in this year, just to get a sense of the decline?
Jason T. Liberty: We could certainly offline, Robin, just walk you through, because those numbers are physically out there for us to show you.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then the other question was just the onboard was up nicely, and you mentioned some new programs, direct programs and things that you sell onboard, And I'm just wondering if there is a point where that anniversaries because when I look last couple of quarters, you've had really nice onboard, so there doesn't seem to be like -- it's not like there's -- I mean, you had 2 very strong quarters at the end of last year, but generally, you've had onboard up. So I'm just trying to get a sense of is there a point when that program started that it would anniversary and we would expect, maybe, the increases to be more in line with ticket price increases?
Richard D. Fain: A lot of that are -- is initiatives, but the initiatives we keep working on, I don't know that it's a point in time that one thing suddenly happened and we did it, but it's a series of things we've been working on. For example, the -- one of the big drivers has been the revitalizations. Those have been very successful for us, and they have been coming on or will come on. I think, last year we had a 7.5% improvement in onboard revenue, which was exceptional. But we keep working on improving it, but I think, obviously, we don't expect to continue to be generating 7.5% annual increases.
Jason T. Liberty: April, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your final question come from the line of Harry Curtis, Nomura.
Brian H. Dobson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: It's Brian Dobson in for Harry Curtis. Just a quick question on China. Can you maybe elaborate a little bit on the breadth and depth of your sourcing operation over there and where you plan to source your passengers for the new ship?
Adam M. Goldstein: Okay. So we have 3 areas, which are developing nicely, with the main area of those 3 being the provinces in and around Shanghai. So with Quantum of the Seas herself going to Shanghai, that will be the most hurdle source market area for her. We have also been working very hard over -- since, again, going back again to 2008, in the Tianjin, Beijing northern area, where we have a Voyager-class ship on a regular basis there. The newest of the 3 areas that we are interested in, in the near term, would be the Pearl River Delta and the South of China plus Hong Kong. And all of those communities are obviously near to the coast. That's where most of the incoming wealth generation is taking place in the country. And over the longer term, we believe we will have opportunities in the inland cities and provinces. But for the near term and to support Quantum, it will continue to be mainly the coastal communities featuring Shanghai area.
Jason T. Liberty: Thank you for your assistance, April, with the call today. And we thank you all for your participation and interest in the company. Laura will be available for any follow-ups you might have, and I wish you all a great day.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard D. Fain - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Jason Liberty - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Brian J. Rice - Vice Chairman of the Board Adam M. Goldstein - President and Chief Executive Officer, Royal Caribbean International Michael W. Bayley - President and Chief Executive Officer, Celebrity Cruises
Analysts: Gregory Badishkanian - Citi Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Robin Farley - UBS Richard Carter - Deutsche Bank Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research James Hardiman - Longbow Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Holly, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, we'd like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 2013 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) I'd now like to turn today's conference over to Jason Liberty. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason Liberty: Good morning. I would like to thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Brian Rice, our Vice Chairman; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Liz Oates, our Director of Strategic Planning. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which we have posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Also, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, as well as a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow with a recap of our fourth quarter results and will provide an update on our business environment. Adam will provide an update on Quantum of the Seas as well as revitalization efforts. Michael will provide an update on onboard revenue and the trade, and then I will walk you through our outlook for the year. We will then open up the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thanks, Jason, and good morning everyone. As always, we welcome this opportunity to provide a little more color on our results for the last year and our perspective on the year ahead of us. Before I start however, I think I should make note of a significant occasion. This is Brian Rice's last earnings call. Brian has been an amazing partner over the last two decades. His impact on our Company and indeed on the industry has been remarkable. It's really not an exaggeration to call him the father of advanced revenue management for the cruise industry and he has helped shepherd Royal Caribbean through some very turbulent times. Brian will be surely missed, but he has crowned his career with a transition process that should be in the textbooks I know everyone here joins me in thanking Brian for his leadership and for his friendship. Brian has agreed to continue to help us on an ad-hoc basis but it won't be the same without him here every day. Returning to the financials, it's been an interesting time in the cruise industry, and I don't have to tell you how pleased we are to see us emerging from it. Perhaps the best indicator of our strength as a company and the strength of our industry is the fact that we ended up 2013 spot on the guidance we gave at the beginning of last year. At that time, we provided guidance of $2.30 to $2.50. Then, none of us imagined that the industry would be subjected to so much negative coverage. That much bad news would threaten any industry, but our team worked hard to overcome the challenges and our final result was precisely, that's amazingly accurate, at the midpoint of that early forecast. It's a remarkable feat and I would thank all the Royal Caribbean team who worked so hard to accomplish it. The big benefit on the revenue side came in two areas. Firstly, onboard revenue really excelled. We've invested heavily in ship revitalizations and other enhancements, and these are obviously paying off. The other pleasant surprise was the amount of late-bookings that we achieved. It provides a good omen for the future when we are able to top up the last little bits on a vessel post the sailing date. This is usually a sign of a stronger general demand and it certainly reinforces our optimism about the future. As you know, a new year doesn't start with a clean slate. We normally begin every year with about half of our capacity already sold. This tends to buttress yields during difficult times but holds them back in good times like these. Thus the impact of the 2013 challenges is holding back the kind of yield increases we would otherwise be enjoying for 2014. The net result, we expect the year-over-year increase in yields of between 2% and 3%. The Caribbean of course is weaker due to two factors. Firstly, it's the area hardest hit by the media storm of 2013, and secondly, we have a large capacity increase here, for both the Company and the industry, of 13%. I'd also like to take this opportunity to talk about the other steps we're taking with respect to our principal focus, improving our rates of return. To this purpose, I'll talk a little more about our brands and asset classes than we usually do when we focus on geographic markets. Fortunately for us, our newer ships have proven to be remarkably popular amongst the travelling public and amongst travel agents. Our Oasis class ships for Royal Caribbean International and our Solstice class ships for Celebrity are simply the best in their competitive set. They are proving to be not only popular but reliable projects throughout this period. I remain in awe of our new building teams and our management teams who have created such powerful ships. Looking forward, our current focus is to take advantage of this amazing hardware, particularly these newer ships, while at the same time divesting or fixing the returns from underperforming assets. Looking at the opportunities by brand, I'll start with the Royal Caribbean International which has continued to be our strongest brand even in this period. Of course this is where we have made our greatest investments, and because of its size and its exceptional hardware, this is where we have some of our greatest opportunity. Celebrity has been undergoing a dramatic shift in its operations and in its marketing and this shift really seems to be working very well indeed. Its yields have shown strong growth, and its cost, significant declines. We're therefore expecting Celebrity to be a significant contributor to the 2014 improvement in investment returns. Azamara is facing uphill struggle due to market forces, but it's established an enviable reputation for delivering as amazing vacations. As a result, Azamara looks set to achieve some the highest yield improvements we have ever enjoyed in a single year. But our biggest transformational focus is on the older vessels and on the performance of Pullmantur, our Spanish cruise operator. Here, we're making the greatest strategic changes and here we expect the greatest relative benefit. The most visible changes involve the shift to having a Latin American headquarters and the recent sale of Pullmantur's non-cruise businesses. By increasing Pullmantur's focus on Latin America and by eliminating the need to focus on its tour operations, we believe we're setting the stage for transformational improvements. Of course, the Spanish market remains key to Pullmantur's long-term success but the immediate growth in Latin America should be significant. We do expect this transformation to take some time and for 2014, the year will be a transitional year. We expect the biggest benefits of Pullmantur's changes to occur in 2015 and beyond. In summary, we expect the big improvement this year to come from exploiting our superior hardware and improving the marketing of our already successful brands. We also see improvement coming in the results of our underperforming assets. In particular, we are setting the stage for a significant bump in the performance of Pullmantur, but I would note again that we're not anticipating that bump to happen overnight. Taking all together, we're projecting almost a 40% increase in profitability in 2014 and that's in a year with essentially no capacity increase. This is a real testament to the strength of our brands and the people that manage them. But talking about no capacity in 2014 reminds me to comment on what I believe will be one of the most impactful events this year, and that is the delivery of Quantum of the Seas. Unfortunately, she won't deliver until near the end of the year but the buzz is already very strong and we haven't even finished disclosing all of her sexy features. The introductory video was an absolute home run but we have a few more aspects of the ship's design that we will be rolling out over the coming months. We believe these innovations will excite the public as much as the ones we've already disclosed. This ship will be another game changer for our Company and indeed for our industry. Interestingly, we are experiencing a phenomenon or Quantum similar to what we saw prior to delivery of Oasis. People are speculating about our innovations and they are doing so in terms of improved or expanded features from our existing ships. There's a natural tendency to start with the innovative features people already know and assume that the new ships builds on those features. In fact, I'm happy to say that they will be surprised. As we've done with our radically new designs in the past, Quantum is a totally new type of vessel. She'll deliver a fantastic new experience in a way that is novel and exciting. Truly, she is a quantum leap. And with her new features and her energy efficiencies, she'll generate a fantastic return on our investment. With that, I'm pleased to turn it back to Jason who will give you more detail on the figures. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. Before we get into our operating results, I would like to mention that as expected and communicated on our previous calls, we have incurred some restructuring and related costs associated with our various profitability initiatives. These totaled $43 million in the fourth quarter and $56.9 million for the full year. These changes relate mainly to the pending sale of Pullmantur’s non-core businesses and the previously noted restructuring and consolidation of parts of our global operation. As we previously mentioned, accounting rules dictate the timing of when we take these charges, so we expect to incur an additional $23 million in 2014. This will all be detailed in our 10-K which will be filed in late February. So our profitability improvement initiative was an ongoing program that will continue, so we do not anticipate any additional restructuring charges beyond what has already been identified. Now, I would like to talk to you about our operating results. So that you can better understand our operating performance relative to our prior guidance, I have included Pullmantur's non-core businesses during the 2013 numbers. Unless I state differently, all metrics will be on a constant currency basis. Now let's look at our fourth quarter results which I have summarized on Slide 2. For the quarter, we have generated net income of $0.23 per share, which exceeded the top end of the range we provided on our October call by $0.03. Net revenue yield increased 3.8% for the quarter, which was significantly better than our guidance of an increase of 2% to 3%. Continued strength on European and Asian sailings coupled with another stellar onboard revenue performance drove the majority of the improvement and more than offset a slight decline in Caribbean yields. Net cruise cost excluding fuel were up 1.8% for the quarter, which was in line with the guidance. I will now discuss full year results, which we have summarised on Slide 3. Yields increased 3.2%. Yields were flat in the Caribbean and were up about 8% in Europe. We also generated yield growth from itineraries in Asia despite significant capacity growth and some of our itinerary modifications resulting from the ongoing dispute between China and Japan. Benefits from our ship revitalization program, packaging initiatives as well as short cruise enhancements drove a 7.6% improvement in onboard revenue. Net cruise cost excluding fuel increased 1.8%, which was in line with prior guidance and 70 basis points better than the midpoint of our January guidance. Adjusted earnings per share came in at $2.40, which was spot on the midpoint of our January guidance. Now, I would like to update you on what we are seeing in the demand environment. Booking activities during the fourth quarter was consistent with historical levels. As you can see on Slide 4, we entered 2014 in a very strong booked position with 5% more revenue on the books as compared to same time last year. The first week of WAVE was somewhat softer than last year as much of North America was weathering a polar vortex. While cold winter typically means increased demand for Caribbean sailing, the severity of the weather kept people indoors and clearly resulted in lower bookings for several days. Demand was softest out of the Northeast and Midwest but stronger in the warmer markets. Excluding the first week, demand has been more typical of WAVE level. We have made a number of deployment changes this year, so I will walk you through the trend we are experiencing by product which we have summarized on Slide 5. Our Caribbean capacity in 2014 will be up 13% from 2013 while also representing 40% of our inventory which was similar to 2010 level. Currently our book load factors and rates for the Caribbean are lower than same time last year and we expect yields for 2014 to be down for the Caribbean at low single digit. In the Caribbean, we are generally seeing demand and pricing hold up better for long and more expensive itineraries than we are for shorter itineraries. Europe will account for 22% of our capacity this year, which is a 17% reduction from last year. As of okay, our book load factors and APDs are significantly higher than same time last year and we are expecting another year of significant yield improvement in Europe and expect yields to surpass pre-recessionary levels. Asia-Pacific will account for 12% of our capacity. Both our book load factors and APDs remained ahead of same time last year in spite of a 12% increase in capacity. We expect yields to be up nicely for our Asia-Pacific itineraries. The remaining 20% of our inventory is spread across a number of itineraries. In aggregate, these itineraries are booked ahead of same time last year, above rate and volume, and we expect yields to be slightly up. In aggregate, our APDs are up in all four quarters, load factors are flat in the first quarter but are up in Q2, Q3, and Q4. Capacity is expected to be at 1.7% for the year. This is driven mainly by normal changes like [drive-out] (ph). Now, I would ask Adam to give you an update on Quantum revitalization program and Michael to provide an update on onboard and the trade. Adam?
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Jason. Having worked with Brian, as Richard has, for over 20 years, I would like to add my appreciation and wish Brian all the best in the future. Richard and Jason have summarised the current status of the WAVE booking period and I will not add further commentary other than to say, we are highly focused on leveraging our strength in branding, distribution and product delivery over the Caribbean and also around the globe. Richard briefly mentioned this year's arrival of Quantum of the Seas. While Quantum was meant to be my topic for today, his possible enthusiasm is understandable. For all of us who collectively undertook the daunting task of creating a class of ship that would follow Oasis class, we are more than anxious to take delivery and begin operation of Quantum of the Seas. As the Quantum class project has unfolded, with the exception of sheer size, we have thought to push the boundaries of what can make a 21st century cruise-ship both more effective for our guests and more efficient for our shareholders. We have revealed the principal physical amenities of this ship, 270, the Seaplex, the North Star and RipCord by iFLY. For us, four of those wild features are unprecedented on the water. In addition, we have announced we will perform the hit musical Mamma Mia! for our guests. We have not yet said much of anything about our culinary offerings, our other entertainment options, or our technological capabilities. We are equally excited about these elements of our product delivery. We are also enthusiastically looking forward to the fuel efficiency in Quantum class ship and to a variety of back of the house efficiencies that will contribute to the ship's return on investment. We wish we could announce that the ship will be ready 10 months early, but the reality is we will take delivery of Quantum as scheduled in October, an introducer in South Hampton, England and then in the New York area in October and November. We are very pleased with the progress of the ship's construction in Germany and with the current load factor and APDs at this stage of the booking curve. Moving now to the topic of revenue management, last fall we significantly upgraded the manner in which we present our prices and promotions to the market. We have increased the visibility, logic and value of our pricing to consumers and travel agents. For example, there is greater visibility of our offers in our automated booking tools and on our brand website. Also, promotional values are applied instantly on guest reservation rather than requiring subsequent manual processing. Simultaneously, we have enhanced the back-of-house efficiency of our pricing administration. While some of the benefits of this new approach show how to measure in the short-term, we have already seen measurable and significant revenue benefit in certain respects. Before I turn it over to Michael, I will give a quick update on a topic I mentioned on the last call, which is the revitalization of our five Voyager class ships. The first to undergo revitalization is Navigator of the Seas. She is currently in the Bahamas for the project and we are expecting a completely successful and exciting result on her scheduled return to her Galveston Texas home. As a result of the project, Navigator will have more suite and stateroom type and a refresh of the existing staterooms and suites. She will have multiple new specialty restaurants, a FlowRider surf machine, new shops and bars, and multiple technology enhancements including the industry's first virtual balcony. We expect to revitalize the other four Voyager class ships over the next several years. Michael?
Michael W. Bayley: Thank you, Adam, and good morning everyone. As Jason mentioned, onboard revenue performance in 2013 has been particularly strong with constant currency yields up 7.6 for the full-year and 8% for the fourth quarter. We have now seen year-over-year onboard revenue growth for eight constructive quarters. As we look forward into 2014, we feel optimistic about the continuation of this strong performance. As you know, we have invested in our onboard revenue programs for a number of years and these investments are generating healthy returns. We have added over 40 specialty restaurants over the past four years and have continued to invest in the refreshing and updating of our casino technology, and on certain vessels we have upgraded our casino footprint in response to demand from source market. We continue to invest in our pre-cruise capabilities and today you can book our shore excursions, speciality dinings, spa appointments, beverage packages and packages generally, and over the past 12 montrhs, we have significantly rationalised our tour offering and improved the quality of our tour product. At Celebrity cruises for example, we added dedicated destination concierges onboard each of our ships whose focus is to create branded and segmented tours, targeted to our higher value guests and this is beginning to generate incremental revenue. Our focus on technology has allowed us to expand our bandwidth while reducing cost of increasing our revenue. Additionally, in 2014, Oasis of the Seas, Allure of the Seas, and Quantum of the Seas will lead the industry with high-speed satellite delivered broadband service on their Caribbean sailings commencing later this year. When we look at our onboard revenue by key revenue stream, source market and product, it's really a positive news story across the board. 2013 was a very rewarding year for onboard revenue as all of the investments into the development of our revenue streams materialized. We feel confident about what we have built for our customers as we see the increased demand for these products and services realised. I'd like to also make a few comments regarding our distribution channels. Our guests have their choice of booking charnel and we will continue to provide every opportunity for them to select the channel that best suits their needs. But by far the most important channel are our trade partners. Travel agencies continue to be the primary and most important source of sales for our ships. The travel agent network is an efficient distribution model for our business and we believe in the value of this channel, so we invest heavily in maintaining strong relationships with our travel partners across the world. To accomplish this goal, we have always maintained a holistic approach to our relationship through training, support, technology, integrated promotions, and marketing partnerships. We have been consistent in our support to this channel through good times and bad, formally by Celebrity Cruises' commitment and Royal Caribbean International's Loyal to You Always programs, and informally through trade friendly promotions. We have invested significantly more year-over-year in consumer marketing, trade co-op, and trade support staff. We provide highly trained, brand dedicated sales representatives, we serve the role of a trusted advisor to our travel partners to grow their business with ours. We also provide award-winning customer service representatives, call centers, and online training tools. We were pleased in December when Travel Weekly, one of the most influential travel agent publications in the United States, held their Travel Agent Readers Choice Awards and we received multiple honors. Royal Caribbean International was voted best cruise line overall, best in sales and service, best domestic cruise line, best cruise line in the Caribbean, and Allure of the Seas was voted the best overall individual cruiseship. Celebrity Cruises was voted by Travel Agent Readers, the best premium cruise line, the cruise line in Europe, and Celebrity Reflection was awarded the best premium ship award. Globally, we are the recipient of multiple trade awards across the markets we operate in. We believe this demonstrates the strength of our brand with our travel partners. In the past, present and future, our fortunes are intertwined and we will continue to strengthen our relationship with our trade partners. With that, I will turn the call back to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Michael. As a quick correction to one of my previous statements, the Caribbean will represent 46% of our capacity in 2014. Taking into account all we have just told you, I would now like to take you through our guidance for 2014. If you turn to Slide 6, you will see our initial guidance for next year, for this year. Because we expect to close soon on the sale of Pullmantur's non-core businesses, I have excluded these businesses in the guidance metrics. Thus, our guidance metrics are on an apples-to-apples comparison. Net yields are expected to increase between 2% and 3% for the full year. We expect yields to be slightly down in the Caribbean but we expect to more than offset this with double-digit yield improvement in Europe and further yield improvements in Asia-Pacific and Alaska. In July we communicated that we expected our net cruise cost excluding fuel for 2014 to be better than flat. We remain committed to this target in 2014 despite inflationary pressures, rising insurance costs as well as continued investment in our product offering and marketing. We have included $944 million of fuel expense for the year and we are 55% hedged. Net of our hedges, a 10% change in fuel prices equates to about $41 million for the year. At today's prices, the impact from our swap is $57 million lower than it was in 2013. Based on current fuel prices and current exchange rates, we expect earnings per share to be between $3.20 and $3.40 for the year. On Slide 7, we have recapped our guidance for the first quarter. Net yields are expected to be approximately flat. The first quarter of 2013 was a difficult comparable as yields were the highest since the turn of the century millennial cruises in 2000. We also didn't start to feel the effect of the negative industry publicity until after the first quarter. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to increase 2% to 3% driven mainly by the timing of some maintenance cost and the full year effect of cost enhancements that were implemented after Q1 of 2013. Fuel expenses are expected to be $742 million for the quarter and we expect adjusted earnings per share to be between $0.20 and $0.30 for the quarter. With that, I will ask the operator, Holly, to open the call for question-and-answer session. Holly?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question will come from the line of Gregory Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citi: Few questions just on the initial WAVE season and how that's going. So last year, it was a phenomenally strong WAVE, I think your bookings were up like 20% during January, and you mentioned that this year it's typical. So how should we think about year-over-year bookings this January? And then I know comparison has got a lot easier throughout the year, when do they particularly – they are particularly easy?
Jason Liberty: This is Jason. I think in describing the typical WAVE, it's really kind of how it's played out over the past several years. I would not describe it to be as strong as it was in 2012, but it's not far off those levels – I'm sorry by 2013. And then as it relates to, I think the comparable really becomes easier going into the second quarter, but all the negative industry media really kind of leagued throughout the year but really didn't take effect until the second quarter in terms of our yields.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citi: Okay, that's very helpful. And then the cold weather, I know it hurt you initially. Does it end up helping just because people are cooked in and they would like to take a cruise, when do you think that starts helping?
Adam M. Goldstein: It's Adam. Obviously we are continuing to root for cold weather and we are seeing what is more or less an endless stretch of it, and our general sense based on history is that that should be relatively helpful to us. But as Jason I believe mentioned earlier on in his comments, the weather was so nasty that it actually affected the first week of the WAVE in a negative way. So it still stands to reason that if there this cold snap goes on and on and on, people will eventually be more inclined to have something on the books in the warmer climate than what they are experiencing at home.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citi: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Harry Curtis, Nomura Securities.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities: I had two quick questions. The first question is that in 2013, your net cruise costs were up 1.8% and you've guided for relatively flat for this year. Can you give us a sense of where you're actually seeing the savings?
Jason Liberty: This is Jason. The saving efforts that we have put forth, we kind of describe them as, they are not 10 things, they are really a thousand little things and a lot of it has been centered around back-office, global restructuring efforts, but also a series of benchmarking efforts we did on the ships. I think they really did not affect the customer experience but where we saw opportunities for savings. But I wish I could say it's three things but it's really a collective effort of our management team in the organization to find savings.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities: But it seems like you're in the early innings. How long is this process likely to go on and if some of the competitor brands, these cost savings can be realized over multiple years?
Jason Liberty: I wouldn't describe it as really early innings, I think we look at this as a journey, as we identify other profitability opportunities, we're certainly realizing them. But additionally I think what we're looking to do is as we grow, to ensure we realize this scale going forward.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities: Okay, then quickly moving to the balance sheet, it's possible that your leverage ratio net of cash could be down to roughly the low 3s multiple by the end of this year. What is your target and once you're there, what do you plan to do with your free cash?
Jason Liberty: I think in terms of end cash, our net debt-to-EBITDA numbers, I think there are some components or the commitments that are factored in, but our goal is to really get to investment grade of 3.75 times cash flow and I think as cash becomes available that then kind of drives to be a Board decision on what's the best way to allocate capital.
Richard D. Fain: And I'll just add a comment on that. I think we've shown, recently increased the dividend rate, I think we are feeling more comfortable that we are moving quickly towards investment grade. The objective is not to continue to make that an A rated company or anything like that, and so I think we have the opportunity, given the very high cash flow from our business, to also use that money to give back to shareholders.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities: Okay, has the Board touched on the topic of share repurchase?
Richard D. Fain: Of course we look at all those kinds of things and the Board has talked about it, but I think we don't announce anything until we've actually made a decision and we have announced the decisions we made to date.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Regarding your market overview, I just wondered if you could give us some more color about the strength you're seeing in Europe and Asia and actually especially Europe, is that across all of your European businesses, is it mainly U.S. sourced, just wondering if you could parse through that for us?
Michael W. Bayley: It's Michael. You're referring to Europe as a source market or Europe as a destination?
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: That's what I'm asking you, as you said that you're seeing strength in your European business, so I was wondering if you could give us some more granular color behind that.
Michael W. Bayley: Yes, I think our European products and brands are seeing strong demand from the North American market, which is very positive. I think a part of that is because of the stability we're seeing with the air cost and a lot of the programs that we initiated in 2013, with our ChoiceAir program, which is a way of better positioning air earlier on in the transaction with our customers which allows them to purchase the package at an earlier period. So I think we're seeing good demand from North America for European products. Out of the European markets, again I think we're seeing very good overall demand coming in from the European markets for our various brands and products. So I think it's kind of a good new story overall for Europe. I mean part of it obviously is capacity, because capacity is down for the industry and somewhat for the brand. So it's a combination of these different factors I think all coming into play. But overall, it's very positive story.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Okay, that's helpful, thank you. And Jason, can you help us out as we think about our models going forward, and obviously our own models aren't going to be apples-to-apples, so are you going to provide us with some performance for net yields and costs or is there some kind of rule of thumb that we can use?
Jason Liberty: Sure. Are you talking more in terms of…
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Our models are going to – we haven't – historically you're going to include Pullmantur and now we're going to be growing off of non…
Jason Liberty: If you actually look, I think it's on the last couple of pages of the press release, that we actually breakdown our business within the [indiscernible] – they're not referring to Pullmantur.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: That refers to past quarter but are you going to give us performance for other quarters, so we know how to model throughout 2014?
Jason Liberty: Yes, we will.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: And that will be in your Q?
Jason Liberty: That will be in the K.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: In the K, okay. So in the K, of course. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: I have a similar question on Europe and Asia to follow on Felicia's, if you could just fill that part on Asia, how that is picking up? In the past you have cited the ongoing issues between Japan and China as a second in area, but if you could just give us a little more color where you're seeing that strength from and what is turning there? And then late-bookings, particularly could you delve a little bit more into what's going on here from the U.S. sourced passengers for the Caribbean here on the late bookings? And then finally, net yields, what are your expectations, Jason, that are built into the 2014 guidance for the onboard component of net yields?
Adam M. Goldstein: It's Adam. First of all on Asia, an example that Michael was saying about Europe, so when we speak about Asia, we're talking about really the whole Asia through Australia area. I believe Jason mentioned earlier that it's about 12% of our capacity in total for that whole region. So it's obviously still a relatively small but increasingly meaningful portion of what we do. And we are generally pleased with how things went last year and with the outlook for this year for the Asia-Pacific region. Clearly the institution, what they expect in a Voyager class ship or the Royal Caribbean brand in China went well in 2013. It was received well, as Voyager of the Seas has been before it, I'm talking about Mariner of the Seas. So the products and services that we're delivering to that market which is clearly in its infancy seem to go on the right direction. There is still a lot of research and development involved in that effort. And then on the Australian side of the equation, which is where most of the ships are at the moment under the southern summer, it's a robust market. I mean notwithstanding that quite a lot of capacity has gone there and the Australian dollar has been weaker off late, it's still a very solid cruise market for our brands. And so when you put the two together, Asia and Australia, we are pleased with the outlook but we have a lot of work to do, and as you mentioned, the Japan-China dispute is still a wildcard that we're having to work our way around. I mean we wish we could know for sure that we could deliver all the Japanese ports on the itineraries as we intend them. We weren't able to do that last year, and at the moment, we are not planning on being able to do them this year, but we're certainly open to a positive trend in that relationship. I think you were also asking about later bookings in the U.S. Obviously in the fourth quarter, we were generally pleased with late-bookings and that helped us to exceed our yield guidance for the quarter fairly substantially. A good amount of those late bookings actually were for European and Asian products, it wasn't just what was going on in the U.S. and the Caribbean, and given that we're in the beginning of the WAVE period and the beginning of the first quarter, we can't really say by definition what the late bookings will be for Q1, but we're certainly marketing to encourage them wherever we need them.
Michael W. Bayley: And to your question on onboard, it is actually estimated to be very similar to our overall yield guidance of approximately 2% to 3%.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. And Brian, congratulations, enjoy the increased amount of off.
Brian J. Rice: Thanks Tim.
Richard D. Fain: Tim, don't encourage him.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Couple of things. Could you be a little bit more specific on the expense reductions? You said that they were dozens or hundreds of them but maybe you could at least bucket them into where you are seeing the opportunities, so that we can understand them better and have a better sense for how long they could go on for and how much more opportunity? And then I think I remember that earlier this year or earlier in 2013, you did talk about some industry discounting and some promotional items, is that happening to the same degree industry-wide so far in the fourth quarter and in the WAVE season?
Jason Liberty: This is Jason. I'll take the cost one. I'll try to bucket a little bit more. I think the big chunk of it comes from our global restructuring and going kind of market by market and looking at what is costing to us to acquire guests relative to what we are getting on a revenue perspective and rationalizing that, but there's a lot of savings that happened there and that had a lot of back office element to it. There was also a lot of action looking at on a back office side, how are we doing versus on a scale perspective relative to prior periods and right-sizing some of that. And then just overall, I'd say more kind of the back of the ship opportunities that we saw, not touching at all maintenance or anything that had to do with the [indiscernible] security of the vessel, and finding opportunities to benchmark it.
Adam M. Goldstein: Steve, as it relates to promotion in the industry, I think it's been sort of a regular feature of these conversations over the years that a fundamental part of the revenue management equation is putting the right promotions in the market at the right time in the very dynamic industry environment, and I would say that discounting is definitely a part of the equation right now in the WAVE marketplace. I think all of the industry is working very hard to get load on the ships at the desirable rate. I don't think there's anything really very different fundamentally from what we have encountered in the past or would expect during the future. I mentioned before in my comments that we have just invested significantly in our ability to do our promotions in the most effective manner possible, and that's because we know the promotions and discounts will be a regular feature of the landscape, and our goal like with anything else is to do that as well as we possibly can. So there's not going to be – there isn't just a moment, that we set our prices and that's it, there's nothing to talk about. The travel agency community does a great job for us in navigating the promotional offers that we put out there for the benefit of the guests and all that contributes to the positive yield guidance that we have given.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: So then you'd say that it hasn't improved but it hasn't gotten worse, so it's just regular normal business as the way you'd describe it from the discounting and promotions?
Adam M. Goldstein: I would say it's generally at a level that we wouldn't consider to be normal business as usual, which means that it's a very competitive affair.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS: A couple of questions. First is, with Q1 prices on the books up and the load factor flat, it sounds like you're expecting that closing Caribbean pricing to be down. So just I wondered if you could give us a little more color on how you're comfortable, is that just a Q1 issue and not a Q2 and beyond issue? And then I don't know if you can comment a little bit on Alaska, which I don't think you broke out specifically, and just from what we're hearing, I don't know if there was anything other than the polar vortex that's making Alaska not popular for bookings right now but if you can comment on that?
Adam M. Goldstein: Robin, this is Adam. I'll address your Caribbean question and then Michael can take the Alaska question. We're at a point in our first quarter where obviously the long lead time business is what we have on the books and now the question that remains is, what happens with the short-term bookings, and while they could be robust, if we're in the fourth quarter, that's not anything that we can count on, so we obviously make our most educated projection that we can in a rational way as it seems to all of us who are engaged in the revenue management effort, let's project out what our first quarter guidance will be. Now, you have seen from the earlier commentary and from the slides that we showed during this presentation that our overall load factor position for the year is strong, and we're going to continue to do everything that we can so that it remains that way and so that we're relatively less dependent on late booking business, and to the extent that we have it, we can continue to generate high APDs from it. So structurally, our load factor situation is positive and we would expect – and so we built that into our forecasting for Q2, Q3 and Q4. For Q1, we'll just have to see how it pans out over the next few months as we do every time we have one of these calls.
Michael W. Bayley: Hi Robin, it's Michael. I'll just make a couple of comments about Alaska. I mean obviously Alaska is almost like a mini Europe in terms of its importance. It's about 5% of our total capacity. It certainly, as you know, during the high yielding period, and it's – we feel pretty good about how Alaska is booking. I mean obviously it has its puts and takes but our capacity overall is pretty much the same as it was in 2013 and our products seem to be selling at a relatively good pace. So I think we are fairly confident with how Alaska is shaping up.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. And then can you also just lastly give a little bit of color on maybe some of the areas in onboard revenues that are driving – that are the big drivers of the 8% increase?
Michael W. Bayley: I mean I think I said in my comments, that when you look at onboard revenue either by revenue stream or source market or product or brand, the story is universally good. We're seeing strength across every single revenue stream and from every single market. So the entire story is positive. There's just a general uplift that we are seeing in our onboard revenue across all of our brands. There is no one particular revenue stream that's really outshining the rest. I mean obviously different revenue streams have different relative scales of leverage, gaming, retail, et cetera, and shore excursions make up a significant portion of our revenue, and they are all really doing quite well.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of [Andrea Farris] (ph) with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: I have two questions. My first question is that if I look at the net yields that you've delivered in each of the last five quarters you speak in every time, so I was wondering from your point of view what has driven this, has it been generally the stronger late-bookings or onboards and where could we be surprised looking forward? And then, if you could give us an update on your estimate for the impact of the ECA costs coming in next year? I think last year in the 10-K you said it would be $65 million to $70 million, but I was wondering if you've done anything on the technology side to drive an improvement here?
Adam M. Goldstein: This is Adam. As it relates to your first question on our yield performance over recent quarters, there's a factor that you mentioned, it has absolutely been relevant. First of all, as you know, we don't know what the onboard revenue will be until it happens, and based on the commentary that Michael has provided here today, you know that onboard revenue has been continually robust throughout the period that you referenced and so that has definitely contributed on a regular basis to any peaks that we've had on our revenue guidance. And generally speaking, over the last five quarters, we've been pleased with the quality and the quantity of the late business that we've taken on, and as I just mentioned before, we can't count on that happening in the future. But we – in fact this is what we have experienced over the recent year or so.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and on the ECA cost?
Jason Liberty: On ECA cost relative to 2014, it's pretty modest. We haven't quantified in our 10-K filing but the larger impact will really impact more 2015.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, that's what I was referring to.
Jason Liberty: We have a series of efforts, and I'm not sure if Adam, you might want to comment on the efforts we're doing on the scrubber technology, so how we address.
Adam M. Goldstein: I would just say that as we sit here in early 2014, we've been very conscious of the tougher level of [indiscernible] emissions coming-in the ECA at the beginning of next year, and so we have been engaged in a whole variety of initiatives including scrubbers, or as we would call them, advanced emission purification equipment, to mitigate particularly the burden that will come into effect next year. So as Jason said, we'll quantify that more precisely in the 10-K, at least for 2014 at this point, and it's a huge effort taking place in our Company to come up with the best mitigation technique that we can and part of that is seeing where the AEP or scrubber equipment can get us.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Richard Carter with Deutsche Bank.
Richard Carter - Deutsche Bank: Couple of questions from me. Firstly, could you just talk through what's driving the year-on-year fall in net interest costs? Should we expect this trend to continue into 2015? And then secondly, Richard, you talked about 2014 that yield guidance obviously being impacted from what you had to go through in 2013. Is it possible to give us some sort of flavor or some sort of run-by in terms of what you think yield guidance would be if you're looking at it currently, so if we were to take out the weak 2013, I mean are we looking at sort of several hundred basis points above where you set the guidance?
Jason Liberty: I'll just take in the first piece on the interest chunk, our interest expense is expected to be down somewhere between $50 million and $60 million for the year. The main drivers of that is, over the past year and a half we've – [indiscernible] of refinancings are almost $2 billion worth and our weighted average cost of that almost – overall has really jumped by about 55 basis points. As well we had about $500 million left in debt. So the combination of those things is what's driving the lower negative [carry] (ph).
Richard D. Fain: And with respect to how much better 2014 could have been if we hadn't had the impact of all the events in 2013, I'm afraid that our systems are really geared to quite sophisticated in measuring out the demand levels that do exist. It's very hard to measure what they would have been under a hypothetical scenario. And so I don't think we have an estimate of actually how much better it could have been. Obviously we think it would have been better but our focus is on given where we are today, what do we expect to happen, and this takes all that into account.
Richard Carter - Deutsche Bank: And then just finally, I think historically you've talked about capacity pricing sort of 20% premium to the sort of net yield leverage. Is that a reasonable assumption [indiscernible] in 2015 that sort of assumption or should we expect it to be a higher premium?
Richard D. Fain: Yes, I think we actually have said that historically we were – our newer ships had a 25% premium to our older vessels. Now we'd have to divide that out because much of our existing fleet is in fact newer ships today. But yes, we would assume that the newer vessels would continue to attract a nice premium, and forward bookings for Quantum certainly reinforces that.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Couple of questions. First of all, in terms of European prices and demand, how much of that is Europe's sourced at this early point? I think in the past we have noticed that European passengers tend to book much closer in, and so I wondered if you are seeing primarily North American source trends or some indication of how the European sourced passenger is behaving?
Michael W. Bayley: This is Michael. I think we're certainly seeing very strong demand out of the North American market for the European products. Out of the European markets, we are seeing good demand. We create our own track of expectation of booking, volume and rate out of every individual market within Europe and North America for each of the brands and I think we have been, again, pleased with what we're seeing out of North America, and from the European markets, they are generally meeting our expectations.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Okay, thank you, Michael. I appreciate that. And maybe, Adam, you can help me with this. Given the large capacity increase industry-wide for the Caribbean in the summer, it would seem wide I guess in this early point in WAVE to assume possibly some future discounting. Is that something that you are already [indiscernible]?
Adam M. Goldstein: When I referred to the current situation earlier as a competitive affair, it certainly encompassed the Caribbean environment for Q2 and Q3. It's not just that we expect that that will happen, this is what is happening and these expectations are baked into our overall guidance for the year and we will [play it hard] (ph) for the business.
Jason Liberty: Holly, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of James Hardiman with Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research: I hopped on a little bit late, if you already these, I apologize. I guess just real quick, Exploder of the Seas, sounds like there were some issues there, needed to come back to port, doesn't seem like a real big deal. Do you think that will end up being at all material to your first quarter?
Adam M. Goldstein: James, it's Adam. Thank you for saving the best for last. So this has been a difficult situation and both a considerable and a rare outbreak of what appears to be norovirus, because that's something that actually takes a little bit of time to confirm but most likely that is what is happening onboard Exploder disease. Very happy to say that after the initial spike in illnesses which happened on the 23rd, two days into the cruise, we have sequentially experienced far lesser numbers of guests being ill, but nevertheless it's a serious situation and we feel very badly for the guests that became ill on the ship. We are doing lots and lots of things for them, which includes compensation for the ports that they missed. But to your question, we don't expect that the impact of this event will be significant or meaningful for the Company or its results, but it is obviously meaningful to the customers who have experienced illness. So we're doing everything we can do to make the ship as clean as possible and the rest of the cruise as enjoyable as we can.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research: Very helpful, that seems about right. And I guess along those lines though, if we sort of circle back to your 2% or 3% yield guidance for 2014, and just the fact that the point that you started the call out with, which was you had all these terrible events and media and yet you were still able to reach your guidance, I guess big picture, how do you think about your guidance as you're putting it together with respect to these exogenous events? I mean do you just assume that nothing is going to happen or is there some base level of the unexpected that you built into your model over and above just the base case, which is that what everybody I think is hoping for is that you have a very uneventful WAVE season and beyond, how should we think about that?
Richard D. Fain: I think it is obviously a challenge for any company doing this and I don't think that we are any different than anyone else and we try and provide a balance. So I don't think it's reasonable to assume that nothing goes wrong in the year. And I remember back to the time when having to divert a ship because of hurricane was the big kind of variable there. And so, we try and give some thought to it. But of course, when you're talking about the kind of events that we've looked to in last couple of years, those are outside of anybody's ability to even remotely predict or incorporate. So we try and be realistic but we also don't try and imagine Black Swan type things happening.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research: Got it. Thanks guys and good luck this WAVE season.
Jason Liberty: Thank you for your assistance, Holly, with the call today and we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the Company. Liz will be available for any follow-ups you might have. And with that, I wish you all a great day.
Operator: Once again, we'd like to thank you for your participation in today's Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 2013 fourth quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason Liberty - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Richard D. Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Adam M. Goldstein - Chief Executive Officer of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International Michael W. Bayley - Chief Executive Officer and President Brian J. Rice - Chief Financial Officer of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd and Executive Vice President of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd
Analysts: Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Assia Georgieva Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kathy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Jason Liberty, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason Liberty: Good morning. I would like to thank you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Brian Rice, our Vice Chairman; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Ian Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which we have posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I'd like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and our other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are adjusted as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin by providing a strategic overview of the business. I will follow with a recap of our third quarter results and will provide an update of the business environment. Adam and Michael will provide a more detailed update on our key markets and products, and then I will walk you through our outlook for the remainder of the year. We will then open the call up for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thank you, Jason. And good morning, everybody. Obviously, it's a pleasure to be announcing better-than-expected earnings, while increasing our guidance for the full year and providing some early indicators for 2014. More importantly, today's results represent another important milestone on our continued journey towards higher returns on our investments and to our shareholders. For years, we've been saying that achieving our financial objectives entails both improving revenue as well as reducing costs. Over this period, we've been investing in our brands, and it's nice to see the results beginning to come through. I'd like to take a moment and review where we are with respect to both our revenue and our cost objectives. Starting with revenue, the third quarter marked the 14th quarter in a row that we have achieved yield improvements, and we're confident that the fourth quarter will make it 15 in a row. Furthermore, although it is early in the booking cycle, our current projections point to 2014 being the fifth consecutive year that we will post further yield improvements. Of course, you all know that these yield increases have been less than we would have liked due to factors beyond our control. But the fact that we continue to consistently post yield improvements in the face of the recent black swan events provides clear evidence that our strategy is working. We've invested heavily in revitalizing our ships, expanding our marketing globally and transforming our IT systems. Our guest surveys show that satisfaction levels with our product are at an all-time high, and our employee engagement surveys continue to impress. All of this drives higher yields, and these improving yields show that our investments are paying off. It's taken longer than we would have liked to get here because we've had to deal with more and bigger exogenous events than we would have wished. But now, we're beginning to see the payoff. Now the results of all these efforts are beginning to come through. We've shown our resilience in the face of the various events, and we're beginning to demonstrate the strength of our business model and the power of our brands as the industry recovers from these headwinds. It's reassuring to note that, as we've talked earlier, the external pressures on yield has limited our upside more than it has caused actually yield declines. We have acknowledged that external pressure on yields has limited our upside. We have acknowledged that the Caribbean is a particular concern. Despite this, our more premium Caribbean products, including the Oasis-Class ships and the Solstice-Class ships, continue to enjoy superior pricing and are delivering good returns. As a result, based on our early bookings, we expect our core Caribbean yields to be roughly flat to down slightly in 2014. We look forward to the Caribbean returning to better pricing, particularly as we lap last year's negative publicity, we expect to see improvement. However, just as we were previously able to offset weakness in Europe and still deliver yield improvements, we expect to be able to more than offset any softness in the entry-level Caribbean itineraries by strength from our other products. That's why we invested in the global footprint, and that's why it shows how well it's paying off. Now turning to the expense side of our programs, we're also seeing our efforts bear fruit here, too. As you know, establishing a global footprint over the last 5 years hasn't come cheap. In addition, we've invested heavily in improving the guest experience onboard our ships and increased our spending on sales and marketing to drive higher revenues. It's a testimony to our focus on cost that we've been able to make all these incremental investments and still reduce our net cruise costs, even without higher capacity growth to help absorb the costs. Remarkably, our net cruise costs excluding fuel this year should actually be lower per berth than they were in 2008. This effort has not been easy, but it is essential. We're searching every corner for opportunities to improve our situation without undermining the product. And I'm very pleased to see how well that effort is coming together. The bulk of the savings is not coming from changing the product, but from reducing our overhead. Unfortunately, there's no silver bullet. We've referred to some of the big items before, but mostly, it's simply a highly-focused attention to detail. As we have said, we ramped up our international efforts aggressively, which is not the most efficient way to do it. Now we have the opportunity to focus on making it more efficient, as well as more effective. Fuel costs are also doing better. While the average price of crude is approximately 8% higher this year than it was in 2008, our average fuel bill is actually lower. That's because we've lowered our consumption per berth by over 14% during this period, and we've mitigated volatile prices through our consistent hedging program. Again, there are no silver bullets in energy savings, just a myriad of small advances. I would like to thank again our operating management and our new building teams for their maniacal focus on this important area. I am confident that our core business model is solid, and we will continue to deliver higher revenues and better costs. But that doesn't mean we don't need to make some changes to do even better. One area we've struggled with is our Pullmantur brand, which is simultaneously our biggest challenge and one of our biggest opportunities. Pullmantur has faced the toughest operating environment of any of our brands, and they've worked hard to overcome the huge obstacles that they have faced. Despite the extraordinary efforts of our very strong management team there, the abysmal Spanish economy continues to be a material drag on our financial results, both in Spain and as a corporation. There are only so many things one can do in the face of such weird headwinds. But our quiver is not empty. As we mentioned last quarter, Pullmantur will be opening a new head office later this year in Latin America. This will place the operating management closer to what is now Pullmantur's largest and fastest-growing market and also help reduce costs. Additionally, we are actively seeking to divest some of Pullmantur's non-cruise business units, which should facilitate Pullmantur's ability to focus on its core businesses. I'm pleased that our people continue to focus on ways to improve our profitability. I am grateful for their commitment and their effort to make us more successful. Ironically, their very success adds to the challenge each year. Nevertheless, we continue to believe that we will be able to maintain our objective of higher revenues and lower cost in 2014. Overall, we believe that we are rapidly emerging from under the shadow of the black swan events. Finally, the strength of our business model is coming into its own. As we have a said before, we believe that we must have double-digit returns on our investments, and we have a ways to go to get there. But our performance trajectory shows that we are well poised to make a rapid ascent against these targets. One tangible side of our confidence is the increase in our dividend level that we announced a month or so ago. I would also point to our efforts to enhance our corporate governance procedures that we announced at the same time. I believe that we are well positioned to achieve our long-term objectives and to realize the value we have been working towards. Before turning the microphone back to Jason, I'd like to thank the men and women of Royal Caribbean who have worked so hard everyday to provide the finest vacations in the world. This has been a difficult period for them, as they have had to overcome the commercial headwinds and as we go through so many changes to implement these profitability initiatives. Throughout it all, they have consistently demonstrated professionalism and passion for success. To them, I say a heartfelt thank you. With that, it's a pleasure to turn it back to Jason for his commentary.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. Before we get into our operating results, I would like to mention that, as expected, we have incurred some restructuring and related charges related to our various profitability initiatives. These total $12.2 million in the third quarter and $13.9 million year-to-date. These charges relate mainly to restructuring and consolidation of parts of our global operation. Accounting rules dictate that the timing of when we take these charges, so we will be incurring some additional charges in future quarters. For example, severance charges are recorded when an employee is notified, while lease termination gets recorded when we no longer are utilizing the facility. This is all detailed in our 10-Q that will be filed later today. Our profitability improvement initiatives will continue so it is possible we will incur some onetime costs in the future in our efforts to drive improved performance. When assessing our performance on a comparative basis, we believe these charges are not as meaningful and are not indicative of future operating performance. Accordingly, we have introduced adjusted earnings measures that exclude such exceptional charges. Now let's look at our third quarter results, which will have -- which we have summarized on Slide 2. Unless I state differently, all metrics will be on a constant-currency basis and will exclude restructuring and related charges. For the quarter, we generated net income of $1.71 per share, which exceeded the range we provided on our July call, despite a $0.09 per share impact from the unexpected canceled sailings of Celebrity Millennium. Net revenue yield increased 2.6% for the quarter, which was better than our guidance of an increase of 1% to 2%. If you exclude the canceled Millennium sailings in Alaska, yields would have been 40 basis points higher, or up 3% for the quarter. Ticket pricing on close-in business for European sailings was much better than expected, with overall European ticket yields up 8% year-over-year. Going into the quarter, China was one of our biggest areas of uncertainty because of the ongoing territorial island dispute with Japan and resultant itinerary modification. Our China team responded extremely well, driving close-in demand and delivering better-than-expected pricing and volume. The Caribbean, which represented about a quarter of our Q3 capacity, was generally in line with our expectations. Onboard revenue increased an impressive 7% for the quarter. We benefited from new onboard venues introduced as a result of our revitalizations, and we saw further strength in spending from our U.S. customers, which helped generate improvement in gaming, beverage, specialty dining and shore excursions. Net cruise costs excluding fuel were up 3.9% for the quarter, which was in line with our previous guidance. If you exclude the canceled Millennium sailings, costs would have been up 2.8% for the quarter. In the third quarter, we completed our refinancing activities through the bank market at favorable rates below our weighted average cost of debt. At quarter end, we had $2.6 billion in liquidity. Now I would like to update you on what we are seeing in the booking environment, starting with what we are seeing with fourth quarter sailings. While competitive pressures are having impacts on Caribbean pricing in the fourth quarter, we have a solid order book and strength in our European, Australia and Asian products, which are more than offsetting these pressures. Our APDs and book load factors are above same time last year for all key itineraries, including the Caribbean. Overall, the fourth quarter is shaping up a bit better than we had expected a few months ago. And as we stated in the press release, we expect yields in the fourth quarter to increase by 2% to 3%. Before I go into 2014, I thought it would be valuable to take a minute and show you how the WAVE Period plays a critical role in our performance. If you look at Slide 3, we have put together a graph that we believe helps illustrate the importance of WAVE. It also helps illustrate how bookings in one year impact yields in the next. Generally speaking, we start seeing bookings come in for a given year in the preceding January and continue to build throughout a 2-year cycle. The line on this chart represents the average number of bookings we have taken each week over the cycle over the last 5 years of sailings. The blue dot on the right represents where we are in the selling cycle for 2013 sailings. As you would expect, the number of bookings we are taking for 2013 sailings is relatively low at this point and trailing off rather quickly as we approach year-end. On the other hand, the blue dot on the left represents where we are in the selling cycle for 2014 sailings. We are clearly on the upswing. But as you can see, the number of bookings we typically take at this point in time pales in comparison to the WAVE Period. Over the past several years, the industry has experienced a number of significant events that have unfortunately cropped up at or around the WAVE Period and had a lingering effect on the pricing environment. Last year, the industry suffered from significant negative publicity starting in early February and, as you can see, the timing could not have been worse. The publicity extended into subsequent quarters and has had lasted longer and has hurt more than we had originally expected, but it is waning. Overall, we believe we are emerging from under the shadows of these unfortunate events, and we are encouraged that for 2014 sailings, we are currently booked ahead of same time last year in both APD and load factor. This looks even better when you consider that at this point last year, we hadn't yet experienced the negative effects of the bad press. In other words, our comparables become a little bit easier going forward. We expect 2014 will be our fifth consecutive year of yield improvement. Because of the timing of last year's adverse publicity, the comparables for the first quarter will be a little bit more difficult. I am sure you can appreciate from the graph that until we get into the WAVE season and see how bookings are shaping up, we won't be ready to provide specific yield guidance. However, at this point, we feel it is reasonable to expect yields to grow in the low-single digits for the year. The booking environment for 2014 has been relatively stable for the past few months. New booking volume since our last call have averaged about 5% higher than during the same period last year and our average booking window has extended slightly. Based on what we are seeing in the booking environment today, here's what we are expecting at the product level in 2014. Caribbean yields are expected to be flat to slightly down year-over-year. Europe is expected to have a second year of strong yield improvement. Healthy yield growth is expected in Asia, and we expect moderate growth from the already high-yielding Alaska program. I would now like to ask Adam to give you more color on the Caribbean and Asia, and ask Michael to do the same with Europe and Alaska. Adam?
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Jason. Richard and Jason have summarized the outlook for our Caribbean product range. While visibility is limited, at this point, we expect our Caribbean yields to be approximately flat to slightly down on a year-over-year basis in 2014. We are currently booked ahead of last year for first quarter Caribbean sailings and behind for the remaining quarters of 2014. Our long history and market leadership position in the Caribbean will serve us well as we put additional sales and marketing focus towards our 2014 Caribbean revenue target. The fact that the remainder of our product portfolio is booking at an encouraging pace and at encouraging rates, will also serve to enable such focus. Furthermore, our global footprint for customer sourcing provides a variety of strategic and tactical avenues for promoting our Caribbean offerings across and within countries. 2013 has been a challenging year for our industry, featuring significant adverse publicity, much of which has featured Caribbean cruising in a negative light. Given the reality of extraordinary customer satisfaction and assuming no further negative event, we anticipate a more positive consumer attitude towards cruising by the end of the first quarter as the industry laps the beginning of the onslaught of negative media coverage. We acknowledge there is heightened interest in the fact that our capacity growth in the Caribbean and that of the overall industry will be approximately 13% in 2014 versus approximately 2% growth in 2013 over 2012. Interestingly, our Caribbean yield change this year over last year and our preliminary Caribbean yield change outlook for 2014 are roughly equal. This supports our view that while the capacity growth percentage is a relevant factor in the overall equation, it's just one of many factors that will determine sector performance. For example, next year, most of the industry's Caribbean growth will occur in South Florida. However, most of our company's Caribbean growth will occur elsewhere, especially in Galveston where Navigator of the Seas will begin year-round service. While we expect to maintain a high level of focus on driving revenue on all of our Caribbean products, in general, we see more competitive pressure in the near-term in South Florida than in other Caribbean home ports. Moving to Asia, we have been hoping to declare on one of these calls that our 2 ships offering cruises from China will resume calls in Japan. While we are ready to reincorporate Japanese ports of call into our itineraries at short notice, for 2014 we have opened up our sailings for booking once again based on itineraries offering exclusively Korean destinations. This is, of course, frustrating particularly since we do not see any signs of positive geopolitical change in the dynamic between China and Japan. We continue to build our brand, our distribution and our management team in China with a view to making the best of the itinerary options that are available to us. We believe our greater experience in the market played a role in the stronger-than-expected late season bookings we recently realized. Our capacity increase in Asia in 2014 will be just over 20%, which primarily reflects the full year capacity upgrade from Legend of the Seas to Mariner of the Seas that occurred in May of this year. Before I turn this over to Michael who will comment on Europe and Alaska, I would like to mention that in just a few months, we will begin our revitalization program of our 5 Voyager-class ships. These ships, which represent about 25% of Royal Caribbean International's capacity, have played a vital role in our fleet since 1999. Although we once thought that they would only ever sail from South Florida to the Caribbean, in fact, Voyager class has pioneered the brand's expansion into Europe and more recently, Asia. In addition to the culinary, entertainment and technology features we have now added to 9 of our 10 Vision and Radiance class ships, we plan to add over 75 staterooms to each of our Voyager-class ships over the next several years. Michael?
Michael W. Bayley: Thank you, Adam. And good morning, everyone. We spent the last several years developing a very well-diversified portfolio from a sourcing and deployment standpoint. And a large portion of our deployment is performing very well. We are very pleased that Alaska and Europe look to provide us with continued pricing improvements in 2014. Our investments in key European and global source markets is generating strong performance for our European product, enabling us to achieve solid gains in our pricing. Demand for European itineraries has been very strong from all of our core markets, including the United States and the United Kingdom and Ireland, and we are well positioned for another year of yield growth. Over the past 12 weeks, our European bookings have outpaced last year by over 25%, while pricing is higher than same time last year. We've added a collection of 7-night round trip and open-dual Mediterranean itineraries, which are combinable into 14, 21 and 28-day sailings on the Celebrity Cruises brand, which are being well-received by the market and advance bookings have surpassed our expectations. We are also very pleased with the performance of Oasis of the Seas, which will have a mini-European season in 2014. Key to our strength in Europe is our recognition of the importance of simplifying the European cruise proposition particularly for our American guests. This year, Celebrity Cruises and Royal Caribbean International relaunched our ChoiceAir program, which includes Low Airfare Guarantees, Assured Arrival, Your Choice Flights and 24/7 Support. This program has been particularly well received, with significantly more air bookings for the European sailings than the same time last year. The key value, of course, of our ChoiceAir program is that it increases the stick rates of our cruise booking, providing a higher level of confidence in our projections as we look forward. Early bookings for the overall Europe portfolio have been very encouraging, with our load factors trending ahead of last year in the mid-single-digit range and higher ticket per diem for every month of the season. Overall, Europe will represent about 22% of our global offering in 2014 and will drive more in terms of revenue share. Alaska, which represents a smaller part of our overall deployment, is very meaningful in the third quarter where it accounts for 10% of our overall capacity and even more on a revenue basis. Alaska has been a solid performer for us over the past couple of years, and we've been maintaining similar yields to those achieved during our record 2011 season. In 2013, we introduced Celebrity Solstice into Alaska, which performed extremely well. Bookings and pricing for 2014 Alaska sailings have been trending ahead of last year and we are anticipating further yield growth for the season. Both Alaska and Europe products operate during our crucial Q2 and Q3 peak season. And early indications for 2014 is their performance is shaping up very nicely. Jason, back to you.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Michael. Taking into account all we have just told you about the various markets and products, I would now like to take you through our updated guidance. Slide 4 reconciled our current 2013 EPS guidance with the guidance we provided in July. As you can see, strong revenue performance is improving our outlook for the year and has more than offset the impact from the canceled Millennium sailings. Slide 5 summarizes our full year guidance. As you can see, we expect our net revenue yields to finish on top -- on the top end of our previous guidance for an increase of approximately 3%. Our cost outlook remains unchanged from July with an increase in net cruise costs excluding fuel of 1% to 2%. We have included $920 million of fuel expense for the year, a reduction of $3 million versus our July calculations. The modest reduction since July is primarily the result of further consumption reduction efforts, but it also reflects a minor reduction in fuel due to the Millennium outage. Our at-the-pump price calculations are in line with July. So as a result of all this, we have increased our adjusted earnings per share expectations to be between $2.30 and $2.35 for the year despite these challenges. On Slide 6, we have recapped our guidance for the fourth quarter. Net yields are expected to be up 2% to 3%, and net cruise costs excluding fuel is expected to increase 1% to 2%. Earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $0.15 to $0.20 per share. Based on the current booking environment and the benefits derived from our profitability improvement program, we currently expect 2014 to be consistent with Street consensus of $3.06 per share. As Richard mentioned, despite inflationary pressures, rising reinsurance costs and continued investments in the product, marketing and technology, we still remain committed to our net cruise costs excluding fuel of being better than flat in 2014. With that, I will ask our operator, Kathy, to open up the call for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess, first, this question would be for Adam. I mean, you guys talked about the Caribbean and what you're seeing so far for 2014, and that's pretty surprising how healthy that is. Adam, you talked about how a lot of your capacity next year is going to be sourced from other markets outside of that core Florida product. But if you look at that Florida product and for example Oasis or Allure, can you talk about how those types of ships are booking right now?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, thanks, Steve. It will -- they continue to be leaders in the cruise industry. They continue to command highly competitive rates. They are really the flagships of the industry, especially in terms of their family product offering. Obviously, our goal with those ships, like every other ship that we have, is to maximize the profitability at the margin. And we take the Caribbean outlook, as I mentioned in my commentary, quite seriously, and we'll be working very hard to promote all of our ships, including those 2 ships, to make the most of 2014. But I think in the big picture they remain, despite the fact that a number of other new ships have come into the market since Allure arrived in 2010, the leaders in the industry.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Second question, final question would be, I guess, it's for Jason. Your outlook for next year, you're basically talking about at this point, you're seeing yield growth in the low-single digit. Can you talk about, maybe, just kind of an early outlook in terms of your cost outlook for next year as well?
Jason Liberty: Yes, just to -- Steve, just to reiterate on the cost side, our expectations on costs are for them to be better than flat in 2014, which is consistent with what we said in July.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just looking at the Caribbean a little bit. I wonder if you can talk about anything incremental in the last few weeks? I mean, are you seeing competitive prices being held a little bit more and maybe occupancy being sacrificed at some competing capacity that is, maybe, taking off a little bit of price pressure? I mean, I don't know if you can comment on anything sort of incremental in the last few weeks.
Adam M. Goldstein: Robin, I don't think that we've seen anything so greatly noteworthy in the last few weeks. I think we commented already that in general, the booking outlook in recent many weeks, not just the last few weeks, has been pretty stable, generally since the last call. So we knew and we talked about it in July that we were in a promotionally-oriented environment for the Caribbean sector. That continues to be the case, but not because of any notable change in trend that's occurred in the last few weeks.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess I'm trying to get a sense of whether -- you mentioned it's been stable since the last call. So would you say the level of promotion in the environment has bottomed? And I understand it won't really sort of anniversary until after February, March, but it sounds it's at least kind of bottomed in terms of the level of promotional activity?
Adam M. Goldstein: I really don't think we're in a position to comment on that because, of course, the whole industry is involved in promotional activity. From our standpoint, what I've said is that we will be -- we take the Caribbean environment very seriously, and we are increasing our focus in general on promoting our Caribbean products over the course of the upcoming months into the WAVE. And we would expect through that focus and effort to galvanize demand. But there really hasn't been anything that has happened that's of exceptional noteworthiness in the last few weeks, and it's actually impossible to say when anything has bottomed out or peaked except in hindsight. So we're too close to recent weeks to make a comment like that.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right, I appreciate that. Just lastly, you mentioned some of your capacity, South Florida versus other markets. Can you quantify what percent of capacity in the Caribbean is not South Florida?
Adam M. Goldstein: We will look into that number for you and Ian will make that available to you after. I don't think we have that right off the top.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Greg Badishkanian. First, just in terms of your expectation for low-single-digit net yields for next year, what are you assuming in terms of the pricing environment over the next few months, especially kind of the Caribbean and what needs to happen to maybe see some upside to your initial outlook.
Brian J. Rice: Steve, this is Brian. I think -- I'm sorry, Greg. I think we were pretty much assuming that the environment stays pretty consistent with what we've been seeing. While there's a lot of promotional activity in the marketplace, particularly in the Caribbean, it is pretty predictable at this point. It's not inconsistent with general patterns that we've seen. I think we were feeling more confident, as Michael alluded do, with where Europe is right now. But if you look at the chart that Jason showed in terms of kind of how the booking cycle works, you can see we have a lot at stake with the WAVE Period. I think the most positive news we have in terms of what can happen with the pricing environment is when we get to mid-February, we will have lapped when all the negative press began. In the nearer term, I think our comparables have become slightly easier as well because at this time a year ago, we were seeing the consequences of Superstorm Sandy and that took a little bit of a hit on booking activity. And you had to see more promotion. So I think we feel as though we have a pretty good grip on it, but there's still a lot of business to be booked.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. And you mentioned Europe. Just over the last several weeks, maybe kind of just walk us through what we've been seeing there. And also is it sort of the benefits from the contained capacity, you've got easy compares, maybe some pent-up demand. What's going to lead into the improvement in Europe in your opinion?
Michael W. Bayley: Greg, it's Michael. I'll answer that. I think, I commented earlier on that one of the things that we're particularly proud of is that we have invested over the past several years in really extending the reach of the brands into the global marketplace, and we're certainly seeing good demand out of all of the different regions and markets around the world. So that's been quite positive, and I think that's certainly a factor in terms of the global reach that our brands have. And the second thing is that we've seen surprisingly positive demand from the U.S. market, and we think that, that's partly as the result of some of the things that we'd be doing tactically in terms of making air and the proposition itself much easier for the customer to purchase. So I think those are certainly factors. Capacity constraints, I think that probably plays a role, but it's very difficult to try to quantify that in any real way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You guys have us some color on onboards in the prepared remarks, but Richard, I just want to know what you're selling on those ships to have net onboards up 7% in the quarter. So how should we think about that going forward? I mean should we be as excited as a 7% number should indicate? Or would you like to temper our outlook there a bit?
Richard D. Fain: Well, Felicia, first of all, I think you're right. I'd like to buy some of whatever it is we must be selling there. I don't know what the relevant laws are. So I'll put that aside. I think I'll ask Adam to comment specifically on some of the -- because there's quite a few different initiatives going on and how we expect them to play out.
Adam M. Goldstein: Felicia. Well, first, of course, the progress that we've made in 2013 becomes the comparable for '14. So the progress in and of itself presents a certain challenge for ongoing year-over-year improvement. With that as background, I will say that you don't get an improvement of that sort without seeing progress in the main onboard revenue stream. So as I believe we mentioned earlier, gaming, beverage, shore excursions, retail and also some of the smaller revenue streams, internet has been doing well for us, which we wanted to see because we made a significant investment in, I think, 7 or 8x more bandwidth to the ships this year, and that seems to be paying off. So a number of the investments that we have already made, we would expect to continue to pay dividends and revenue growth into 2014 and beyond. And we continue to look under every stone for onboard revenue opportunities that don't conflict with the satisfaction of the product offering. And very similar I would say to how we feel about fuel consumption, where we continue to look for efficiency opportunities under every stone, we continue to find opportunities. So we are optimistic, looking into 2014 against the backdrop of a comparable that will be tough.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So to follow on with that, when you talk about looking to overall yield improvement in the low-single digits for 2014, as I'm quoting from the release, is that comment just on ticket revenue, or is that on overall? And if it's on overall, how should we think about the ticket revenue for next year in light of the strength of onboard?
Jason Liberty: Felicia, it's Jason. In devising that guidance, ticket is expected to also be up on the year-over-year and going into 2014. Onboard is obviously expected to go up but tempered relative to 2014, as Adam commented. But overall, we expect both lines to improve year-over-year.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just last thing, as you guys think about your cost next year, and you said it could be better or at least flat. Where are some areas where we think we might get some upside from?
Jason Liberty: Well, I think in terms of upside on the cost side, we're doing constant profitability improvement efforts to be able to meet those targets and goals. I mean, I think there are obviously items on the overall cost side on fuel and some other elements depending on pricing. But I think overall, us getting to flat -- better than flat is going to be an aggressive target that we plan to achieve.
Richard D. Fain: And Felicia, it's Richard. If I could just add a little color to that. I think a number of us had made the comment that we actually had some pleasant surprises this year. A lot of the initiatives that we have been talking about for a very long period of time came in earlier than we expected. So one of the things that happened was in the third quarter, we had the Millennium outage, which was really a body blow to us and certainly unexpected. And so I think you had alluded to in one of your reports, unusually, we didn't say, "Oh, we had this unexpected event, and it's costing us $20-odd million and so you should adjust your impact." We didn't say anything, and we've now made clear that we have more than compensated by some of the savings and some of the other things that have happened. So I think part of the reason you're hearing a little bit of hesitancy about why we did so well this year or we're going to do even -- we're going to do more next year is because we've -- by doing well, we've made the comparables more difficult. So we are determined, and I'll be precise as to say we are determined that it will be less than flat, better than flat. I always get confused with less than, but it will be better than flat. And we are determined to make that. But as I think everybody has indicated, that really is a challenge. And also on the onboard revenue side, remember we've had quite a few of the revitalizations. They've been very successful for us. And one of the areas that they've helped us is in the onboard revenue because we really have focused on adding new and better onboard revenue facilities. But that -- those revitalizations, we're nearing the end of that process, too. So I think the comparables simply become more difficult.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: I had one question, which maybe, Brian, you can help me answer. Caribbean pricing has seemed to be down for several quarters now. And in the past, other markets have gone through these cycles, which have not necessarily correlated to a significant increase in capacity. Bermuda comes to mind, without any reasonable explanation a few years back. Do you think we're seeing some of that? Maybe the repeat passenger base is getting a little bit tired of the same itineraries? Or do you think it's more of a capacity issue?
Brian J. Rice: Actually, Assia, I think it's the repeaters that are giving us the strength that we're seeing right now. If you look at the Caribbean is, in our terminology, is comprised of a lot of different product offerings. You have everything from short 3- and 4-night cruises out of South Florida. You have the core 7-night Caribbean cruises out of South Florida. You have cruises out of the Northeast and the Gulf Coast and then you also have longer Caribbean itineraries. And what we're seeing, if you drill into it, is the more, what Richard referred to as entry-level products, which would be the shorter cruises for the most part, that tends to be where you get more first-time cruisers and it's where we're probably seeing some of the most aggressive pricing. Adam talked about Oasis and Allure, those are premium-priced products and accordingly, tend to be holding their own better than what we're seeing promotionally in the marketplace overall. And I'd also point out that the long Caribbean, which is not an insignificant part of our portfolio, is actually doing better this year than a year ago when we more recently, actually, have been able to take some price increases there. So when you package it all together, it's about flat to slightly down in our projections next year. But it is made up of a lot of different components. And again, I would say, probably the press that we've experienced over the last year, that will be lapping in February, clearly had more of an impact on the first-time cruiser.
Assia Georgieva: So when we parse it by type of destination and product, it is really the negative press from February that is having the most impact?
Brian J. Rice: Yes, I think as we've looked at this, and Adam had this in his comments, we recognize there is a low-double-digit capacity increase next year. But our feeling is that we're absorbing that quite well, and it's dispersed into the markets that we'd like to see it, at least from our standpoint. And I think when you consider everything that's been out there in terms of the press, and we've been able to put a low-double-digit increase of capacity in there and be reasonably close to flat next year, I think that's a testimony of the core strength.
Assia Georgieva: Sure. And Jason, maybe one question for you. In terms of the restructuring charges, you mentioned that you would provide us with more detail in the 10-Q to be filed later on today. Could you give us some color in terms of the length of time, number of quarters that we should continue to expect those? And whether the magnitude would be similar to what we saw in Q3, which was somewhat significant?
Jason Liberty: Assia, in terms of forward-looking periods, it's tough to commit to how long at all the profit-improvement initiatives come to bear. But the costs that specifically that we took the charge for, in Q3, in the 10-Q, what you'll see is about $10 million in Q4 and about $16 million into 2014, which will be laid out in the 10-Q. And that is specific to our global restructuring efforts that we have taken action to.
Assia Georgieva: So the $10 million in Q4 and the $16 million, those $26 million, that should take care of the majority of it?
Jason Liberty: That should take care of the cost associated with our global restructuring. Yes.
Richard D. Fain: Assia, I just want to make sure it was clear. That's the one initiative and, as Jason pointed out earlier, there may be some others that may have an impact. And we're really only dealing with what we knew about it today, and that's the one that's -- that he was describing.
Assia Georgieva: Okay, Richard, so as we go along, there might be other incremental expenses?
Richard D. Fain: Yes. Relating to other initiatives.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on the onboard spending because I agree, it's been tremendous kind of all year. And I guess on the 3% net yield for the full year of the guidance, what part of that is ticket at this point versus onboard? And then when you do the revitalizations, I'm assuming there is a big kind of gain on the ships, but there are other programs you've implemented, like the beverage program on Royal this year, and that seems like that's something that could continue to grow quite nicely as you increase penetration and awareness of that. So I guess, long way of saying, what's the kind of longer-term right run rate for onboard spending, given where you are in the different revitalizations as well as the program rollouts?
Jason Liberty: Sharon, just to take a quick breakdown in terms of for the makeup of the 3% for the year. We're expecting ticket to be up around 2% for the year, approximately 2%; and on board to be up about 7% for the year. And that, combined, averages out to about 3% for the full year.
Richard D. Fain: If I can give some flavor for the onboard revenue. First of all, as it relates to revitalizations, one of the big advantages of that program is we can put in new venues, such as specialty restaurants that are revenue generating. And we can also put in new technological capabilities, like pervasive Wi-Fi, more bandwidth and what have you. So there are opportunities that come with revitalizations that are special and that have ratcheted us forward in our efforts, and they've applied to both Royal Caribbean and Celebrity. And as I mentioned in the case of Royal Caribbean International with the 5 Voyager-class ships coming up in the next few years, we'll again have those opportunities. But as you alluded in your question, we have other programmatic opportunities that don't have anything to do with revitalization that we've been very focused on that pretty much span the major revenue centers. So in various ways, we've been investing in a renewal and improvement of our casino offerings, we have reorganized our approach to the land operation, which has brought more focus to our shore excursion revenue capacity. You mentioned, I think, a couple of the beverage programs, which have resonated very well across the Royal Caribbean and Celebrity brands, and we continue to find new variations on those packaging themes that help us. We've even been able to take good advantage of those in our overall promotional offerings for the ticket plus the onboard, which is quite interesting and different from what we've done in the past. So if you look area by area, we have, in fact, pursued and implemented programmatic changes, and we continue to look for more as we go forward.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And maybe asking a different way, as you look into 2014, is there any one category where you think there is still tremendous low-hanging fruit? And then, just a follow-on. The spa hasn't been mentioned in a while. Is there anything kind of systematically happening in the spa? It used to lead onboard revenue for quite while.
Michael W. Bayley: Sharon, it's Michael. Let me just jump in. I think one of the areas that's been good for us this year, and I think we're quite optimistic about looking into '14, is the destination experience, the land packages and shore excursions. We're certainly seeing that there seems to be a greater appetite from our customers and guests with regards to purchasing these packages. So we think there's more opportunity for us looking forward in that area. And with regards to the spa, I think that's always been a very healthy revenue for us. And I think we're in a relatively good position. We're constantly looking at pricing, the ability to push the pricing. And I think that we saw in '13 that there was some opportunity there and, certainly, in '14, we're looking at where we can take advantage of some pricing opportunities. And that's also beyond the spa, especially in areas like beverage and specialty dining. I think we found that there seems to be reasonable appetite when we do push the pricing up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of items here. A little bit more color, if you would, I think color on the European from the Celebrity side. But in general, any commentary, specifically on your continental sourcing? What you're seeing in the different geographic areas, Southern Europe, Germany in particular? And then, looking at your air/sea mix that you commented on earlier also, how do you see that shaping up for '13 versus '12? And then maybe, what's your thoughts as to where that could go in '14?
Michael W. Bayley: Okay, Tim. For Celebrity, in terms of how we're looking at Europe. We're feeling relatively optimistic. We have our Solstice Class in Europe in Q2 and Q3 and we've made no changes there. So we're seeing -- we're feeling good about the demand that we're seeing. We're certainly feeling good about the pricing that we're currently seeing. I think I commented earlier that, over the past 12 weeks, demand has been really good, up over 25% over the past 12 weeks. So the company and, certainly, Celebrity to a good share of that. So Europe, as a destination for Celebrity Cruises, is part of our key strategic thinking, and we haven't changed that in any way, and I think we're enjoying some of the fruits of that strategy and as we look into '14. As it relates to the various markets, I think Adam may be able to comment in more depth about what Royal's seeing from a Southern European, German perspective. But we're seeing a little bit of a comeback in Southern Europe and Germany. I think the brand, our brand strategy, though, is somewhat very targeted and focused. We believe that there is a rich vein of affluent customers, both certainly in Southern Europe and certainly in Germany. So we're beginning to see that coming through in our bookings. As it relates to air/sea mix, that is another part of the Celebrity strategy. We've been quite focused on building this proposition of cruise plus air and packaging putting it into the marketplace. And when you look at the air/sea mix, I don't have the percentage numbers in front of me, but if you compare '12 with '13 and '14, air/sea mix bookings, probably up in the mid- to high-double digits year-over-year. So we feel like it's a positive proposition that we got into the marketplace on air/sea.
Adam M. Goldstein: Let's just take a couple of things from a Royal Caribbean International perspective. One, which is probably true for Celebrity as well, is the appetite for European cruises from the U.S. market has been pretty strong for the last month, and has contributed to the percentage of increase year-over-year that Michael has cited a couple of times this morning. We discussed in past calls whether air was an issue for U.S. guests trying to go on European cruises, and right now, what we're able -- we're very pleased with what we're seeing from the U.S. market. Coming back to Europe, we try to simplify the product offerings for our European source market in '14 as compared to the last few years. We're not doing as much inter-porting, which is finding an intermediate -- what are normally ports of call, but also having people coming on and off the ships at those ports of call. And we have, I think, rationalized our capacity so that the products and services that we have on offer in '14 are generally more attractive for our European source markets than they have been in the last couple of years, while there's been a lot of ferment in the market. So we're seeing good demand from across the various markets. Royal Caribbean will be having its first German homeported product for a number of weeks next August [indiscernible] out of Hamburg, which we're looking forward to as an experiment. And so it's a little early still. But obviously, we'll have more color for you as we go through the quarters.
Richard D. Fain: Tim, it's Richard, and I'll just add, obviously, we tend to focus on the 5 brands that are 100% owned. But we, as you know, we're involved with a joint venture TUI Cruises in Germany, and it has been extremely successful. We think it's found a good niche in the -- a good position in the German market, and we have the new ship coming next spring, which we think will be -- will do very well. So that brand is also thriving.
Jason Liberty: Kathy, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And your last question comes the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just a quick question going back to the Caribbean. In the first quarter, how booked are you this year versus last year for the first quarter?
Adam M. Goldstein: Harry, it's Adam. I believe I mentioned before in my comments that for the first quarter for the Caribbean, we are booked -- our occupancy is in a better position now than it was a year ago.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, I was just wondering, are you 25% booked, 35%? Can you give that level of detail?
Jason Liberty: It would -- we would be about 2/3 booked at this point. And that's across the whole portfolio of the spectrum of shorter cruises and the longer ones as well.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: The reason I'm asking is that in the Caribbean, I'm just wondering if your expectations for pricing being flat to flattish could be somewhat conservative. If the first quarter is looking fairly well-booked, I'm just thinking that the yield management for the balance of the year, when some of that capacity actually leaves the Caribbean, might suggest that your pricing could be up for the year. I'm just wondering how conservative a statement that you being flat to down a little bit in the Caribbean might turn out to be.
Jason Liberty: Harry, this is Jason. And thanks for being so optimistic. But when we came up with our guidance or our outlook for next year, it really was our best thinking. It wasn't us trying to sandbag in any way. It was a culmination of all the different things you've kind of heard on the call to come up with that level of guidance, specifically around the Caribbean.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then last question is just going back to China for a second. On an absolute basis, how much does pricing need to lift versus the pricing that you're getting, either in Europe or the Caribbean, to justify additional capacity there?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, there's a lot that goes into the economics of being in any sector besides just the revenue levels. We are pleased with the revenue development that we are experiencing in Asia, understanding that in 2011, we had to work through the shock of what happened at Fukushima. And in 2013, we've had to work through the unfortunate situation of not being able to call in Japan. But from an overall revenue standpoint, and by overall, I mean not only ticket but also the onboard revenue component of Asia cruising, which is attractive for us, we're pleased with where we are. And yet we have a market situation that is clearly in its infancy in terms of branding, distribution, et cetera, et cetera. And we also still have a lot of work to do on the cost side of being things out there and also on infrastructure improvement. So the Asian situation is in a very different state of development than Europe or North America, and we're looking at all the factors and projecting forward what we might be able to do.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just as a follow-up there, do you think that there's a reasonable chance in the next year that you might see additional equipment move to Asia that might take some of the supply pressure off the Caribbean?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, we're not in a position to comment on or to project forward possible deployment initiatives. We've identified that Asia is of strategic significance to the company. We're extremely pleased with the reaction in that region to our brand, Royal Carribean International in China and throughout the region, Celebrity Cruises in Australia. And so we're very interested to remain in a leading position in the industry. We'll have to see where that takes us in terms of deployment.
Jason Liberty: Thank you for your assistance, Kathy, with the call today. And we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. I will be available for any follow-ups you might have. And with that, I wish you, all, a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason Liberty - Senior Vice President of Strategy and Finance Richard D. Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian J. Rice - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Adam M. Goldstein - Chief Executive Officer of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International Michael W. Bayley - Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Assia Georgieva Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shaira, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Jason Liberty, you may begin.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Shaira. Good morning. I'd like to thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Brian Rice, our Vice Chairman.; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Michael Bayley, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Ian Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which we have posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined. And a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin by providing a business overview and discussing the profitability initiatives that we announced this morning. I will follow up with a brief recap of our second quarter results. Bryan will provide an update on the business environment. I will then walk you through our earnings expectations for the remainder of the year. And Adam and Michael will provide an update on their respective brands. I will then open the call up for questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thanks, Jason, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. As always, it's a pleasure to have this opportunity to provide a bit more color on our results for the quarter and on our perspective going forward. I also am ready to admit that it's more fun to do that today when I believe we're building positive momentum. And we're setting the stage for taking our returns to the next level. As noted in our release, the second quarter exceeded our forecast on both revenues and expenses. And the full year also looks like it will be even marginally better than our most recent guidance. The most significant feature of our recent guidance changes actually is probably something we don't mention as a cause. The only changes we refer to when we talk about changes in guidance are the fire and the foreign exchange changes. But everybody knows that in the first half of 2013, the industry suffered under the unrelenting pressure of a deluge of negative publicity. That pressure has clearly hurt our bookings and unfortunately, to a greater extent than we originally understood. It's also true, as many of you reported, that in recent weeks, competitive pricing has gotten more intense. Thus, the fact that we don't even list these factors as driving lower yields means that in other respects, our yields are even stronger than we originally predicted. I believe that this shows how strong our business model is. And it suggests that current yields are anomalously low. Furthermore, as excruciating as that media coverage was, and has been, we can already see indications that, that factor is waning. And this is most encouraging as we look forward. I think most of you understand that the recent incidents in our industry are an aberration from an otherwise exemplary safety record over many decades. Going forward, the industry under the aegis of CLIA has undertaken a significant number of additional safety and comfort-related measure measures, which further reduced the risks of such events in the future. And we have all learned better how to deal with the press and with social media on such issues. I think all these factors are helping us overcome the misconceptions. At the same time, it's very gratifying to see our cost control efforts come into fruition. We have previously talked about some of these initiatives. And you can already see the early results in both revenues and lower-than-expected costs. This is helping us this year, but the benefits will accelerate as we go into 2014. Given our historical booking patterns, this is actually the time of the year when the vast majority of our current year's bookings are already in hand, that we begin to focus more on the coming year. Looking forward, it feels good to see us coming to an inflection point, both on revenue and expenses. On the revenue side, we take comfort watching the bookings as they recover from the negative publicity earlier this year. Bookings for both 2013 and 2014 are ahead of where we were at the same time last year, both in terms of load factor and pricing. And this year, during the middle of our WAVE period, we had to contend with the CNN effect. We're also continuing aggressively on the cost side. And we think, that like any other long-term process, the benefits will accelerate over time. We do call out 2 of these initiatives in our press release. The first is Pullmantur's new head office in Latin America to position it better for that growing market. The second item are the steps we are undertaking to reduce the cost of operating our international infrastructure. We expect the majority of the cost initiatives to be on the overhead component rather than on the shipboard side. At the same time, I take comfort from the fact that the initiatives we've already been working on have proven successful not only in cutting costs, but in maintaining and even improving our product delivery. All of this is evidenced by record high satisfaction levels from our guests. Fortunately, throughout this difficult period, the delivery of our product has remained strong. And the strength of our individual brands has remained solid. Our objective for next year is to at least achieve flat net cruise costs excluding fuel. And while we don't forecast what the price of oil will do, we do work aggressively to reduce our energy consumption. The most recent example of this is a new bubble technology that was installed on Celebrity Reflection last year. The system generates tiny bubbles that isolate the hull from the friction of the water. With this technology, the ship is now literally sailing on a cushion of air. And we are looking forward to expanding this technology to other ships in due course. On the fleet development side, we continue our view that lower than historical growth rates is the appropriate strategy for us. Our current new building program keeps growth from 2012 to 2016 in the 4% range, assuming no dispositions. Getting the balance right is important. Lower growth helps our supply demand dynamic, but the profitability of the new ships is simply awesome. For example, our ships built since 2006 generate about 25% more revenue per berth than the older vessels. And those older vessels cost roughly 20% more per berth to operate. As a result, our newer ships generate about 3.5x the cash flow of our older vessels. Now fuel efficiency is a big factor in this. Our new building team and our operating technical people are obsessive about reducing our energy consumption. Oasis and Allure of the Seas are probably the most energy-efficient cruise ships in the world. And their fuel consumption is roughly 25% better than the rest of our fleet. Yet Quantum, coming out next year, is actually even better. On a like-for-like basis, they have taken advantage of further advances in technology and by focusing on the details they have designed what should be a new standard in energy efficiency. At the same time, we also look for opportunities to eliminate inefficient tonnage. Over the last few years, we have disposed of 4 inefficient vessels. And as the market recovers, we expect opportunities will arise to do more. So in summary, while we're frustrated by the hurdles we've had to overcome in recent years, we feel very good about our condition as we emerge from these clouds. We are well-positioned to take advantage of even marginally calmer waters. And we think our profitability initiatives will be highly impactful to both revenues and expenses. With that, it's a pleasure to turn this back to Jason, who will give some more color on our results. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Richard. On the second slide, we have summarized our results from the second quarter. We generated net income of $0.11 per share, which was within the guidance range we provided on our April call, despite incurring $0.12 per share in unanticipated charges from the Grandeur of the Seas fire and a correction for the liability for reward redemptions related to our Affinity credit card. I will discuss both of these items in more detail in a moment, but at a high-level better-than-expected onboard spending and the early benefits from our profitability initiative helped to offset a significant portion of these unexpected charges. EPS adjusted for these 2 items was $0.23 per share. As you know, over the Memorial Day weekend, we experienced a fire in an industrial area on the Grandeur of the Seas resulting in the cancellation of sailing [ph], 4 of which were in the second quarter. As we previously disclosed, the impact is expected to be $0.10 per share, of which $0.05 is included in our second quarter results. We also took an unexpected charge related to the redemption rate of rewards earned on our Affinity credit card, which decreased Q2 net income by $0.07 per share. Like many organizations, we offer an Affinity credit card that allows the cardholders to earn points for every dollar spent, which can be redeemed through rewards such as bottles of wine, spa treatments, onboard credits and cruises, among other items. Until those points are redeemed, we recognize the liability based on the estimated redemption rate. There was an error in the way we estimated the forecast redemptions, and this resulted in a onetime cumulative charge, which reduced our quarter's yield by about 1 percentage point. Net revenue yield increased 2.8% on a constant-currency basis for the quarter with 3.9% excluding the impact from the credit card adjustment. Figure revenues came in as expected, but onboard spending was much stronger. Onboard revenues increased 8.2% for APCD in the quarter and generated about $0.04 per share favorability to our April's expectation. Overall, we are generally seeing better spending behaviors out of the North American guests, but we were also enjoying very favorable results from our revitalization project. Gaming, beverage, specialty restaurants and shore excursions all outperformed. Net cruise costs excluding fuel increased 2.3% on a constant-currency basis, about 1/3 of which were one-off costs related to the Grandeur fire. Absent the fire, net cruise costs excluding fuel were up 1.5 percentage points, which was much better than previously expected. As Richard mentioned, we have launched a series of profitability initiatives. And we were able to realize some of those cost benefits in the second quarter, which improved our earnings by $0.05 per share. These benefits are broad in scope and are not intended to compromise the guest experience or marketing efforts. Fuel and currency, while volatile over the quarter, were on average in line with expectation and did not have a significant influence on the quarter's results. Overall, it was a solid quarter from both a revenue and cost perspective. I will now ask Brian to provide some color on what we are seeing from a demand standpoint. Once he is done, I will update you on our earnings expectations for Q3 for the remainder of the year. Brian?
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Jason. As you saw in our press release, overall business trends are generally in line with our prior expectations. The midpoint of our net yield guidance is down about 50 basis points for the year. But on a $7 billion revenue base, this represents about $30 million. So these changes really are on the margin. About half of the reduction relates to the Affinity card liability adjustment that Jason spoke about. Excluding this adjustment, we actually outperformed our forecast in the first half of the year. For the second half of the year, we have lowered our revenue forecast by just under 1 percentage point due to lower expectations in China and some impact from the pricing environment in the Caribbean. In aggregate, our booked load factors and pricing are both up slightly for the full year. Since our last call, bookings have been slightly higher than last year after adjusting for capacity. Europe is developing about as we anticipated. And we are expecting net yield increases in the mid-single-digits for the year. Our Pullmantur brand is one exception here. And as Richard noticed, the brand will be putting much more emphasis on developing its business in Latin America. We have seen stronger year-over-year demand out of North America for European sailings, and have increased our sourcing accordingly. You may recall that we reduced our European capacity by 10% this year. We believe this decision has served us well and enabled us to maintain pricing integrity. The territorial island dispute between China and Japan has forced us to drop Japanese ports of call from our itineraries. And in total, we have had to modify 30 sailings. These modifications have resulted in some churn in our book of business, as well as some volatility in the booking behaviors in the region. It is important to keep in mind that this is a relatively small part of our overall business. China is about 3% of our deployment for the year. But as I mentioned before, all of these guidance changes we're identifying really are on the margin. The Caribbean, which represents about 1/4 of our deployment in Q3 and almost half in Q4 is holding up pretty well. We are aware there have been -- there's been a lot of focus in the investment community on the overall health of the Caribbean in light of some of the competitive pressures. We would be naïve to say that this has not affected us to some degree. But at the macro level, consumers seem to be recognizing the value of our brands. And our pricing in the region continues to show improvement for the year. Asia is the only product in our portfolio that we are forecasting to have lower yields for the year. And while all of our other products look good, the largest yield improvements are coming from Europe, South America and some of our Caribbean itineraries. Finally, while it is very early in the booking cycle, we are encouraged with the early patterns for the first quarter of 2014. Book load factors are up nicely with slightly higher per diems. Jason?
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Brian. I will now walk you through the outlook for the year, which takes into consideration the business environment update you just heard. If you look at Slide 3, we have provided an EPS roll forward from our April guidance to today. As you can see, from a business perspective, we are about in line with our expectations from April. The Affinity card liability adjustment and reduced expectations in the Caribbean and China have been offset by stronger-than-anticipated onboard spending and cost program. A significant driver of the change in our earnings range was clearly the strength of the U.S. dollar especially versus the Australian dollar and Brazilian real. Typically changes in exchange rates and fuel prices have provided an offsetting relationship, but the recent tension near the Suez Canal has recently disrupted this relationship. If you will turn to Slide 4, you will see our updated guidance for the full year. Net yields are expected to increase 2% to 3% on a constant-currency basis, which is a 50 basis point reduction since our April guidance and less than 1 percentage point lower than our previously implied guidance for the second half of the year. As Brian mentioned, while there are puts and takes on a business perspective, the key drivers of the change relate to the ongoing territorial dispute between China and Japan, pricing actions that have modestly weakened our Caribbean business, which I'm sure you have seen in your pricing surveys, and the impact relating to our Affinity card. While the territorial dispute between China and Japan has impacted our performance, the China market continues to be profitable. On a cost perspective, we expect our net cruise x fuel to be up 1% to 2% on a constant-currency basis, which is 100 basis points better than the midpoint of our previous guidance and approximately 170 basis points lower than our previously implied guidance for the second half of the year. We have included $923 million of fuel expense for the year, a reduction of $5 million versus our April calculation. Fuel expense is roughly in line with April as we've been able to offset the increase and at the pump prices by further reducing our consumption estimate by 17,000 metric tons for the year. Our earnings per share are expected to be between $2.20 and $2.30 for the year. As previously mentioned, we are in the early stages of a very broad profitability program, aimed at improving the company's margins and return on invested capital. We expect that we will need to incur some onetime costs in 2013 as these programs are implemented. These onetime costs are not known at this time, but we will provide clarity in future reporting. On Slide 5, we have recapped our guidance for the third quarter. Net yields are expected to be up 1% to 2% on a constant-currency basis, driven mainly by improvement in onboard revenue. Ticket yields are expected to be flat for the quarter, but up 1.5% if you adjusted for the affected China sailing. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to increase approximately 4% on a constant-currency base. The main drivers of this year-over-year increase relate to the concentration of the previously announced marketing activities and planned enhancements for the culinary experience. for the full year, our fuel hedge position is pretty consistent with last quarter at 60% hedged for the balance of 2013, and 55%, 39%, 20% and 5% hedged for 2014, '15, '16, '17, respectively. We have and continue to be quite active from a treasury standpoint. The second quarter, we retired a $550 million bond and paid down $275 million in ship debt. We have recently launched several new financing actions. Then the combination of our current liquidity of $1.5 billion and future cash flows will be used to manage our upcoming maturity. Current estimates indicate that we will reduce our year end net debt balance by about $270 million versus prior year, which in combination with improved operating cash flows will help improve our credit measures as we continue to strive for investment grade metrics. I would now ask Adam and Michael to provide you an update on the Royal Carribean International and Celebrity cruises, respectively. Adam?
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Jason. As you have heard from my colleagues on balance, our corporate business outlook for the year is relatively unchanged. It is unfortunate that the territorial dispute between China and Japan has not yet reached an amicable resolution. And as a result, we are still running modified Chinese cruises for the season that do not include port calls in Japan as intended. While demand in the region is still reasonable, and we are reaching our desired occupancy levels, we have reduced our ticket revenue expectations for the remainder of the summer season. On the other hand, the modifications we have made to our China ships, especially those that improved the retail stores, have driven strong onboard revenue performance throughout the season to-date. Jason noted strong onboard revenue performance for the fleet in general in the second quarter across the primary onboard revenue streams. This has been a major initiative for our brands over the last year or 2. And it is gratifying to see it pay off. Some of this improvement, which Michael will elaborate on in a moment, emanates from our revitalization initiatives including pervasive Wi-Fi and significantly increased bandwidth. Some of it is from introducing products and services such as a wider array of beverage packages, the reintroduction of art auction and taking the wedding program in-house. Finally, the onboard teams have heightened their focus on seizing opportunities to drive onboard revenue even as we have reached multi-year highs and get satisfaction. Quantum of the Seas will enter the fleet just over 15 months from now. We are very pleased with her initial bookings since we opened for sale at the end of May. Quantum has already reached the projected load factor for her 2014, '15 winter season that we have set as a target for the end of this year. And the demand for her suite and new stateroom types, such as the studios, are particularly encouraging. Grandeur of the Seas made a successful return to service on July 12 and resumed her sailings to Bermuda and the Bahamas from Baltimore. I would like to thank our employees for their outstanding efforts in every aspect of responding to and recovering from a challenging situation. This month marks an important milestone as Royal Caribbean International welcomes our 50 millionth guest onboard our ships. For over 40 years, the men and women on our ships have delivered the WOW while providing incredible cruise vacations around the world for our guests. The WOW moments found only on our Caribbean inspire our guests to return to sail with us again and again. In fact, Royal Caribbean ranks second only to Disney in a leading customer satisfaction survey recently released. This and other recent accolades across the globe, including awards from Travel and Leisure magazine, Travel Weekly magazine and World Travel Awards among others, there's testament to the exceptional guest experience as we provide to our new and loyal guests. The 50 million milestone kicks off a year-long celebration recognizing our guests, travel agency partners, employees and crew, giving them the opportunity to share all their WOW moments with Royal Caribbean to friends and family around the world. And with that, I will turn it over to Michael for his thoughts on the Celebrity brand, and also an update on our corporate revitalization initiative. Michael?
Michael W. Bayley: Thank you, Adam, and good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased to be on the call with you today. Next month will mark my 1 year as the President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises. The timing of this call is good because this is the time that our new strategy for improving Celebrity Cruises' profitability is beginning to show its impact. I spent the first part of my year evaluating the brand, its positioning and the opportunity for improvement. We've developed a new profitability program plan, which we have been executing for most of this year, and which seems to be working. But the core of this strategy is firming up a strong brand essence around our premium, modern luxury positioning. And targeting the right affluent consumer through more targeted marketing and greater utilization of data, analytics and segmentation, we have focused our efforts on attracting guests that will more highly value the Celebrity Cruises' proposition, thereby meaningfully increasing our pricing. Over the past several months, we have significantly increased our sales and marketing activity in key North American markets with a focus on our target customer. This has proven to be successful. Of course, raising pricing is a key part of the equation. Another fundamental we are acutely focused on is managing our cost. And I feel as though we are making very good progress in this area. Our focus is on very strong cost management along with our strategy of improving ticket yield, resulting in superior financial performance for the Celebrity Cruises brand. Our ability to deliver also takes advantage of our outstanding hard work, our positioning and the delivery of exceptional customer experience. I'm very pleased that over the past 12 months, Celebrity Cruises has been the recipient of multiple awards. One example we are particularly proud of is our recent travel and leisure world's best award, which recognized Celebrity Cruises as the #1 mega ship cruise line. We think this demonstrates the strength of our brand. It's been a busy year, and I feel we are moving quickly. And while we are in the early stages of our strategy execution, I'm very pleased to report that the brand's financial performance is shaping up strongly. Despite all of the challenges we are faced this year, we are on track to deliver in 2013 the best results in the brand's history. One critical component of profitability improvement relevant to all of our brands is the revitalization of our older vessels. We've been pretty vocal about these assets in the past. And I thought I would provide you with some more color as to just how meaningful these projects have been. As a corporation, we launched the program in 2010. And we have now revitalized 19 ships, 5 at Celebrity Cruises, 12 at sister brand, Royal Carribean International, and 2 at Azamara Club Cruises, leaving just 6 vessels to be revitalized. So far, we have added 500 state rooms, 400 balconies, over 43 additional dining options, many of which are revenue-generating. We've added multiple entertainment venues and experiences throughout each of our ships. We've added retail spaces, upgraded retail spaces, particularly for our Asian vessels. And new retail product lines have been added. Spa areas have been refreshed, revenue-generating pervasive Wi-Fi has been installed throughout the fleet and we've invested in new slot machine technology and redesigned and expanded the casino footprint, specifically on the Asian products. These efforts allow our brands to retain the freshness and innovation which has resulted in higher onward revenues, and of course, higher guest satisfaction, making our brands more attractive to sell and easier to purchase. We are very focused as a corporation on being paid more for the outstanding brands and products we are offering. With that, I will turn the call back to Jason.
Jason Liberty: Thank you, Michael. With that, I will ask Shaira to open up the call for a question-and-answer session. Shaira?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Encouraging to see that the Caribbean and Europe are -- seem to be pretty healthy. And my question is just as we look to the back half of the year maybe just looking at the last few weeks as a guide here, has the level of industry discounting and promotions, has that accelerated or has that been pretty consistent?
Adam M. Goldstein: Greg, it's Adam. I would say it's been overall pretty consistent. I mean, clearly throughout recent months, there have been a lot of promotional -- there has been a lot of promotional activity. We've discussed in the past that -- and basically expect to see promotional activity throughout the revenue cycles. And I would not say that anything has dramatically accelerated in the last few weeks.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Good. And then just a follow-up question just on Europe, if I could. Pricing up mid-single-digit, that's pretty solid. What's the primary driver there? Is it the capacity reduction or you're actually seeing some increases in demand and maybe just the consumer was waiting to closer to the sailing date to book their cruise in Europe. And obviously, you have the North American component, sourcing component as well. Can you tell us like kind of what's maybe the biggest driver of that?
Adam M. Goldstein: Okay. Well, to sort of take your questions in reverse there, we understand the European booking behaviors. And as with pretty much every area of the world, people tend to book closer to the cruise if the cruise is nearer to where they live. So it isn't unusual this year that Europeans would be booking their Q3 cruises, for example, closer to the time than North Americans, for whom that booking decision will be a very significant decision that they would take further out. So I wouldn't say that, that is any kind of new driver of what's transpiring in Europe this summer. The 10% capacity decrease that we as a company have in Europe, I'm sure has had something to do because -- with this -- because for example, in the Southern European countries where their decrease was -- and capacity was even more pronounced, we've been able to handle the challenges of the marketplace better than we probably would have otherwise been able to do if we had our previous capacity there. So there's definitely an interrelationship between how we've managed our capacity down and our ability to generate positive yield for this year. And we look forward to in the future. Hopefully, Europe will progress back towards where it was a few years back.
Brian J. Rice: Greg, I would just add that the largest capacity decreases were in the Mediterranean. And that's where we're seeing the largest increases in the yields, both in the West and the Eastern Med. And I think, given the current situation, we are happy that we reduced that capacity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: To clarify, the $0.07 of charge here for the Affinity liability, the calculation error, can you just sort of address how many quarters prior does that cover? I guess, that $0.07 in theory was like yield over stated in previous quarter. So just trying to think about what quarters that might have been. And then in Richard's opening comments, he mentioned that competitive pricing has gotten more intense in the last few weeks. And I assume that's primarily Caribbean. Just thinking about whether your guidance is sort of looking at what's on your books today. And you talked about that being up versus -- does that include the impact of what business competitiveinclude the impact of what business competitive pressure that's gotten more intense in the last few weeks if that continues? Or is it just kind of where -- a snapshot of where you are today on the books?
Jason Liberty: Robin, it's Jason. As it relates to the Affinity card, it is accumulative catch-up. So it does relate to the past several years. And that's how it inched up on...
Richard D. Fain: And with respect to the competitive pressures, one of the comments we've made in the past is, this is a very complex business and we have swings and roundabouts in the areas all over the place. We -- no market is ever consistent over time. And you get rises and falls in periods of time. I think we have been actually remarkably accurate over time in terms of predicting what the numbers will be. But I also think that there's sometimes an overestimate of just how accurate one can be. I did mention that we have had more competitiveness in the last few weeks and -- But as Adam said, there's nothing particularly unusual about that. I think we would put that into the category in the normal swings and roundabouts. But with respect to your specific question as to whether our forward guidance is based on exactly what we're seeing now as opposed to just of the static of what our -- what's on the books today, our revenue management process is a very dynamic one. And we take into account every scrap of information we have from everywhere. And when we make our predictions for this, and an it's really intense effort that a lot of people are involved in, we take into account all the latest information that we can get from all the sources. So that would definitely include our commentary on the competitive activities. I think what you have to say is you're focusing a little bit on the negative side of what I said. And actually, there are negative things taking place in some of our markets. But the interesting thing is that overall, from a business point of view, we're actually seeing that this year has been and will be better than we thought in January or in January when we announced our earnings, in April when we give guidance and then most recently, at the end of May when we gave guidance. So I think we're trying to take into account all the factors when we give this guidance, not the static situation.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And just to clarify that -- I can appreciate how in the guidance there a lot of moving parts. So I guess I just wanted to get a sense of whether that comment about the competitive pricing getting more intense in the last few weeks, is that limited to the Caribbean?
Richard D. Fain: I'll have to go back and check exactly what I said. But I think I was particularly focusing on that because we had noticed that in particular. And quite frankly, we've seen in a lot of your reports from calling around that you've seen some of that. And I think what we were trying to do was put that in the perspective of the total market. And yes, that has been more competitive in the last few weeks. And, well, the markets have reacted differently. And as you say, it's always a balance of some things going better and some things going worse. And we try and predict the best we can based on all of those factors.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Carter with Deutsche Bank.
Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions from me. Can I just explore with you just the opportunity in Europe in terms of the yield environment going forward? Can you just remind me how much are yields down since '08 in Europe? And then could you also tell me, in terms of the mid-single digit increases you're seeing, how much of that is driven by onboard spend? And I think you made the point in this quarter, obviously the improving U.S. economy has helped onboard spend in your North American business. So I just want to get a flavor for obviously we're seeing -- starting to see a bit of improvement in the European economies. And could you give me some sort of gauge in terms of what you think the opportunity there is on the onboard spend outlook going forward? And then just on the cost reductions, we obviously took our costs up back in Q1 on technology investment and marketing investment. So can you just give an update on in terms of where we are there? And is it possible to give us some sort of guidance on how much exceptional costs you're going to take here to take care of this level of cost?
Adam M. Goldstein: Richard, it's Adam. I just wanted to start with your question with respect to shipboard revenue. There's nothing particularly notable going on with shipboard revenue as it relates to our European cruises. The improvement that we've seen is ticket price improvement.
Brian J. Rice: Richard, it's Brian. The mid-single digits that I alluded to was on a ticket perspective. The commentary I did was strictly around ticket. To answer your question about where we are in Europe versus '08, we are high-single digits off where we were in '08.
Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: High-single digits?
Brian J. Rice: Yes.
Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So would you -- if we saw an improving European economy? And actually would you expect that to be the catalyst on the onboard spend side in Europe?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, Richard, other things being equal, higher ticket revenues are probably a positive for higher onboard revenues, but we will never know onboard revenues until the sailings happen. We really only talk about onboard revenues looking backwards because we're not able to book them forward.
Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sure. And on the cost side?
Jason Liberty: On the cost side, Richard, this is Jason. On these profitability initiatives, we really are in the early stages of our operating planning process. So to come out with any specific impact as it relates to those costs would really be premature.
Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Has there been any change then in terms of the guidance you talked about a couple of quarters ago in terms of the marketing and the sort of technology? Is that going to be lower than what you were thinking about then?
Jason Liberty: No. On the marketing and technology side, I think our guidance there is still very consistent. I think where the cost savings are coming from are really kind of broad-based. But like I said in my earlier discussion that it's really -- it's meant [ph] not touch marketing efforts, technology or the guest experience in terms of where the cost savings were coming through the year. It's more addressing the overall global footprint of the organization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski from Stifel.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So Richard, your 2014 early outlook for loads and pricing, that all sounds pretty positive. Can you maybe just break down what you're seeing in terms of markets? Is that pretty much across the board? And I understand Europe, your visibility there is probably pretty low at this point, but any color there would be very helpful.
Brian J. Rice: Steve, it's Brian. As you said, it's extremely early in the process. I will tell you, we're feeling pretty good about the first quarter. We have very strong load factors. Our pricing is up slightly. As we look out beyond Q2, the numbers are really too small to extrapolate. But I will say that in all our quarters in 2014, our load factors and APDs are running ahead of where they were a year ago. But again, it's way too early to extrapolate from that, particularly Europe.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then, I guess, for Adam, I know you've spent the past, I guess, day or 2 up on Capitol Hill. Can you just give some -- your kind of high-level thoughts in terms of walking away from those hearings? And I know the concern out there again is that the government could potentially go after you guys from a tax perspective. And maybe just some thoughts around that as well would be helpful.
Adam M. Goldstein: Steve, yes, I meant to say before that if by any chance I address any of you as senator, I apologize for that. Well, clearly, we had a very interesting dialogue yesterday. The overwhelming majority of that dialogue was around consumer protection, the decision of the major cruise lines to begin voluntarily reporting of all allegations of crime wherever they may occur in the world on our ships beginning August 1. And that's what almost -- actually, that is what all of the questions were about that were asked of us. I think your note comes from the fact that at the very end, in fact, in Senator Rockefeller's closing remark, he mentioned that he would be producing or proposing a piece of legislation that would address what he terms something like the closing of a tax loophole that our industry enjoys. Obviously, we will take any proposed legislation that he comes forward with very seriously. We've been very, very transparent for many years about our tax postures since -- at least since we went public over 20 years ago. What Senator Rockefeller is apparently referring to as a loophole is something that's been fairly entrenched in U.S. tax law going back many decades, it's been carefully reviewed by Congress with very small changes made as recently as 2003. The U.S. is already anomalous, in taxing shipping [ph] income more heavily than in virtually every other developed country of the world. Our ships spend less than 10% of their time in U.S. waters. And the political environment makes any legislation difficult to achieve as we can all see every single day. So as I say, we'll take it very seriously. But I would say it's extraordinary preliminary at this point to even understand what he has in mind. So we'll see.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: I have one question, maybe Richard, you can help address this first. You mentioned in your comments to Robin Farley that the fiscal 2013 outlook is better now than you anticipated in January or in April. But we do have China coming down. And it seems that in addition to the Caribbean discounting, which was quite significant over the past 12 weeks, we're seeing some pretty important price declines in Alaska. So is that reference then more to pricing in Europe? Is that how we should interpret that?
Richard D. Fain: Assia, it is a complex mosaic of markets that we operate in. And you're right, the China situation is impactful to us. It hurts not to be able to operate the way we had hoped to. But even with that knockdown, I have to point out that it's one of our highest per diem markets. And so -- but in terms of how it's changing our expectations, you've seen positives and negatives. And I'm not sure I would say Europe is actually -- didn't expect that much from Europe. It's performed reasonably well. South America is performing well. So I'm not sure it's any one thing. The total hasn't changed that much. And while China was a big hit, it's still a relatively small part of our total. So now balancing all of those things together, I'm not sure I would identify one thing as dramatically out of line versus the other. Brian, you want to give some color on that?
Brian J. Rice: Sure. Assia, we tried to be very transparent in our commentary. I said less than 1 percentage point in the back half the year. We actually lowered our ticket revenue by 90 basis points in the second half of the year. And that's a combination predominantly of China and a little bit of softness in the Caribbean. And again, I just want to emphasize, we're talking about 90 basis points. And Robin asked the question about how we do the forecast and Richard talked about a lot of the discussions and the analysis that goes into this. In some cases, where we have a better feel for a market, we will lean on more current pricing. And we'll also look at the trend analysis. And frankly, I think we anticipated that Alaska had a terrific beginning of the year. And it was unlikely to continue at that trajectory. So we projected out a little bit and handicapped that a little bit more when we gave you our April guidance. So there's a lot of work that goes into this. And I want to emphasize, we're really talking about rounding errors in terms of the sort of the change that we made. And I think the important thing is, while we took the second half revenues down 90 basis points, we've been able to more than offset that with cost savings.
Richard D. Fain: I do think maybe it's -- maybe we shouldn't do this so much, but we try and point out where is where we think we've been quite a bit off. And as you pointed out, Assia, in China, that was a single big hit. But we've also got a lot of successes in other areas. And so the net result of all that is that we're actually -- the markets have, in total, have been stronger than our guidance. I think the other thing that's probably reflected in our thought process is while we're ending up slightly better than we thought, we really hoped to do a lot better than we thought. And so it's -- and from that perspective, we here are still disappointed in the outcome even if it's marginally better than the guidance because we really felt that this was a year in which we should have -- we had much more upside potential than downside.
Assia Georgieva: This was great color. And my second question refers to the onboard forecast, which seems to be driving the Q3 yield guidances. And Brian, you gave me a great segue into this. So including China, you expect flat ticket and the 1% to 2% yield to come from onboard. But as we know, and as Adam just pointed out, we never know what onboard would do until the cruise is over. So is there more risk to the 1% to 2% yield guidance for Q3 than you've previously had in your guidance?
Jason Liberty: Assia, this is Jason. I think the guidance that we gave on Q3 does reflect our feelings around risk on whether it's on ticket or onboard. And I think that we -- the programs that we've implemented on the onboard perspective are not aspirational. A lot of it is structural in nature, whether it's new venues we've added onto the vessels or new contracts that we might have with our concessionaires and packages that we're offering. So it's not something that's aspirational in nature. It's actually -- there's pretty strong foundation for the improvement.
Assia Georgieva: So your confidence level is similar to what it has been in the past?
Jason Liberty: Yes.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. And Jason, can I ask you one technicality? In the reconciliation table between April guidance and today's guidance, there's a line item that's called net savings. Is that cost savings in the back half of the year less the yield reduction? Should I interpret that, that way?
Jason Liberty: That's right. It's basically all cost-saving efforts that we've put forward versus the revenue decline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I know you guys talked a little bit about what you thought debt levels would come down, how much they would come down at the end of the year. But you have a fair amount of debt coming due over the next 2 following years. Can you talk about how you're thinking about either refinancing or paying down some portion of that to kind of expedite getting back to that investment grade rating?
Jason Liberty: Sure. It's Jason again here. We are very active in multiple refinancing activities to address our upcoming maturities. And yesterday, we launched 2 facilities in the bank market. I mean, and there'll most likely be some additional activity there. So I think we're quite comfortable that in the short term, we will basically be resolving our upcoming maturities. And clearly, as we go through the forward-looking period, taking free cash flow to pay down debt will certainly be one of the alternatives that we evaluate.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you will partially refinance part of it and partially pay down part of it, it sounds like?
Jason Liberty: That'd be right.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I know you guys have talked a lot about China and Japan. And I think out of a lot of other companies, we've been hearing about some weakness in Australia. I know it's a pretty small market for you, but can you talk about anything that you've seen there, maybe in whether you're seeing some weakness in pricing there?
Adam M. Goldstein: Jaime, it's Adam. I think don't think of so much that we're seeing weakness. I believe we've mentioned in the previous quarters that as Australia has grown, and it's important in the industry, there's been fairly substantial industry-wide capacity increases there. We have put more ships there. And naturally, that has had some downward pressure on yields. But I would say the market this year has developed roughly in accordance with our expectations for how it would go. Australia is a very attractive southern summer market for us. We have a strong presence there with both for our Caribbean and Celebrity. We did expect pressure on yields this year from the capacity increases. And we're looking forward to be playing a prominent role on that market going forward in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple here, little more color on the Caribbean. Can you say is that more tilted to the weakness that you've seen and the increase to competitive pressure here of late? Is that more in the close-in bookings? Are we looking out just over the curve, number one? And then in relation to that, how is your current booking curve on a company-wide global basis? And then secondly, regarding the capacity growth, looking more importantly to '15 and '16, yourselves and others in the industry have talked about keeping that at 3% to 5%. You mentioned in your press release, you've mentioned before that '12 to '16, it's 4% on average. But obviously, '15 and '16, it's around 7%. So should we anticipate that either we'll see some sales of ships and bring that net number down? Or that, again, you haven't announced anything, but beyond '16, it'll come back down to bring that more in that trend line of the 3% to 5%?
Brian J. Rice: Tim, I'll take the first part of the question. Our booking window has been expanding, I think, pretty universally. I think, I just like the preference. I do think too much gets read into the booking window. But it is moving in a positive direction by most people's perceptions. And again, that's pretty much across the board. I think the Caribbean pricing pressure is, yes, I just -- I want to emphasize. I think way too much is being read into the fact that we've called out the Caribbean. We know that there's been a lot of discussion about this. Ian has been getting a lot of calls about what are we seeing in the Caribbean. So we wanted to specifically address it. We are seeing changes on the margin. And I think we will continue. As Adam alluded to, this is just part of the booking cycle. There are ups and downs and puts and takes that constantly occur. So I don't think when we've called this out, we're talking about anything structural in the Caribbean.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So is it -- again, Brian, is it more skewed close in or a little bit further out? Is it -- with that topping off close in or again looking out?
Brian J. Rice: Frankly, I think it's probably more centered around the fall, which is something we would normally see this time of year. The fourth quarter is traditionally the harder period to try to sell inventory because the kids are going back to school. But it's something you expect every year. It's a dynamic that occurs. And we're not -- we constantly monitor this, and we see new promotions everyday. But again, it's nothing out of the ordinary. And it's nothing structural. I'll ask Adam or Richard to take the second part.
Richard D. Fain: Yes. With respect to the second part of your question, I think it's an interesting dynamic in our business that when you do take delivery of a new ship, it's not -- it's all at once. Many industries, when you have growth, it's a thousand little pieces. And in our case, it's a very binary type of move. And so I think that does make the individual years look different. Our view is we should look at this over a period of time on a strategic basis. And our objective was to have more moderated growth going forward. And while I -- frankly, it would be nice to be able to have each year be the exact same number. That just isn't the way any opportunities come up, and it isn't the way it happens with big chunks of new ships coming. With respect to older capacity and potential dispositions, it's somewhat the same thing there. It's even more opportunistic. I think the direction we're going in, and you've seen we've been successful. Even in a very difficult market, this has been an extraordinarily difficult market in the secondhand market. And yet we've had some success there. And I think, again, that will be, because that market tends to be opportunistic, that will also be more binary and a little less predictable as to when the things happen. So we tend to look at these things strategically over a number of years. And I think that's the way we will continue to look at it.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Richard, so, yes, given the lumpiness of how the deliveries happen then, so it's still the broad intent, is you're saying -- is what you're saying, it's still the broad intent of the company? After you get past that, that things would average out in that 3% to 5% long-term goal?
Richard D. Fain: Yes. We haven't -- what we said is low to mid-single digits and we -- yes, I think lumpiness is a good way to put it there. That will tend to happen in our business. Also, we're conscious of the fact that there's a big difference from a marketing point of view of whether you get a ship frankly in time to enjoy the spring and summer seasonal markets or whether you get it later in the year without that benefit. But yes, I think over time, we want a more moderate growth. And that probably means that this thing -- that to -- sorry, low to mid-single digit.
Jason Liberty: Shaira, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I want to take a stab at a question from a different angle. When you discuss net yields next year, I know it's early, but you did put it out there in the release when you mentioned that your objective is to generate net yield improvement. Just wondering, as you contemplated that comment, are you thinking about or are you assuming that the discounting we're seeing in the Caribbean could continue and the China, Japan conflicts could continue?
Brian J. Rice: Felicia, we're basing that -- well, first, I do want to point out in my commentary, I did say despite the current pressures in the Caribbean, we are seeing year-over-year pricing improvement. And I think it's important to recognize that. In talking about 2014, again, I want to emphasize, it is still extremely early in the process. But based on the current order book that we're seeing in all quarters and the current booking trends that we're taking in for 2014 business, and as I think Richard alluded to, right now, we're taking the lion's share of our business coming in as -- for 2014. We're feeling good about making a statement and putting it out there that it should be a year-for-yield improvement. But we've not gotten any more specific than that.
Richard D. Fain: Felicia, I will just address at least from a personal point of view that one of the items that you mentioned, which is the China-Japan situation. And that is unpredictable, of course. And we have no greater insight than anybody else. But if you look what is happening regionally in the area, I don't think one would read into that a lot of reasons of thinking that, that is going to suddenly resolve itself between now and then. So I think we're trying to be quite realistic about that. And I frankly think that's something we will have to deal with for a while. And at least in my own thinking, that's behind it. And yet, overall, when we're looking forward, we're feeling awfully good about the year.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That makes sense. And then Richard, while we have you, can you just clarify when you said that the year is better than you thought. I'm just a little confused because your yield guidance has essentially gone down since the high end has come down, right? And I know it's only inventory on [indiscernible]. But it's come down. So that seems to me that at the beginning of the year, you thought you'd be more towards the low end of your guidance range. Is that what you're trying to say?
Richard D. Fain: No. Well, I guess what I was simply pointing out, if you look at where we said we would be for the year, the only change that we're sort of highlighting is the foreign exchange and the Grandeur. And if you then say -- we started the year not expecting the negative kind of publicity that we all, as an industry, received. In any other environment, you would look at that and say, "Oh, well, it's been a bad year from a publicity point of view." That clearly has been driving yields down. And in fact, it has had a more negative impact on our sales than we originally expected it would. And so since we're ending the year from a business point of view, essentially on balance than where we originally said, that implies that other things in the market have actually performed better. And so that's what I was referring to. It's not the totality. But it's -- we effectively got to the same position in terms of profitability from the business despite an unexpected hit from that source.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. You're focused on profitability and I was thinking about yields. That's the difference. Okay. And then, Adam, just final question. I was just wondering, you've started booking the Quantum. It's been booking for a while right now. Just wondering, not looking for specific numbers, but maybe directionally, what kind of premiums you're seeing there? And has there been any impact on the Oasis and the Allure?
Adam M. Goldstein: There hasn't been any effect on Oasis or Allure, nor would we expect any with Quantum being operating out of a New York base. We're really looking to improve our presence in the northeast catchment market. Not that there's anything wrong with Explorer of the Seas, but we're incredibly excited about what Quantum of the Seas will bring to cruising in that area and to our brand. It's too early to comment anything about Quantum yield from a share booking standpoint. The initial reaction to her adjusted for capacity was even more exciting than the initial reaction to Oasis. Now that might have been because of the time we released Oasis, the market couldn't quite comprehend what it was all about. And because of the fantastic success of the Oasis class ships, it's built up people's enthusiasm for what we might do next to even higher levels. And I think when we revealed the features of Quantum of the Seas in April, the market felt that its expectations of us were more than justified. And they can't wait to be on board. So I can really only comment on the early booking numbers. Right now, it's very promising. And with 3 of these wonderful ships coming to us over the next few years, we expect them to be a very powerful element of our fleet.
Jason Liberty: Thank you for your assistance today, Shaira. And we thank all of you for your participation and interest in the company. Ian will be available for any follow-ups you might have. And with that, I wish you all a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your time and participation in today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian J. Rice - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Richard D. Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Adam M. Goldstein - Chief Executive Officer of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International Jason Liberty - Senior Vice President of Strategy and Finance
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Assia Georgieva Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Pasha, and I will be a conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Rice, you may begin your conference.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Pasha, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Jason Liberty, our Senior Vice President of Strategy and Finance; and Ian Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which we have posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined, and the reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin with his comments. I will follow with a brief recap of our results and give an update on the booking environment in our forward guidance. Adam will talk more about our brands, and then we'll open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thank you, Brian, and thank all of you for joining us today. As you can see from our release this morning, we've had a very gratifying first quarter. It's particularly encouraging that so much of the upside came from better revenue, both ticket and on board. Looking into the remainder of the year, and to the obvious questions, yes, the recent negative industry media coverage has been frustrating. And yes, it's probably impacted us a bit. But no, it's not been a game changer for our brands. And no, it can't be compared to other challenges the industry has faced in recent years. One possible reason is the very strong support we have received from the travel agency community. They have been effective in communicating the industry's high safety standards, especially to inexperienced potential cruisers, who are apparently the most influenced. Similarly, I can say that this time, the bad economic news from Europe has not overcome our positive momentum. As a result, despite the headlines and despite the European angst, we have been able to reaffirm our full '13 -- 2013 guidance for both yields and earnings per share. For a while now, we've been talking about the stabilizing platform, the relevant growth, global diversification and flexible sourcing provide. I think both our first quarter results and our outlook validate that this is working to a high degree. We are, of course, seeing gives and takes, as you do in any of the dynamic system, a little stronger Europe, a little weaker Asia, et cetera. But overall, our business is balanced globally, and I'm looking forward to achieving higher prices broadly across our products and source markets. One area where, I have to admit, I'm not as balanced, in fact, where I'm closer to being euphoric, relates to the recent reveals about Quantum of the Seas. I don't want to steal too much of Adam's thunder, but Quantum is an important new class of vessels for Royal Caribbean International. Last week, we had an extraordinarily successful unveiling of some of the ship's features to the press and to our travel partners. I expected that people would be wowed if they got to see it in person. What I hadn't even hoped for was the overwhelmingly enthusiastic reaction, not only from the media, but from our travel agent partners as well. I would encourage you to log on to royalcaribbean.com and watch our Quantum of the Seas web reveal. I think you'll find it 8, short, well-spent minutes that demonstrate that innovation and exciting returns can coexist harmoniously. Not only will the vessel be unique and innovative, but also be more fuel-efficient. So combined with her compelling scale and rich balcony mix, we expect that Quantum of the Seas will quickly take her place in generating compelling returns for the company. I'll now turn things back over to Brian for a more detailed look at the numbers, and then Adam will take you through a more -- a little more detail on the regional demand patterns he's observing. Brian?
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Richard. On the second slide, we have summarized our results for the first quarter. We generated net income of $0.35 a share, which was about $0.20 above the midpoint of our guidance. From a business perspective, revenues were about $0.08 a share better than our forecast, but we lost about $0.03 of this is due to foreign exchange. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, were favorable by $0.08, mainly due to timing of marketing expenses. We also saved about $0.02 a share from favorable impact of FX on our expenses. Finally, we were favorable below the line by $0.04, which includes equity pickups from our TUI Cruises joint venture. Net yields improved 3.6% on a constant currency basis. And I think it is worth noting that our first quarter net yields were the highest we have experienced since 2000, the quarter in which we benefited significantly from the Millennium Cruises. Both ticket and onboard revenues showed year-over-year improvement, and both came in better than our forecast. The higher ticket yields were driven by Caribbean, Brazil and Asia itineraries. We saw improvement in all categories for onboard revenue. Ship set had been recently revitalized in vessels sailing on new itineraries did particularly well. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, decreased 50 basis points on a constant currency basis. As I mentioned previously, we had some timing shifts, especially in marketing, as our brands slowed spending when there was so much negative publicity surrounding the industry. We believe marketing spend is key to driving higher revenues and expect to invest these savings throughout the balance of the year. The overall demand environment has been pretty consistent with our overall projections. There have been the usual puts and takes, that Adam will take you through in a few minutes, but as of today, our total booked load factors and booked APDs are higher than at the same time last year. Cumulative bookings since the beginning of the year have been up about 5% over the same period last year. Throughout the WAVE period, booking trends were strong for North America, and European demand really began coming around in early February. We did experience modest slowdown in Caribbean bookings from North America during the month of March. While some of this can be attributed to the timing of Easter in our WOW sales, we believe much of it was due to the negative publicity surrounding our industry around this time. Over the last few weeks though, we have seen an improvement in booking activity and we are still forecasting record yields for the Caribbean. I know there has been a lot of commentary in the financial community recently about industry pricing. Our pricing has been more stable this year than last year, and our brands have done a nice job proactively designing promotions that convey the value we offer while controlling dilution to our revenue. Our average lead pricing is currently about 3% higher than the same time last year for sailings departing within the next 12 months. We are also seeing some positive developments with the booking window. On average, our guests are booking their cruise about 2 weeks earlier this year than they were in 2011 and 2012. In fact, the booking curve has looked strikingly similar to 2008 for the last several months. If you will turn to Slide 3, you will see our updated guidance for the full year. Net yields are expected to increase 2% to 4% on an as-reported basis and constant currency basis. We have lowered our as-reported guidance about 100 basis points due to the stronger U.S. dollar. Our constant-currency yield guidance is consistent with our previous forecast. The negative effects resulting from adverse industry media coverage in March and itinerary changes in Asia, are expected to be offset by favorable performance in the first quarter and a slightly better outlook for European demand. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to increase between 2% and 3% on both in as-reported and constant-currency basis. We have included $928 million of fuel expense for the year. Favorable fuel prices and lower consumption are offsetting the negative effects of the stronger U.S. dollar. Our earnings per share forecast is consistent with our prior guidance and is expected to be between $2.30 and $2.50. On Slide 4, we have recapped our guidance for the second quarter. Net yields are expected to increase approximately 3% on a constant-currency basis and between 2% and 3% on an as-reported basis. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to increase approximately 3% on both the constant-currency and as-reported basis. And we have included $236 million of fuel expense for the quarter. We expect earnings per share to be between $0.10 and $0.15 for the quarter. I should also point out that we have recently put on some more fuel hedges. We are now 57% hedged for the balance of 2013 and 55%, 40%, 20% and 5% hedged for 2014, '15, '16 and '17, respectively. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Adam for his comments. Adam?
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As you have heard, stronger-than-expected ticket revenue, onboard revenue and cost control produced the successful first quarter. Overall, the WAVE period unfolded in accordance with our expectations from a volume and rate standpoint. We have commented in the past about the global footprint of our primary brands and our ability to move capacity over time towards market opportunities and away from market challenges. This diversification implies we will experience some impact from many causes around the world, but not excessive impact from any one particular cause. Although our capacity distribution will continue to evolve with the margins, our sense is that the current distribution of 44% Caribbean, 27% Europe and just under 30% elsewhere is a beneficial distribution for our business model. The second positive aspect of our global footprint is of the ability to draw on worldwide sourcing for many for our products. We will have more Americans cruising with us on itineraries away from North America in 2013 than we had expected. Conversely, we will have more guests from outside North America cruising with us in the Caribbean in 2013 than we had expected. Management is now focusing considerably more than we were just a few years ago on how many customers' different source markets will contribute to each product in our portfolio. Looking at the major cruise regions. The Caribbean got off to a healthy start in the WAVE booking period, ending Q1 performance. As Brian noted, we expect to achieve record yields in the Caribbean in 2013. Turning to Europe, the company reduced its capacity by 10% in 2013, inclusive of a 24% decline for Royal Carribean International. Going into the WAVE, we considered our European summer revenue projections to have more risks attached to them in comparison to other spheres of deployment. Although there is still some somewhat limited visibility for all of our summer deployment, at this juncture, in Europe, we are sufficiently ahead of 2012 on both rate and occupancy, to be comfortable that our European deployment is of comparable risk to our own other programs. Turning to China, a region that represents 5% of our capacity in 2013. The hostility between Japan and China surrounding the disputed islands in the East China sea continues to affect our itineraries and our demand generation. We have now removed the Japanese ports of call from nearly all of 2013's North Asia program. As a result, most itineraries from our China home ports of Shanghai and Tianjin are calling only on ports of call in South Korea. While the market continues to grow in the face of this unfortunate political reality, our revenue yields will not be what they would have been, but for this issue. As I stated last quarter, I certainly hope a reduction of tension emerges in the near future. Australia is also a region that represents 5% of our capacity in 2013. The Australia market has experienced rapid capacity growth that has resulted in flat to slightly lower yields in 2013 versus 2012. Nevertheless, the market remains a very attractive yielding market in comparison to other deployments regions during the northern winter. It is also a market where both Royal Caribbean International and Celebrity Cruises compete well. Last week, as Richard noted, we introduced many of the primary features of Quantum of the Seas at in event in New York Europe, starring the ship's godmother, Kristen Chenoweth. The news that the ship will be based in New York harbor at Cape Liberty in Bayonne, New Jersey was, of course, received very well there. The most notable feature has also made an impact. These include the North Star, which will lift our guests in a jewel-like capsule to a height of 30 feet above the water, for expansive views of the ship, the ocean and the surroundings. Another feature element is RipCord by iFly, in which our guests will experience the thrill of skydiving. Two unprecedented venues inside the ship are Two70°, which will be the heart of the onboard experience during the day as a place to hang out. And in the evening, for state-of-the-art entertainment. And then the SeaPlex, which will take the key elements of our popular sports decks and bring them inside and combine them with activities, including bumper cars, rollerskating, a circus school with a flying trapeze and DJ-hosted parties at night. The public reaction to the launch and the media coverage of it exceeded our expectations, and we are looking forward to opening the winter 2014, '15 sailings for booking at the end of May. It was a very exciting for the Royal Caribbean brand, and I congratulate our marketing and public relations colleagues who made the event so special. Brian?
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Adam. We'd now like to open the call for your questions. We do ask that you limit your questions no more than 2. If you have more, we'd be happy to take them after the call. Pasha?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Brian and/or Adam, you guys talked about the strength of your bookings, your APCDs, your booking curves, all of that, what you're seeing now, which is impressive. I'm just wondering, how much of that is coming from disenfranchised Carnival customers, either rebooking on your ships because their cruises got canceled or they're just leaving the brand in general. And then also, if the strong metrics you discussed, are they better, equal to or worse than what you expected prior to the Triumph incident? And my second question is just on Europe and what's driving the better-expected European source business there?
Adam M. Goldstein: Felicia, it's Adam. One of the notable and consistent characteristics of our industry is that everybody ships go out full, at least in the -- amongst the major brands and the mainstream part of the industry. And as far as I know, that continues to be the case throughout the industry. We have -- there are many factors that go into choosing a Royal Caribbean Cruise. There is obviously, Carnival and other main brands compete with us everyday, but we have a lot of brand loyalty amongst our own customers, and it's really hard to say what any development related to any one other specific competitor cruise line means for our booking. Our sense is generally, we're doing the business that we do with the types of customers that we've had over time. And we would expect that to continue to be the case, as we go forward. As far as Europe goes, I think with everything that we've read in the news, as Richard was alluding to earlier, it has -- it makes all of us nervous. And when there's very limited visibility to an upcoming season in this year, and we felt the same thing last year, we feel like there's a higher degree of risk attached to our outlook. But as we have experienced the WAVE, and Brian noted particularly, in February, we began to see meaningful demand from our European source markets for the European cruises. And at this juncture, as I mentioned, we feel the risk looking forward to the rest of the summer or fall season is comparable to the risk that we have on other programs. Now Europeans taking European cruises are relatively a later booking -- a closer-in booking phenomenon. And so there's still a lot of activity that remains to be seen. But it looks like the main market, and certainly taking into consideration that we've reduced capacity, as we've mentioned, our booking at a pace that has somewhat de-risked our outlook for this coming season.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. But you didn't see anything in particular driving that. It just perhaps maybe you were concerned and maybe should have been less concerned?
Adam M. Goldstein: Yes, I would say our concern, which I hope you would agree is understandable given the world that we're living in, made us somewhat cautious in our outlook before, but we have somewhat more visibility now and we're somewhat more confident.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And I apologize just because I did speak quickly before, but just wondering of this strong metrics you discussed. Are they better, equal to or worse than what you would have expected before the Carnival Triumph incident?
Brian J. Rice: I think that before the bad press was out there, we were probably running a little bit better than we had expected. March, particularly out of North American demand for the Caribbean, we saw softness. And I think the metrics are now getting back toward where we would expect on a daily basis. I wouldn't say that we made fully made up the bookings that were lost during the month of March. But I think we are getting back in equilibrium now.
Operator: Your next question course of the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just first, what's your expectation for discounting and promoting from the Carnival brand over the next few months, maybe as you talk to travel agents and they have some gaps they have to fill. How do you see playing over the next few months?
Adam M. Goldstein: Greg, we really are not in a position to comment on any one competitor's possible actions or even actual actions. What we do and we -- and I don't know what else one would do because everyday, we feel the demand coming from the market and we take whatever pricing actions, promotions we believe are appropriate for the business that we feel, and that's true across all of our 6 brands, and I'm sure that will be true into the future. And whatever happens, we'll play out, as people try to book us by the phone and by the computer.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. Could I ask you maybe a different way, just industry-wide instead of any specific brand. I mean, do you expect it to be pretty stable or improve or get a little bit worse over the next few months?
Brian J. Rice: Greg, I think, in my comments, I specifically tried to call out where our pricing was because I know there's a lot of reaction in the analyst community whenever they see pricing. And I think it's important to recognize that we compete against different bands. Regionally, we compete with different brands and different itineraries. And I think it's important to look at the whole portfolio. There is -- I've been in the industry for over 25 years and there's always promotional activity out there. And it's very hard when you're looking mainly at North America and you're looking at certain promotions on itineraries to extrapolate that to the whole. And I think you're going to continue to see promotions by us. You're going to see them by our competitors. And I would caution you not to read too much into any one deal as you see it. And as Adam said, our revenue management team is reacting to the demand that we're seeing for our brands, not necessarily what others are doing.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And first-time cruisers versus experienced cruisers, any kind of changes in booking pattern? When would you expect some kind of the first-time cruisers to kind of return to basically normal here in North America, with all the media coverage kind of -- at some point, which I think is going to be pretty soon, just kind of being in the rearview mirror and people kind of moving on in terms of their thoughts and just, I think, kind of forgetting about it?
Adam M. Goldstein: Greg, it's Adam again. First of all, I would emphasize that there has not been a momentous shift in the divisions amongst who's been with us before, who's never been with us before, but have cruised with somebody else, who's on a cruise ship for the first time in their life. When we talk to our best travel agents, the best producers that we have and we were with them in connection with the Quantum event in New York, it is their sense, as it is ours, that negative publicity about the industry at any time, and Richard mentioned this in his opening comment, has a somewhat disproportionate effect on first-timers. Nobody has to cruise. Everybody has choices of what to do. And people who have cruised before, who have personally experienced the dedication to safety that is throughout the industry, and who have seen the procedures and protocols that the cruise industry, marine and hotel personnel go through on an everyday basis, are generally very comfortable with the environment. And if you've never experienced it before, you're more likely to wonder about that. So of course, our job as marketers is to get these people on board, so they're all experienced and they all know. But for now, it will probably have more an effect on potential first-timers. The problem is that people don't call us on the phone to tell us that they're not booking with us. We take the business that is coming to us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So just a couple of questions. At one point, you mentioned that costs were well-controlled, but later said that marketing timing was favorable. So does this marketing expense come back later on? Or was it suspended during Triumph? And then -- why don't you answer that and then I'll come back with my follow-up.
Brian J. Rice: Sure, Steve. We had about $0.08 of favorability on costs in the first quarter, most of which was marketing and it was attributable to us. Our brand was going a little quieter during all the bad press, which is something we would traditionally do. We do expect to reinvest that money in subsequent quarters, including a portion of it in Q2. We did save another $0.02 due to FX, and I think that's money that will fall to the top line.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Then separately, given what you're now seeing in Europe that maybe the trends are coming in better, are you rethinking your reduction in deployment in 2014 into that market? I mean, obviously, you just announced it. I know you can't move these things around so quickly, but it does sound like maybe Europe should maybe get rebalanced, and how quickly can you do that? Or can you do that for 2015? Or how are you thinking about it?
Richard D. Fain: We keep watching it, Steve. I think I would emphasize that what we said was, "It wasn't as bad as we thought." And actually, if you had been looking at the press, you would think, "Oh, it's really actually gotten worse." And I think the point we were making was, probably, economically and from an external factors, it has gotten worse. And the point we we're making was that we've overcome those, not so much that it just turned around. So at this stage, we're not looking for a major shift in our strategy, but believe me, we're watching it very closely.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of from Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: My -- I have one question and it relates to Europe again. We have easing comparison is continuing to ease through the month of May. Given last year's Concordia tragedy, shouldn't that, by itself, be helpful if the macro environment is pretty similar to what we saw last year?
Brian J. Rice: Assia, we -- when we gave our original guidance in February, we were counting on some benefit giving the easier comparables. And that was baked into our guidance. And I think what we're saying right now is we feel a little bit more confident about Europe. I think it's -- we're -- a lot of these changes that we're talking about in terms of the performance in the Caribbean, the performance in Europe, is really around the margins. And what we're trying to do is be extremely transparent and tell you where the puts and takes are, but I would caution you not to overread too much into our comments that these are fundamental shifts in demand. We are benefiting from easier comps, and I think we've said that we expect to have yield improvement in Europe this summer.
Assia Georgieva: And that we're currently in a very active booking timeframe for European sailings, given that European passengers do book closer in so it would seem that, at this point versus 10 weeks ago, you would have even greater confidence. I guess, my question is, is your Q3 outlook largely unchanged despite these positive developments on the margin?
Brian J. Rice: Yes, I think we had said back in early February that we were a little less than 50% booked for Europe. And today, we're around 70% booked, to give you some sense of where we are. We're still counting on more business. But the fact that we have maintained our full year guidance, despite the fact that we had a good first quarter, certainly implies that we've taken a little bit of a haircut in Q2 through Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: [indiscernible] over the next 3 or 4 years basically has remained unchanged for the last, I guess, it's been about last 2 quarters. And I know there's been a lot of...
Richard D. Fain: Sorry -- Steve, I'm sorry. We didn't hear the beginning of what you said. You kind of cut in. Can you start over?
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So with your CapEx projections over the next couple of years, those have been pretty flattish over the last 1 to 2 quarters. And I know there's been a lot of concern out there that you guys potentially have to spend more very similar to what one of your competitors has had to done in terms of redundancy plans and things like that. Can you just address that? We have a feeling that your ships are a little bit younger, a little bit -- you've always spent a little bit more on your ships versus some of your competitors?
Richard D. Fain: Steve, like others in the industry, we've got a longstanding practice of investing in redundancy systems, et cetera. And that does include emergency generator capacity. We do, of course, constantly review and whenever there is an incident, we try and learn from it. And so, we have again reviewed our equipment and systems in light of things going on recently. And we think that the CapEx that we normally do already covers everything we will need to do at this point. As you know, we have long a longstanding culture of continuous improvement and that does mean that we're constantly looking for ways to do you a little better. But that has been incorporated into our projections consistently over the years. And so, we don't envision any need to change our CapEx projections at this point.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, got you. Great. And then second question, a little bit bigger-term picture question here with, we've seen some of your competitors, albeit smaller competitors, start to launch their itineraries and launch their pricing a little bit further out than they have in the past with the hopes of getting people to book earlier under the assumption that every couple of months, you're going to see them raise pricing. Is that something that you guys have thought about or is it something you potentially could go towards over the next couple of years?
Adam M. Goldstein: Steve, it's Adam. We certainly have a lot of internal dialogue about the timing of deployment releases, trying to understand whether there's really solid evidence in our history for the -- whether releasing earlier or later is better or worse. And all I can tell about that, because I think this is really competitive in terms of what we actually choose to do, is that we have a lot of focus on this and we pay careful attention to what's happening in the market. And we will release our deployment at the times that we believe are optimal for each of our respective brands. Because our brands have quite different attitudes towards the marketplace, experience different booking curves, and therefore, would have different references as to when to release deployment even within our same company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Europe, obviously, a nice surprise. I know the weather in Europe was unusually cold this winter, so just wondering if you saw any correlation with where you saw the improvement versus what you expected with the areas where the weather was unusually cold like Germany? And then secondarily, maybe attacking the Carnival question from on another angle, have you done research on how many of your passengers cross shop the Carnival brand, because the price points are very different on Carnival versus Royal Caribbean or Celebrity?
Brian J. Rice: Sharon, I'll take the first part on Europe. I think, generally speaking, Europe as a whole was doing better than we had expected. The markets that I would say we're seeing the most softness in would be, of course, Spain. And then probably secondarily the U.K. would be a little bit weaker than maybe we would have expected. Germany has actually held up quite well for us with -- particularly with our TUI Cruises brand. We're very pleased with it's performance. And then the other markets, in general, seem to be doing well. And I'll let Adam take the second part.
Adam M. Goldstein: I would say, Sharon, that if you lined up the deployment of any of the -- any one major cruise line in this industry against one other one and look at where the deployment tends to overlap, there will be some degree of competition and cross shopping. And that stands the reason because one of the valuable roles that travel agents play in this industry is to give objective advice about the different choices that people have and there are fortunately a lot of choices that the cruise industry presents to the customers. So if you look at where we and one other cruise line have ships in the same place at the same time, there's going to be cross shopping. And what we try to do as marketers is make sure that the travel agents and the customers know the features and the benefits that make us special, and that we believe cause great value on the proposition to the guest. And that will be true wherever we meet up against any particular cruise line in the world. And as you know, we're very confident in the ability of our respective brands to compete against their major competitors at wherever we may meet them.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Can I ask a follow-up?
Richard D. Fain: Sure, go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I understand your point on deployment, but have you looked at the hotel industry? I mean clearly, there are bandwidths. And people who look at a Four Seasons don't necessarily look at a Hyatt. So even if they're both in Chicago or New York, so, I mean, I respect the answer, but I'm just asking if you have any kind of insight or research on the actual passenger base that cross shops your brands versus Carnival?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well I don't have specific data. One of the things we've always claimed about the Royal Caribbean International brand in particular is that we believe it's the most versatile brand in the industry. It's also one of the 2 largest brands in the industry. So if we're in a popular market, where many of the other brands are, of the big brands, then the so-called other contemporary brands, we will have some degree of competition with, meaning that some percentage of the guests will be choosing between us and other contemporary brands. And at the same time, because Royal Caribbean is fully capable of competing against the so-called premium cruise lines, there will be some percentage of the potential customers weighing our features and benefits against those of the other premium cruise lines. So if you -- in the example that you gave, there are probably some customers who would consider Four Seasons versus Hyatt, but there would be others who would be very loyal to the Hyatt brand wouldn't think about Four Seasons and vice versa. So it really -- really you have to, in my opinion, look carefully at the particular region of deployment, who's there, and then understand what the likely competitive scenario will be, which is of course one of the inputs into how we choose our deployment.
Operator: Your next question comes of the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of things, Brian, thank you for the color on Europe with -- that you just gave a couple of questions ago. A little bit more there, have you seen the booking curve further compress versus when you talked to us 3 months ago in Europe? And then, I apologize if you commented on this earlier, I missed the opening part of the call. The onboard spending, can you maybe give us some color? We think we know it's probably the strongest in North America but maybe color by region? And then lastly, any commentary on what you're seeing in the Australia, New Zealand market. I know it's not a huge piece for the industry, but there's been -- the economy has been softening there and there's been quite a bit of capacity growth and that market has grown quite a bit the last several years.
Brian J. Rice: Tim, in terms of the booking window, specifically the Europe, we've pretty much seen an across-the-board expansion of the booking curve. The last couple of months, we monitor this for every market and what is the average cruise that people are booking, how far out. And we've actually seen that expand pretty much across the board, including within Europe. The onboard revenue, it's pretty much across the board as I said, particularly the ships that have had the revitalizations, have done well. And even some of the new deployments have done quite well. It's been in all the different revenue centers. It was pretty much across the board in the first quarter. As it relates to by region, again, we saw an uplift on all ships. I wouldn't call it out as any one region did necessarily better than the other. I do think our brands are learning the new markets better and providing the sort of product offering that guests in some of the newer markets really value and are willing to pay for. And I'll let Adam talk about Australia.
Adam M. Goldstein: 1 Tim, so the Australian market has been a very robust fast-growing market. The country, although as mentioned, maybe at the moment isn't doing as economically well as it has been, the last many years have been exceptionally positive for Australia as a country. And the overall GDP per capita is very favorable compared to even very developed other countries around the world. So that country of 25 million people is clearly able to support a significant amount of cruise activity. And one of the results there's been a lot of capacity going there, both ours and others. And as I mentioned in my opening comments, the results in the near term is flat to slightly lower yield outlook for us for this year. But we feel very strongly and positive about the Australian market. There's a wonderful array of destinations to be visited from cruises originating in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane and Auckland. And we would expect that Australia, as a southern summer market, will continue to grow and be a mainstay of the cruise industry going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes of the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions also on Europe. First, it sounds like demand from Europe is positive and more positive than you originally expected. But then your deployments for 2014 it looks like your lowering significantly in Europe. So I just wonder if you could comment on that? And I have another European question as well.
Adam M. Goldstein: Robin, I think demand for Europe -- from Europe has been better than we expected. But I do want to reiterate that our expectations weren't very high. And it isn't -- that it's been such a strong market this year, it's just that we are a little bit pleasantly surprised that although actually the external news has been more negative than we expected, our results are actually slightly better than we expected. So it's more that we've overcome bad news by the momentum of our brands rather than we are suggesting that the market is as strong. So at this point, we're not contemplating changing our basic strategy towards Europe.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, just thinking about Europe and how the mix of your -- where you're sourcing from this year compares to last year, because you mentioned Spain is still weak, UK some softness, and Germany is still strong. So if you're -- if the mix of where you're sourcing from hadn't changed, would you still be expecting demand to be up year-over-year? Like, in other words, I'm trying to get a sense of how much of that is a mix change versus kind of a same-store demand change?
Richard D. Fain: That's an interesting question. You're asking, I guess, to some degree a what-if scenario. I mean, what we are experiencing is that we have, as I mentioned first of all, we have more business coming to our European cruises from other parts of the world. And that's pretty much all other parts of the world -- United States, Asia, South Pacific and Latin America. Within Europe, it's probably somewhat consistent with the macroeconomic picture that we see. There's somewhat more business coming from Northern Europe than from Southern. We've seriously reduced our expectations for the business that we would source out of Italy, France and Spain, I'm speaking for the Royal Carribean International brand. So it's hard to know what would happen if we had done it very differently, if we had deployment arranged differently or if we marketed very differently by country than what we're doing. Clearly, we could have changed the ratio but the ratio that we're pursuing is the one that we believe is optimal for this year's performance.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And so -- and I wasn't necessarily asking you to sort of think about if you're marketing or how that could have changed pricing. But literally, the pricing that you are seeing by -- from those source markets and just would your overall Europe had been up if your sourcing hadn't changed. So you're not actually having to sort of speculate about what might have been but literally, just looking at your pricing by source markets, and if you hadn't changed your mix by source market, would you still be positive year-over-year?
Adam M. Goldstein: Again, I don't have a precise answer to your question. Our pricing by the principal market is generally more similar than different. So changing mix amongst them, I don't think, would have produced a very different result than what we're seeing. And the price support would come from the fact that we have more demand generation from other parts of the world which bolster our ability to take whatever actions need to be taken in Europe itself.
Operator: The next question comes on the line of James Hardiman with Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: I'll continue to beat the dead horse with Europe. And I apologize if you feel like you've touched on this, I did hop on a bit late. But obviously, Carnival saying Europe's getting a little bit worse. You guys are saying it's getting a little bit better. I guess it seems like what you're saying is that maybe your expectations were just lower, is that the biggest delta here or is it maybe a function of geographic mix? Is it the difference in the reporting calendar, where the last month since those guys have reported, things have maybe ramped up in particular? Or do you just think from a market share perspective, you guys are actually gaining share with a maybe fewer brand-specific issues in Europe?
Brian J. Rice: James, I'll take a crack at this one since Adam and Richard haven't closed the door on it. I think it really, I want to emphasize, our view of Europe is really on the margin, and it is slightly better than our expectations were in early February. I think I would emphasize the fact that we are happy that we took 10% of our capacity out of Europe this year. We are dealing with an easy comparable, we think we are in a good place in terms of our capacity relative to what the market condition is right now. Our preliminary plans for next year is that we might have a slight reduction again in Europe, which we hope would give us pricing leverage, which is something we have been criticized a lot for, is putting overcapacity in markets, and I think what we're trying to do is really get the highest pricing we can in -- for our whole portfolio. We are excited about new markets, we're doing well in the Caribbean. We're going to have record yields this year. Asia, with the exception of the current tensions with Japan, seems a very promising market for us. So we may allocate a little more inventory to those markets at the expense of the capacity for Europe. But it really is trying to optimize the portfolio. And I think, again, we view Europe as slightly better than we did 3 months ago, but we're not read to declare victory there and say that, that is the new treasure chest of the industry.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. And then talk a little bit about the support that you're getting from your travel agents. I think in your prepared marks, you said that things could have gotten ugly had it not been for some of that support. Do you think that support has been disproportionately in your favor, particularly post the Triumph incident? Obviously, you guys are going to be extremely hesitant to use any other cruise line's misfortunes in your favor in terms of any communications that are coming from you. But anecdotally, do you think that's happening at the travel agent level? Are they sort of pushing more customers in your direction? And I guess just bigger picture, talk a little bit about commissions paid to travel agents, it's not entirely even depending on the geography, a lot of these guys are getting paid bigger commissions from you versus maybe some of the other -- some of your other competitors. Just talk about your strategy with commissions with regards to the travel agents?
Richard D. Fain: Okay. I'll try and take the first part of that and I'll ask Adam to respond on the question on the level of commissions. First of all, I certainly hope -- I mean, we put a great deal of effort into getting the travel agents to push people towards our brand all the time. And we've done that for years. We have a very strong program of trying to provide support to the travel agent community. We have always believed and continue to believe that travel agents are an important distribution system that helps differentiate products. And we believe that we have very powerful relationship with them and the awards, I think we've probably won the most awards from travel agents. And of course, we do everything we can to continue to differentiate ourselves. But one thing the industry doesn't do is compete on the basis of safety or environmental protection or other things. And that isn't terribly constructive, I think the entire industry is focused in the same direction. So I believe that we -- I do believe the industry agencies, travel agent industry, the community, is important in helping qualify potential cruisers, helping them understand the advantage and value of cruising, and I think the travel agent community is, and has been, particularly helpful in times when there is misunderstanding in the world. And right now, there's been a lot of misunderstanding in the world, and I think exaggerated media reports and others, which they have helped clarify, particularly for, as I mentioned earlier, the first-time cruiser, who I think may have the most misconceptions about cruising. And that's true of the misconceptions about cruising in terms of safety, but also inclusive of how enjoyable it is and what kind of value it is. So I think the travel agent can really explain that to people, who otherwise wouldn't know. And I think that has continued to be the case. I think we will continue to push hard to differentiate ourselves and to make sure that all travel agents know, as I believe, that in every single category of cruising, we would try and be a winner. But that's on the standard process and I think their support for the industry, as a whole, remains unchanged. And I think they've served a very powerful and helpful role in that regard not only for us but for everybody. And I'll ask Adam to address the commission level part of the question.
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you. So the relationship that we have with the travel agency distribution system that Richard described is both a source of great pride to us and is consistently reflected in the feedback from the travel agents, including as I mentioned just the other day when we were we our top travel partners at the time of the Quantum of the Seas reveal. Having said that, clearly, that relationship is predicated on us giving competitive compensation to them for producing for us. They're all in this business for profits as well as we are. And if they don't feel that we're giving them a fair shake on compensation, they may love us and our products, but they're going somewhere else. So -- and also, they're always asking for more compensation, which you can't blame them for doing. The shareholders -- our shoulders, are typically wondering if there's some way that we can pay them less compensation, but you can't blame the shareholders for asking that either. But it's our responsibility to navigate the right balance, reflecting the value -- the great rate value that they contribute to the success of our business model, neither underpaying nor overpaying. And I would point out that the foundations of travel agency compensation over a good number of years now are much more stable than unstable. It's pretty clear what the building block elements of travel agency compensation are, and it's pretty clear that travels agents are willing to produce good business for us with the existing components of their compensation.
Operator: Your next question so the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I think it would be a good opportunity to discuss the design of your ships and some of the differences between yours that give you confidence that you won't run into the same issues that Carnival has, whether it's power loss, backup generators, fire suppression. If you could give us your sense of what the difference in design is?
Richard D. Fain: This is Richard, and I can't really make comparisons. I don't know enough about what others do. I can only refer to what we do, and safety and comfort of our guests has always been the sine qua non to us, and I believe, to the entire industry. And I don't think we're, at all, alone in that. I think we all try. One of the things that I would emphasize is there is no such thing as perfect safety. There is such a thing as perfect dedication to safety and we strive towards that every day. We have tried to build into our systems multiple redundancies, and that includes all the kinds of things you've talked about. But I guess I would also say that when people -- you talked about the cost of our ships, actually usually when we have conversations about the cost of our ship, they focus around the wow features that we have on board our vessels. And as both Adam and I talked about earlier, the Quantum of the Seas launch in New York is probably the most recent example of the amazing concepts that our building team has come up with. But at the same time, I don't think it's a coincidence that the man who oversees our new building projects, and has for many years, previously headed up our safety and security department. And that's Harri Kulovaara, and he's very focused on that. And while it's true that redundancies like the ones we're talking about do increase the cost of a vessel's design, we believe those investments are well worth making.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Well, maybe there's a follow-up that I can ask, which is there anything about your design specifically that reduces the probability that you would see one of your ships dead in the water and guest services reduced to a bare minimum?
Richard D. Fain: Well, I think all of us in the industry work very hard to that objective. And I think it's important to notice that the industry and ourselves have an amazing safety record, that what you have seen recently really is a historical anomaly. And that the industry performs thousands of cruises normally without a problem. And recently, we did have obviously a very well-publicized number of events. But I think it's fair to really emphasize that we're all working to minimize the chances of that and in an ideal world, it would be brought to 0, but there's no such thing as a 0 probability of anything. So I do think we do work at it and I think I'm proud of the devotion to safety that Harri and his team exemplifies and our Marine departments exemplify. And I expect that, that will continue as we move forward.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Let me then move on to my second question, which is related to your annual guidance. Very strong outperformance in the first quarter due to incremental cost in the second quarter. Probably some of that first quarter benefit goes away, but still net-net-net, you have the opportunity to take your guidance up for the year by $0.05 or $0.10, and I'm curious what's out there that would keep you from having taking your annual guidance up?
Brian J. Rice: Harry, I think it's a combination of, if you look at the first quarter, we had about $0.08 of favorability in revenue and we had about $0.08 in cost savings. We believe that, and we had $0.04 below the line. The combination of the $0.08 of revenue, the $0.04 below the line, we think, is being offset by some of the deterioration that we saw during the month of March. And that the cost is really just the timing shift of the marketing. We have a pretty wide range out there still with revenues of 2% to 4%. That's about $120 million spread and we have 100-basis-point spread on cost. And just when we summed it all up, we thought we should maintain our guidance. So it's a little bit softer in Q2 through Q4. Hasha, I think we have time for just one more question, please?
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jaime Katz with Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can you guys talk about CDF and Pullmantur and maybe where those brands performed relative to the rest of the business in Europe?
Richard D. Fain: Sure. As I think we have made clear and over time, the Spanish economy is something less than robust, by coincidence, this morning, they just announced yet another increase in the unemployment rate to 27%, an almost unheard of rate. And so, of course, Pullmantur's performance is inevitably affected by that very strongly and that's been a big disappointment, and I don't see any quick turn away from massive improvement given the economic situation. However, Pullmantur has done a very good job, I think, in, a, dealing with an extraordinarily difficult economic operating environment and in diversifying itself away from Spain into other Latin countries, particularly in South America. You also asked about CDF, Croisieres de France, and that's actually a quite good success story. It started small and we've had a significant -- a very significant increase in our capacity this year. Jason, what's the capacity increase in France this year, in percentage terms?
Jason Liberty: It increased about double.
Richard D. Fain: Yes, so it almost doubled as we put in a much larger ship and yet, we're still getting higher yields there than last year having doubled the capacity. So the French, the CDF, Croisieres de France situation is actually doing quite well for us and we would expect to continue to expand that to take advantage of a good market position.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, and we'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today as usual. Ian will be available throughout the day if you have any follow-ups. And we wish everyone a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian J. Rice - Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman Richard D. Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Adam M. Goldstein - Chief Executive of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Assia Georgieva Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Cassandra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Brian Rice. You may begin.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Cassandra, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which we have posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures which are non-GAAP as defined, and the reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin with his comments. I will follow with a brief recap of our results, give an update on the booking environment and our forward guidance. Adam will talk about our brands, and then we will open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thank you, Brian, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I should note that we have some comments about holding this call the morning after the Super Bowl, but I should assure you that we've checked all of our electrical connections, and we're ready to go. As you can see from the release, the late bookings boosted our year-end results. And overall, the WAVE period has started on a nice, solid note. I really do have to apologize to Charles Dickens for stealing his words, but the title, A Tale of Two Continents simply captures our current situation too well to ignore. We're happy with the strong bookings we're seeing in the United States, but we're unhappy about the weakness we're seeing in many of the European Union countries, most notably Spain and the U.K. Even though the economies in the U.S. and in places like Germany and France still aren't very good, or aren't great, it's really the weakness in Southern Europe that is keeping our yields from truly exciting growth. I think, overall, this demonstrates the power of our brands even in a lackluster market. I should also note that last year at this time, the Concordia tragedy caused a significant disruption in our booking patterns, and that complicates our ability to make clear comparisons. We do try and go back further to compare to previous years, but there were complications then too; and the further one goes back, the less comparable the figures become. We are, therefore, necessarily cautious in making comparisons; but overall, we're optimistic about the direction. Of course, it's particularly disappointing to have to take such a large write-down related to Pullmantur. However, it's important to note that the write-down is purely a noncash item, and it will have no ongoing consequences looking forward. More importantly, it doesn't reflect on the admiration we feel towards our management team in Pullmantur, and they have struggled so hard and so aggressively against the headwinds of the Spanish economy. Besides working to maintain and to improve Pullmantur's performance locally, they've aggressively pursued a strategy of diversification, which is systematically and dramatically reducing their dependence on the Spanish market. Simultaneously, we're taking advantage of the mobility that our fleet has to reduce our reliance on weaker markets, and we've done that significantly during 2010, we have the opportunity to do even more in 2014 if that seems appropriate. For example, this has been a 10% reduction of capacity in Europe and the corresponding expansion of our focus on Asia Pacific. It's particularly interesting to note how well both Australia and China have held up. Both are looking towards flat to higher yields despite really very large capacity increases. And in the case of China, that's in spite of the impact from the territorial dispute with Japan. In addition to our focus on structural gains, we're starting to feel a bit more comfortable that already in the United States and Asia, the consumers are surging as a positive driver of yield improvement. Even in Europe, which continues to struggle with a fiscal and banking crisis, we're optimistic that the public is coming to terms with this new normal, and that the base we're laying in 2013 will bear ripe fruit in 2014 and beyond. That's part of the reason we feel so good about the order for Oasis 3, which we have recently negotiated. Overall, I'm pleased with how we performed in 2012 given the external pressures, and I'm encouraged with the profitability improvements we are targeting for 2013. Frankly, I would probably be ebullient right now if we were experiencing the same demand levels from Europe that we are experiencing domestically. Our goal remains to improve our returns to double-digit levels despite only minimal support from the economy and to re-earn our investment-grade rating. With that, I'll turn it back over to Brian for a more in-depth look at the numbers. Brian?
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Richard. I'd like to begin my comments by talking about the noncash impairment charge we took in the fourth quarter. During the quarter, we performed our impairment analysis of Pullmantur's goodwill, deferred tax assets and long-lived assets, and concluded that a noncash impairment charge of approximately $414 million was appropriate. As we have noted in the past, the continued deterioration of the Spanish economy, compounded by the government's austerity measures and the effects of the Costa Concordia incident, have been significant risk factors that could cause an impairment of Pullmantur's goodwill. During the second half of the 2012, the Spanish government introduced another round of austerity measures, further impacting consumer spending. The IMF, which only a year ago was predicting a GDP growth rate for Spain of 1.8% in 2013, recently lowered their forecast to a contraction of 1.5%. And while the WAVE season is off to a promising start in most markets, we have seen a significant deterioration in demand from Spain. All indications suggest the continued challenging operating environment in Spain for an extended period of time. This has resulted in significant changes in our plans and expectations for the brand. Accordingly, we have lowered our forecasted net operating cash flows for Pullmantur, which has negatively impacted our impairment analysis. The net result of this is a total impairment charge of approximately $414 million. Of this amount, approximately $319 million relates to goodwill, and the balance relates to a valuation allowance for Pullmantur's deferred tax assets, a reduction in the value of the trademarks and name and an impairment charge related to 3 aircraft that Pullmantur owns and operates. We have incorporated a rather grim view of the Spanish economy in our forecast and are confident that our projected cash flows are appropriate given the current environment and believe we have adjusted our carrying balances properly. You may be interested to know that our remaining goodwill balance for Pullmantur at year end was $144 million, and the value of the Pullmantur trademarks and name was $208 million. We believe these adjustments are appropriate and also have the utmost confidence in Pullmantur's management team as they diversify the brand's customer sourcing to markets outside of Spain. Now I would like to talk about our operating results. So that you can better understand our operating performance, I'm going to exclude the impairment charges from the numbers I discuss. On the second slide, we have summarized our fourth quarter performance. We generated net income of $0.10 a share, which was $0.07 above the midpoint of our guidance. Both ticket and onboard revenue showed year-over-year improvement and came in better than our forecast. Net yields improved 1.8% on a constant-currency basis, about 110 basis points of which was driven by our deployment initiatives and changes in our international distribution system. Yields for our European itineraries were down slightly, but we saw yield improvement in the mid-single digits for the Caribbean. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, increased 1% on a constant-currency basis. Excluding the itinerary and international distribution changes, our costs were up 40 basis points year-over-year. On Slide 3, we have summarized our full year results, again, excluding the impairment charges for Pullmantur. Earnings per share were $1.97, which was at the midpoint of our initial guidance range back in January. Yields improved 3% on a constant-currency basis, again, at the midpoint of our original guidance of 1% to 5%. The total of 240 basis points of the increase was due to changes in deployment and international distribution. For the full year, yields were up in the Caribbean, Asia and South America. Excluding Europe, ticket yields increased 3.4% for the year. Yields in Europe were down significantly in the peak season and by a lesser degree in the late season. Overall, ticket yields in Europe declined about 3.5% for the year. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, increased 4.2% on a constant-currency basis. And of this, 350 basis points were due to the changes in deployment and international distribution. Now let me update you on what we are seeing in the demand environment. As of today, our total booked load factors in booked APDs were slightly better than at this same time last year and better than this point in time in 2011. Booking activity in the fourth quarter was slightly lower than the same time last year, with the greatest decline coming in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. With each consecutive week after the storm, we saw improvement though. During first part of January, bookings were in line with the same time last year. Since we lapped the Costa Concordia incident, overall bookings have been up 20% versus a year ago. As Richard mentioned, though, we are seeing different stories by source market. U.S. source business is up significantly versus the same period last year. Asian and Australian bookings have more than kept pace with the added capacity we have placed in both markets. And with the exception of the U.K. and Spain, Europe has been pretty solid. The U.K. has been disappointing from a volume standpoint, but pricing is above last year. Spain, however, is down significantly in both volume and pricing. Our brands have adjusted their guest sourcing targets accordingly, and we hope to minimize the overall impact these 2 markets will have on our performance. At the itinerary level, the Caribbean will account for 44% of our 2013 capacity, which is a 4% increase from last year. We are seeing solid booking trends for this product group. And based on what we know today, we expect a record yield -- year for yields in the Caribbean. Europe will account for 27% of our capacity this year, which is a 10% reduction from last year. As of now, our booked load factors for Europe are similar to this same time last year at higher APDs. However, we have sold less than 50% of our European capacity so far, so it is still too early to have a definitive view on how much yield we can recover in 2013. Clearly, we view the performance of European itineraries as the largest swing factor in our projections. Asia Pacific will account for 10% of our capacity this year, which is an increase of about 45%. Our booked load factors look strong for sailings in the first half of the year, although pricing is behind a year ago. Overall, we expect yields to be about flat for this region despite the large capacity increase. Alaska represents about 4% of capacity, and early bookings are looking good with both load factors and pricing running higher than a year ago. The remaining 15% of our inventory is spread across many other products, including South America, Bermuda, Panama Canal and trans-Atlantic itineraries. In aggregate, load factors are higher than last year for these products, with pricing running slightly ahead. If you'll turn to Slide 4, you will see our initial guidance for 2013. Net yields are expected to increase between 3% and 5% on an as-reported basis and between 2% and 4% on a constant-currency basis. As I mentioned before, we currently view Europe as the largest swing factor. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to increase approximately 3% on an as-reported basis and between 2% and 3% on a constant-currency basis. Our brands continue to be very focused on driving higher yields, and most of this increase relates to increased marketing activities and investments in information technology to improve revenue. We expect to receive some benefit from these investments in 2013, but even more in the coming years. In addition, while we have been able to mitigate pressure on most of our insurance premiums, we have seen an increase of more than 50% in our protection and indemnity insurance costs. Unfortunately, the reinsurance costs incurred by the P&I clubs because of the Costa Concordia incident were substantially higher than previous indications. We have included $960 million of fuel expense for the year, and we are 55% hedged. Net of our hedges, a 10% change in fuel prices, equates to about $43 million for the year. At today's prices, our swaps provide a $65 million benefit, but this is $46 million less than we realized in 2012. Included in our fuel calculations is an incremental expense of $11 million due to the full year impact of the North American Emissions Control Area or ECA regulation that went into effect in August of last year. Based on current fuel prices and currency exchange rates, we expect earnings per share to be between $2.30 and $2.50 for the year. On Slide 5, we have recapped our guidance for the first quarter. Net yields are expected to increase 2% to 3% on a constant-currency basis and approximately 2% on an as-reported basis. We expect yield improvement in all key itineraries, with the exception of Australia. As I mentioned previously, we have a substantial increase in capacity in this market, so there is some pricing pressure. Nonetheless, Australia remains a very high-yielding market for us. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to increase approximately 2% on a constant-currency and as-reported basis, and we have included $245 million of fuel expense for the quarter. We expect earnings per share to be between $0.10 and $0.20 for the quarter. Our capital expenditures this year are forecasted to be approximately $700 million. This includes the revitalization of 6 vessels, progress payments for new construction and investments in information technology. We do have scheduled debt maturities of $1.5 billion this year and the remaining EUR 745 million balance of our eurobond maturing in the first quarter of 2014. We have already refinanced the vast majority of these maturities as evidenced by our $2.2 billion in liquidity, and we do anticipate strong cash -- free cash flow this year. To the extent necessary, we have numerous options available to us to refinance any remaining balance and have provided for this in our interest forecast. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Adam for his comments. Adam?
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As Brian and Richard have both noted, strong late bookings contributed to our exceeding the 2012 expectations we communicated 3 months ago. I would like to thank our men and women, shipboard and shoreside, for their effort and dedication to overcome the many obstacles that 2012 presented. You have heard commentary already from Richard and Brian on various aspects of the annual WAVE period that is currently underway. The Caribbean represents 44% of 2013 capacity, up 1.1 points versus 2012. In general, we are seeing positive performance across short, 7-night and long Caribbean sailings, and we expect to post yields that eclipse last year's record Caribbean yields for the company. There was a lull in Caribbean bookings following Superstorm Sandy, but we have seen notable year-over-year improvement during the first weeks of the WAVE. Europe represents 27% of 2013 capacity, down 3.2 points versus 2012. Against the backdrop of the Arab Spring in 2011 and both the industry and macroeconomic adversity in 2012, we expect a yield increase in 2013 relative to both years. Northern European capacity for the industry and the company are substantially up, and our year-over-year yield expectations are lower in the North than they are for the Eastern and Western Med, where our capacity is down on each sector for the second consecutive year. We are seeing more interest from the U.S. source market for 2013 Europe cruises than we experienced last year. And to this point, we are not hearing much, if any, noise about consumers' inability to find air seats from the U.S. to Europe. Turning to the China market, our 2012 performance with one Voyager class ship and one smaller ship was favorable. This gives us confidence for 2013 when we will have 2 Voyager class ships in the market as of the summer. It also bodes well for the long-term development of this high-potential market, which is clearly in its infancy from a consumer awareness, distribution and port infrastructure standpoint. Unfortunately, in the short term, the political issues between Japan and China surrounding the disputed islands in the East China Sea are affecting our itineraries and our demand generation. From the 2 main Chinese home ports of Shanghai and Tianjin, the destinations are concentrated in Japan and South Korea. For nearly all of our cruises into June, we have eliminated virtually all Japanese port calls and are offering cruises that only visit South Korea. It is not clear what will happen in the summer months. We certainly hope a reduction of tension emerges in the very near future. Since the last earnings call, we entered into a contract with STX France for the construction of a third Oasis class ship for delivery in 2016. While delivery of this exciting ship is still over 3 years away, all of us at Royal Caribbean International are looking forward to having a third of this magnificent class of ship in our fleet. Oasis of the Seas and Allure of the Seas are now well established as industry-leading in both guest satisfaction and profitability. We are pleased to renew our relationship with the French shipyard, which has previously built 8 ships for the Royal Caribbean brand. Before the next earnings call, 1 of those 8 ships, Monarch of the Seas, will leave our brand for her new service in Pullmantur, operating Southern Caribbean itineraries, targeting Spanish-speaking guests primarily sourced from South America. Monarch has been a mainstay of Royal Caribbean for over 21 years, carrying approximately 4 million happy guests. We thank her for her service and wish her well in our sister brand. Finally, it is my pleasure to report another year of increased guest satisfaction across our fleet, according to the various metrics we track. Despite the diversity of itineraries and guest nationalities, we continue to deliver the WOW even more powerfully as time goes on. Brian?
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Adam. We'd now like to open the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Cassandra, if we could open the call, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Brian, you talked a little bit about some of the drivers of the cost increases. Just wondering if we could go a little deeper. Regarding the insurance cost increase, you did say that it had gone up. But how much of the increase that you're seeing now is incremental to what you were expecting before? And then I was wondering if you could just discuss the investment spending in more detail that you also highlighted as a driver for the higher costs?
Brian J. Rice: Sure, Felicia. Our interest cost in total are up about $20 million year-over-year, so that's a little more than 0.5 percentage point, about 60 basis points. Most of that...
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's insurance?
Brian J. Rice: That's insurance. Most of that, as I mentioned in my comments, is related to P&I, which is we're just now in the renewal period. We were actually talking to the clubs last week. We had anticipated some increases. We had, I believe, it was about a 10% increase in hull and machinery, which we had anticipated. But the P&I was much larger, and the allocation of the recovery of those costs to the cruise lines was more substantial than we had anticipated. We are in the midst -- I'm going to let Adam talk about some of the marketing investments that we're making, but we also -- both on capital and on the P&L, we're doing a lot of investment in IT right now. We're working a lot with our websites, our core reservation system, our ability to do a much more intuitive presentation to our customers, as well as be able to do a lot more revenue management in a more granular level. And those are benefits that have begun to start coming in, but they will also snowball over the next couple of years. So we've included some benefit this year in our revenue, but I think it's going to be 2014, 2015 that we really hope to get the biggest gains out of that.
Adam M. Goldstein: Felicia, this is Adam. When we talk about technology investments and marketing investments, we're often talking about essentially 2 sides of the same coin. We clearly want to invest in the new available ways of doing target marketing, of reaching people on a one-to-one basis and engaging with them in conversations that weren't possible even 5 or 10 years ago, to take advantage of the interest that people have in cruising in general and in our brand specifically. Second, the distribution of our industry continues to evolve. It's a very competitive space. And we need to continue to invest in ways of reaching travel agents and motivating them to sell our products first and foremost. And then the third aspect, which will not surprise you based on all of the previous conversations, is we need to invest in our global marketing capabilities. As we begin to be an active marketer in virtually every significant market in the world, whether that's China, Australia, Brazil, the United States, the U.K. or what have you, we find that we need to continue to invest in new marketing capabilities and new systems capabilities to support that.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And also, I guess, Adam, just a follow-up for you, last question. You mentioned -- well, you all, as a whole, mentioned that you could achieve record yields in the Caribbean and in Alaska this year. Just wondering if you all have any insight into the Mediterranean sailing season yet or if it's too early?
Adam M. Goldstein: Felicia, sorry, it's Adam. I had you on mute there for a second. It's a little bit early, and we have said that because with all the different things that have transpired in Europe over the last 24 months, besides the fact that we're a little less booked there percentage-wise, we're a little bit less confident in how the market will react to the different techniques that we typically use. So we really need a little bit more time, I would say, in 2013 as we approach the summer season to see how it will go.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robin Farley.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You talked about reducing European itineraries and European passenger sourcing this year, and I think you quantified the itinerary changes. I wonder if you could give a little bit more of that kind of color on the European passenger sourcing, just what you're targeting for the year and how that had changed from maybe what you were targeting a few months ago.
Adam M. Goldstein: There haven't been, Robin, dramatic changes. But at the margins, we're probably looking for a little bit more business from the United States. Typically, in recent years, when we've been talking about this on these calls, we've had the percentage from the U.S. at or maybe a little bit below 1/4 of our business. We're probably looking for a little bit above 1/4 of our business this year. But again, as I was just saying, we really need to see how the next few months develop. It is nice to know that there does seem to be a fairly robust level of interest from the United States to cruising Europe this summer, a little bit more than we've seen in the past few years at this point in time. And so we have the ability to leverage that to the extent that we need.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And so you're just talking about that 25% and just the percent of your European itineraries that are North American sourced?
Adam M. Goldstein: Correct.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then can you sort of just ballpark what your North American yields -- obviously, given the guidance for the company overall and the weakness or the uncertainty in Europe, what your North American yields would look like, just looking at North American sourced?
Brian J. Rice: Robin, we don't get that granular and it's a mix of itineraries. I think we certainly try to indicate that we're being, I think, the most bullish on U.S. sourced business right now when we compare to other markets. The U.K. -- I'm sorry, go ahead.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And I know you don't normally, I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of whether your guidance leaves room for European-sourced business. For those yields to actually be down this year, is there, would you say, there's enough room in your guidance where that's at some end of the range for...
Brian J. Rice: I think we read a lot about what people expect us to come out with guidance. We try to be as transparent as possible and actually try to offer a little more granularity on what we're seeing right now. Clearly, we're expecting the yields to be down in Spain this year. The U.K., our volumes are off, but our pricing is up a bit. The other markets are actually holding up okay, but we've tried to give some variability. We believe the largest swing factor will be Europe, and we've tried to accommodate that for a little more deterioration or a little more upside within our guidance.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Brian, I guess if you look at your NCCs, you basically are saying they would be flat if you stripped out the higher insurance costs and the marketing costs. So I'm just -- I mean that seems like a very optimistic, very strong -- or a very strong -- what I'm basically trying to get at here is how are you guys keeping that number flat at this point? Seems a little bit aggressive, I guess, to us.
Brian J. Rice: Well, as I mentioned, about 50 or 60 basis points is going to be insurance, and the other really marketing and IT costs are the 2 areas that we're seeing increases. The brands worked very hard to try to do cost containment. We're perpetually looking for synergies and how we can consolidate some of the back-office operations and improve efficiency. I think it's fair to say we are leveraging the technology to get efficiency as well. And our supply team has done a great job in negotiating and keeping any inflationary pressures in check. So I think we feel good about the guidance we've provided.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, got you. And then second question, just maybe how you're thinking about onboard yields for '13 as well.
Adam M. Goldstein: Steve, this is Adam. Looking back at last year, we had a year of reasonable progress, I would say, with our onboard yields. Overall, some of the areas that were helpful to us were short excursions and beverage. Also, in general, being more present in the Asia Pacific region is good in terms of the spending by those guests. And then the third thing I would mention is that of the revitalization of substantial part of our fleet across brands is creating new revenue -- onboard revenue opportunities. And we were able to take some advantage of them in 2012 and would expect to continue to do so in the 2013. Just as Brian was discussing with costs right now, as it relates to onboard revenue, there's a tremendous effort taking place across all brands to create onboard revenue upside. And I would say we're cautiously optimistic at this point in the year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I apologize if I missed this, but could you talk about the drivers of the occupancy being down a little bit year-over-year? And then secondarily on onboard spending, just curious if you could kind of prioritize where you are seeing that strength? I know you've made some changes in some of your beverage programs, and I'm curious how that's playing into the onboard spending.
Adam M. Goldstein: Sharon, it's Adam. Yes, we have made a number of tweaks in different areas. Also, let me start with short excursions. I know you just mentioned beverage, I'll come back to that. But as we become a more global operator with a more diversed guest sourcing, we have found both needs and opportunities to create more to our product for guests from different nationalities with different language capabilities in different parts of the world. I'd like to think we're getting better and better at that across the brands. And we saw opportunities in that area in 2012, and we would expect to see more opportunities in that respect in 2013. So that would be one example. The beverage area has been also relatively productive for us, both in terms of the introductions of a variety of different beverage packages across brands that give more consumer choice to our guests, both before and during the cruise in terms of how they would like to structure their beverage experience. And then, as I was just saying, I think in general, as we get more knowledgeable serving a more diversed group of nationalities across our various brands, we're simply finding new and interesting onboard revenue opportunities. And as we revitalize our ships with more specialty restaurants, different kinds of entertainment, different and better bars and so forth, we are finding areas of improvement. So all of those things together give us some optimism for 2013 and also in the years beyond.
Brian J. Rice: Sharon, I apologize, I don't have a reconciliation of the occupancies for you. I'd say for the year we're down 40 basis points; and we're down, I believe, it was 1.2 percentage points in the fourth quarter. I know we did have an increase in cancellations due to Hurricane Sandy, but I don't know how much that impact was. But if you don't mind, we'll try to get some details. And if you could follow up with Ian, we'll try to help you out after the call.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Sure. Can I just ask one quick follow-up then? I mean, do you expect occupancies to be relatively stable in 2013? Or should we expect more downward pressure on that?
Brian J. Rice: No, I think we're always within 1% or 2%, and our yield management team will make decisions that they believe is going to optimize the overall revenue equation. And sometimes, particularly on our higher-end brands, we may sacrifice load factor in order to drive yields up. But for the most part, we keep our load factors within a very narrow range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva.
Assia Georgieva: Two questions. First of all, I was somewhat surprised that the U.K. is lagging Germany and France in terms of demand. Given that you have a small price advantage at this point but the booked load factors are lagging, do you think you might be able to keep that price advantage as we go through WAVE? Or do you expect that at some point, you'll have to be reducing price to get the load factors up?
Adam M. Goldstein: Assia, it's Adam. It's hard to compare the difference, either European countries or actually any 2 countries. The U.K. is the #2 market for cruising in the world. For example, in the case of Royal Caribbean International, we are doubling the number of ships we have out of Southampton this summer with the Venture of the Seas joining Independence of the Seas. And clearly, the U.K. is under some stress macroeconomically. So we find that we're having to work pretty hard in the market right at this point, and we're waiting to see how the normal kinds of promotional activity will develop. There's always a heavy level of promotional activity in the U.K. going on, no matter how robust or not robust the market is for 25 years that I can remember. So it's really a question of being how, over the next 2 or 3 months, the market responds to the types of techniques we've used in the past and whether we have to get more aggressive or not. But it's a big cruise market, it's experienced in cruising, there's very well-established distribution. Our products and services are well received in the market, and we would expect to be able to find the customers that we need as we go forward.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. So it will be another couple of months before you have a better view into the summer season out of the U.K.?
Adam M. Goldstein: Yes.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. And my second question relates again to decrease in net cruise costs. I understand the P&I in the marketing pieces are the drivers. But last year, we already had a pretty significant increase related to deployment initiatives in the international distribution. I actually would have expected that we would get some of that benefit in terms of yields, but wouldn't have the need to raise costs and, in fact, had hoped that maybe costs could be flattish year-over-year. At the same time, marketing spend, obviously, if a 1% increase in costs can help drive yields by 1%, that's a benefit. But again, could you come in a little more detail -- I know you've discussed this already -- but I just wish there had been less of an increase on the cost side, if you will.
Brian J. Rice: Assia, I think we are trying to drive higher revenues. We do believe that the best way to grow our bottom line is through these investments and getting the revenues up. 1%, as you pointed out, on the revenue line means a lot more to us than 1% on the cost side. I think we've done a good job of controlling costs. If you exclude the investments that we're making in IT and marketing and the adjustment for insurance, our costs are basically flat, which I think has taken a lot of hard work by the brands and by our infrastructure team. And we're quite proud of that. But we do believe making these investments is both good for the short-term and the long-term results that we can drive.
Assia Georgieva: Well, the brand, it seems that we already had a higher cost base in 2012, again, because of those 2 types of initiatives that were more of a onetime item or had significant...
Brian J. Rice: Assia, I'm sorry, they're not a onetime item, they continue forward. It will actually be a pleasure to stop talking about deployment and international distribution changes in my script every time. But those are changes that occurred in 2012 from 2011. They do continue forward. I believe I called out early last year, one of the structural changes was the relationship that our Pullmantur brand has within Brazil. We did previously have more of a tour operator sort of structure where we shared revenues and costs, and that changed in 2012. And we have a more broader distribution system. And as a result of that, we got more of revenue and more of the cost. That continues going forward. So we really are looking at apples-to-apples as we compare 2013 to 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: The first question -- sorry to beat a dead horse here, but going back to Europe, if you -- with 50% of your capacity still yet to book, based on the most recent trends in pricing, would your gut tell you with that, that incremental pricing from here through the end of the summer is going to be on the positive side or on the negative side?
Adam M. Goldstein: When you say, "from here," do you mean from here being the United States?
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: No, no. No, from this point in time.
Adam M. Goldstein: I'm sorry. So it's from here on in time?
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Correct.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, as we've said in a couple of different ways that we need to see how this develops over the next 2 or 3 months. We have a wide array of tactical options available to us in this business, both in our consumer and our trade communications. We have considerably more experience in all of the European countries than we had even a few years ago in terms of how to select and promote the activities that we need to do. So we have a lot of capability, but we're also facing a market environment that's certainly altered over the last 2 or 3 years into something that is a little bit different. I think when we're talking about United States market and the Caribbean and Alaska and the different techniques that we have available there, we're pretty confident when we say what -- when we look at what the different choices are as to how to go forward, what to select and when to put it into the market and what will probably happen. Europe is simply more uncertain at this time. And also because we source most of our customers on our European cruises from Europe, for them, it is closer-to-home, later-in-time booking proposition. So there are several different factors that sort of push towards needing the next few months to see how it will go. But we're optimistic that we can do the things that we need to do to keep the ships full and to be consistent with the pricing -- the earnings guidance and the yield guidance that we've given you today.
Richard D. Fain: Harry, I think I would -- since there have been a number of questions on Europe, and quite rightly because we have highlighted that as an issue, macroeconomically, where we continue to see continued uncertainty there, issues with the banking system and the fiscal crisis that they've been undergoing. So it's a little hard to measure that. I think, overall, we feel that it has stabilized. It's gone -- Spain has been somewhat of an outlier because of the depths of the issues there. But we're not seeing the kind of improvement that we would like to see, but I think, overall, our forecast that we have presented to you here today are based on what we, and frankly most observers, are seeing in terms of the economic activity there. I think the fact that we have held up and continued to show the kinds of yield improvements that we're doing despite that economic situation is really a tribute to the brands and the strength of those brands. But it has been a long period of disappointing economic news in Europe, and that news hasn't ended yet and, obviously, we're hoping it continues to do so.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: In that case, why don't we move to something that hopefully is a little clearer to forecast. In the press release, you gave guidance of CapEx through 2016 in aggregate of $4.2 billion. Can you walk us through the breakdown of new ship versus renovation CapEx for your existing fleet?
Brian J. Rice: Harry, if you wouldn't mind, I think it would be best if you could follow up with Ian after the call. He's got the detailed reconciliation and can certainly make sure your model covers the different categories appropriately. I will mention we have guided traditionally that our maintenance CapEx is generally in the neighborhood of around $200 million to $250 million a year. That could be slightly higher in a couple of these years due to some of the IT investments, but we've included that. And the vast majority is obviously the new ships and the revitalizations. But Ian can give you the details of that.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tim Conder.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: First of all, I apologize if I missed this in the early part here. But Celebrity, if you could maybe give us some color on how the brand's tracking with some of the new marketing initiatives there? And I know you mentioned at the investor meeting a couple of months ago that, again, you're absorbing all the capacity and the challenges related to that. But with the new marketing focus and you're further trying to differentiate that brand, give us an update, if you could. And then also, on the booking curve, if you could maybe compare and contrast North America to Europe, where that stands at this point relative to last year?
Richard D. Fain: Sure. Tim, I'll take the first part and Brian will take the second question. With respect to Celebrity, as you know, we've had significant management change there as Michael Bayley has taken over. And he has -- is actually responsible for a lot of the marketing increase that we're talking about here. And we are also at the end of Celebrity's large and rapid capital build-up with the 5 Solstice series ships. And so far, that really seems to resonate. We are looking for -- a lot of the improvement here is, in fact, coming out of the Celebrity brand, and the early indications are very good. Michael would say he's been in the job for 1.5 weeks, and so it's a little early to judge the performance, a little longer than 1.5 weeks. But the early indications are really quite promising, and that's part of what has enabled us to be projecting the kinds of yield improvements we have.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And maybe this is a derivative of that. Brian, of the marketing spend in total, roughly what's that in basis points or absolute dollars of these 3 major components?
Brian J. Rice: Well, the insurance is about 60 basis points. We didn't break out the marketing or the IT. But they're sharing, I would say, roughly equally in terms of driving the incremental expense. Tim, on your question on the booking curve, I think the U.S. is, for the most part, we would say in line with a year ago. We do have some pockets, some products where people are actually beginning to book a little bit further out, which is obviously helpful. Northern Europe, for the most part, is very consistent with what we were seeing last year, but we have seen contraction in Southern Europe. The Southern European countries are actually booking about a month close to sailing than they had been a year ago.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Richard Carter.
Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. Sorry to just keep laboring this point on Europe. You sort of confused me. But all right, saying, so, 50% of capacity is still to be booked. You're expecting flat yield in Europe. Is that sort of factored into your guidance? Is that correct? And would it be...
Brian J. Rice: Richard, I'm sorry. We said that we have sold less than 50% of Europe at this point. In aggregate, we're feeling as though we will have yield improvement in Europe this year.
Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And is that North Europe sort of flattish, just slightly up; Southern Europe, down; and West Europe, up. Is that sort of a fair assessment of...
Brian J. Rice: We haven't been that granular, but we've taken a lot of capacity out of Southern Europe. We've added capacity to Northern Europe.
Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So that would be probably a fair synopsis of potentially what could happen. And then secondly, on the marketing and technology costs, of these one-off costs, would you expect them to continue to reoccur going forward? And then just on the technology side, you talked about increasing your direct communication. Can you just say where you are relative to that? I mean, is this a new development for you or is it just building up on previous technology? And what sort of changed for you to want to go down this road? And just finally, do we expect that to come through in lower commissions going forward?
Adam M. Goldstein: Richard, this is Adam. I would say that we are in a phase that's more than a 1-year phase of ramping up investment and marketing and marketing-related technology development. That is a function both of the sort of cycles of technology investment over time, as well as the realities of being an aggressive global marketer in the 21st century and wanting to be very determined, I should say, to have successful globally oriented brands, as well as some very specifically nationalistically oriented brands that want to be preeminent in their respective markets. And so we're in a period right now where we're emphasizing that type of development. And as Brian noted earlier on the call, that means that it's incumbent upon the management team to find efficiencies and look for cost management opportunities in other areas to allow this type of investment to occur, so that we're able to drive yields on the revenue side, which is what the business is most about and what we are determined to achieve. So those are developments that are a focus for us strategically at this time. I wouldn't link the development of distribution costs to these marketing investments. The distribution around the world is in very differential states of evolution, so cruise distribution in the United States and I would say the U.K. is pretty mature. There's a lot of attention towards our products and services. Travel agents often build their economic model around what we and the rest of the industry are doing in cruising; whereas in places like China, it's a brand-new game. There really isn't cruise distribution in the way that we've known in the past in other markets, and we're trying to build that so that we can take advantage of the market's potential. So there's a lot of different factors that will propel distribution compensation independent of what we're doing with marketing and technology investment.
Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And Richard, just like to comment on something that was at the end of your question, which I think Adam addressed but I think it's worth emphasizing. Your question was kind of leading towards the extent to which these things would tend to reduce or increase our level of direct business and reduce that which goes to the distribution system. And while technology is evolving and people's use are evolving and in particular, as Adam pointed out, there's huge geographical differences. What we're really doing is trying to find better ways to communicate with our guests and with our travel agents. And the technological investments that we're talking about aren't so much focused on changing the current structure that we have today. The bulk of our business continues to come through travel agents. Travel agents are key to help people understand what cruising is all about. And particularly, as we look at growing the business, the need to do a better job of communicating with people is important, and the travel agent is particularly good at that. So I would not, in terms of your model, think in terms of this making a dramatic difference, these investments make a dramatic difference in the distribution cost in terms of commissions. What it will do is make us and the travel agents more efficient and we think provide a better way to communicate with our guests and our travel agents going forward.
Richard A. Carter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Do you think this will take you above your competitors in terms of what technology they have?
Richard D. Fain: I'm not going to make competitive comments on the call. I think we want to be -- in almost anything we're doing, we try and be the best at what we're doing. And we think that our technological investments, and they're big, will be -- will have a very good return on the investment.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just to focus on net yields a little bit. So beyond the easy compares, when you're looking at the U.S. bookings, still seem like they're very strong from what you talked about. Any color from travel agents or just from your people who are handling direct calls in terms of what's really driving the strength here?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, the travel agents are just doing whatever the business is that they're doing. And I think in the United States market, they have a general perception that the U.S. economy is coming along, that people are taking some confidence from the housing market turning into a somewhat more positive direction, that the country didn't fall over the fiscal cliff into the abyss. And the value of cruising is coming through in a good way. In this winter's booking season, we've been, I guess, reasonably fortunate with the weather patterns that have existed so far. Sometimes, it's hard to tell how much influence that has. But last winter, probably, wasn't beneficial to us in the weather respect and this year, probably more so. So there's an overall sense that it's a good time to be booking cruises, that the cruise industry and our company are bringing forward exciting and attractive products and services, both new ships and revitalization of older ships, and that the market's stability is in pretty good shape here. So there's a lot of reasons why the U.S. market would be in a relatively positive stance, and that's consistent with what we hear from the travel agents around the country.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Good. Good to hear. And then my second question is just assuming that trends continue decently and you achieve the upper end of your 2% to 4% net yield guidance, how much of the net yield growth would you expect to come from pricing versus greater utilization in the prior year?
Brian J. Rice: Greg, I think as I indicated to Sharon, we really manage within a narrow range of load factor. Unlike hotels, you don't see a lot of volatility in our yield performance based on the load factors. I think, at this point, we would look at it all to come from pricing leverage, as well as some accretion in onboard spending. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Andrea Forez [ph].
Unknown Analyst: [indiscernible] for yield guidance particularly because Q1 looks very strong given that it's your toughest comps. Because last year, I think we saw -- excluding the distribution and deployment changes, yields were up 3.5% in Q1, so your guidance implies a 2-year growth rate of around 6%. Whereas your full year yields were just up around 0.5% excluding these deployment changes, so your 2-year run rate for the full year implies just around 3.5% increase. So I was just wondering if it's just this uncertainty around Europe or there's anything else that I might be missing?
Brian J. Rice: Sure. I think part of it is driven by the product mix. In the first quarter, we had very little Europe. We actually reduced capacity in the first quarter within Europe, which did not perform too well last year. And I think as we've indicated, our brands are performing particularly well in the Caribbean. We were up, as I mentioned in my opening comments, mid-single-digits in the fourth quarter, and we're looking at just core strength within the Caribbean. I know the Royal Caribbean brand in particular, with the Oasis class ships, have done very well, and I think that's predominately why we're seeing good performance in the first quarter despite the harder comp. Okay, thank you. And we'd like to thank everyone for joining us today. And as I mentioned before, Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-ups, and we wish everyone a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian J. Rice - Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman Richard D. Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Adam M. Goldstein - Chief Executive of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International
Analysts: Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Brian H. Dobson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Assia Georgieva Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Brian D. Egger - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Stig Erik Kyrkjeeide - First Securities AS, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: : Good morning. My name is Sabrina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Rice. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian J. Rice: : Thank you, Sabrina, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which we have posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainty. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin with his comments. I will follow with a brief recap of our results and give an update on the booking environment and our forward guidance. Adam will talk about our brands, and then we'll be happy to open the call to your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: : Thanks, Brian, and thank you all for joining us today. I always enjoy this opportunity to provide an update on our business. And as you can see from our release, we have a lot of good things to talk about today. I'll start with the third quarter results, which were quite a bit better than we had anticipated when we last gave guidance in July. The strength of these quarterly results is particularly satisfying when you consider that we are still navigating an environment overshadowed by severe political and economic turmoil and the tail of the Costa Concordia effect. Fuel and foreign exchange provided a net benefit of about $0.03, and we were a few cents favorable on interest costs. But the real driver of our beat was the operating performance of the business. Revenues, especially for close-in bookings, were strong, and we exceeded our market forecast in each of our major markets, including Europe. The European market though continues to be the most puzzling market we're facing. The impact of the tragedy in Italy was obviously centered in Europe. Now that impact does continue to wane, but some of the effects still linger, and we continue to learn and be proactive in trying to recover from it. Meanwhile, the financial malaise that covers Europe remains our biggest challenge there. Southern Europe and especially Spain is weighted down by austerity and uncertainty. Actually, it's rather surprising that in light of all this, we've done so well against all these pressures. On the cost front, we've also remained focused on creating value wherever we can find it. For the year, I am pleased that on a like-for-like basis, we continue to expect the net cruise costs, excluding fuel, will increase less than 1%. Overall, it's gratifying to be increasing our full year guidance by $0.15. I think this demonstrates, in a very tangible way, the upside potential in our company when things start to go right. Looking forward, we are encouraged by what we see in our bookings. Now, of course you know, it's hard to make direct comparisons because a year ago at this time, there was no Costa Concordia effect. We were seeing good demand across the board and we were looking forward to a strong wave period. We also were not looking at the kind of economic malaise in Europe that we are seeing -- we did see. Today, we are again seeing solid early bookings, but we expect that this trend won't be hit with the same kind of issues as last year. That gives us some real comfort that we will do well compared to a 2012 wave period that faced such troubled waters. As I've said before, if this is how we're doing facing such headwinds, imagine how we'll do in a normal year. A few weeks ago, we took delivery of the fifth and the final ship in the Solstice Class, the Celebrity Reflection. The ship is gorgeous and it's actually slightly larger than the other ships in the class at just over 3,000 berths. We achieved in the increased berth count without expanding the hull by adding another guest cabin deck to the existing Solstice platform, an action that improves the flow -- the guest flow onboard, while simultaneously improving our returns from the vessel. Celebrity Reflection will be home ported in Miami during the winter and will move to the Med for our summer European season in May. Now I know the capacity additions are a very big topic of focus for the investment community so I will point out that our next new building, Sunshine I, is about 2 years away, and we have no new deliveries at all until that time. We've been very transparent about our desire to slow capacity, and we are actually keeping the demand consistent with those long-standing communications. At the same time, as we have continued to indicate, we have no intention of stagnating and we have been busy evaluating the best investments for 2016 and beyond. As this morning's release indicated, we're in discussions with the shipyards regarding an order for an Oasis-type vessel for delivery in mid to late 2016. We expect that any order would come at a lower cost per berth than either the first 2 vessels, and also that any order would include further advances in energy-efficient design. We don't have a final deal yet but we're excited about the possibilities aligned before us, and we hope to announce something reasonably soon. Given the existing Oasis sisters' positioning, with terrific guest ratings and good financial returns, this is clearly a win for both our investors and our guests. With a mid-year delivery in 2016, our 5-year capacity growth rate would still remain in the low single digits at roughly 3%. Last but not least, I'm sure you also noted that our Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend by 20% with its last declaration. This action is also aligned with our goal of improving shareholder returns and managing to investment-grade rating in the slower growth environment. With that, it's my pleasure to turn the microphone back to Brian for a more detailed recap on the booking environment and the other financials. Brian?
Brian J. Rice: : Thank you, Richard. On the second slide, we have summarized our performance for the third quarter. We generated net income of $1.68 a share, which was $0.23 above the midpoint of our guidance. Better-than-expected demand drove $0.11 of the improvement, and lower net cruise costs, excluding fuel, contributed another $0.06. About half of the reduced costs or $0.03 was due to timing shift in marketing that will be incurred in the fourth quarter. The remaining $0.06 was a result of lower interest expense and improved foreign exchange rates. Compared to last year, EPS for the quarter was down $0.14. Of this, $0.11 was due to unfavorable foreign exchange, and we had a $0.03 one-time charge this quarter related to the early extinguishment of debt that I will cover later. And while there were other differences between the 2 quarters, on balance, we were able to match last year's earnings despite the effects of the Costa Concordia incident and the continued economic turmoil in Europe. Net yields improved 0.1% on a constant-currency basis and declined 2.4% on an as-reported basis. We did receive the benefit of approximately 200 basis points on a constant-currency basis from changes in deployment in our international distribution systems that we have discussed in the past. Both ticket and onboard revenue came in better than our forecast. Ticket revenues benefited from strong close-in demand on most itineraries, including Europe. But for the quarter, yields in Europe were down 5.4%. Excluding Europe, net ticket yields were up 2.6%, which is quite gratifying, recognizing the ground we needed to make up after a weak wave season. Net onboard revenue yields increased 3.5% for the quarter, and as I mentioned earlier, came in better than our forecast. On the costs side, excluding fuel, our net cruise costs were up 2% on a constant-currency basis and down 0.2% on an as-reported basis. Approximately 220 basis points of the constant-currency increase was due to the structural changes I mentioned previously. Fuel consumption was in line with our guidance and average pricing came in about 0.5% higher. Looking forward, the demand environment has been relatively steady since our last call. Adjusting for remaining inventory, bookings over the last 3 months have been running about 4% ahead of the same period a year ago. As we stated in the press release, we expect yields in the fourth quarter to increase approximately 1%. Currently, the fourth quarter sailings, our load factors are slightly below last year but at slightly higher APDs. Caribbean itineraries, which account for 42% of our inventory in the fourth quarter, are showing the greatest strength. On the other hand, European itineraries, which account for 27% of our capacity, are forecasted to be down slightly. On Slide 3, we have provided a breakdown of our capacity allocations for 2013. Overall, capacity will increase 1.3%, with the largest increases coming in the Asia/Pacific region. Our European exposure is being reduced by approximately 10%, and Europe will now account for 27% of our product offering. Caribbean will remain our largest itinerary group and will account for 44% of our deployment. We believe it is still too early to provide specific guidance for 2013, but we do want to be transparent and share with you what we know so far. On Slide 4, we have graphed our current booked load factors for each of the next 4 quarters and illustrated how each compares to the same point in time last year. And while we have intentionally left the numbers off the axis for competitive reasons, you should be able to get a relative sense of where we stand in the selling cycle for each quarter. At first glance, there doesn't appear to be too much variance between the 2 years, but I would remind you that we are comparing next year to the order book we had before the Costa Concordia incident. At this time a year ago, we were actually quite pleased with where bookings stood. Unfortunately, the incident and the resulting soft wave period quickly changed things. We are encouraged, however, that at this point in time, 2013 as a whole is more sold than any year since 2008. On Slide 5, we have provided the same year-over-year comparison but for booked APDs. On a constant-currency basis, we are slightly ahead of the same time last year in all quarters. And for 2013 quarters, please remember, we are comparing to pre-incident levels. So in a nutshell, the last few months of booking activity have been fairly stable. Our deployment has been adjusted slightly to accommodate for the stronger markets and the early order book for 2013 is encouraging. There are still challenges in the Europe, especially Southern Europe, but solid demand from other regions appears to be more than offsetting this. On Slide 6, you will see our guidance for the fourth quarter. We expect yields to be up approximately 1% on both a constant currency and as-reported basis. As you do your calculations, you may notice that we have effectively lowered our constant-currency yield increase for the fourth quarter by about 1 percentage point. This is mainly due to rounding. However, for the sake of full transparency, I will mention we have slightly lowered our expectations for a few itineraries. The largest change is from lost revenue on an early October sailing in Asia as the result of the Japan-China conflict over the disputed islands in the East China Sea. This was really isolated to one sailing on which we sailed with about a 60% load factor. We do not expect any further impact from the situation as the ship has already left the region for the season and is currently in Australia. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to increase approximately 1% on a constant-currency basis and be flat to up 1% on an as-reported basis. The impact on both costs and yields from our deployment and international distribution initiatives is about 100 basis points each in the fourth quarter. Based on current prices, we have included $229 million of fuel expense for the quarter and we are 58% hedged. Earnings per share for the quarter are forecasted to be between a $0.02 loss and an $0.08 profit. On Slide 7, we have provided our guidance for the full year. We expect yields to improve approximately 3% on a constant-currency basis and be up 1% to 2% on an as-reported basis. Excluding the impact of the international distribution and deployment initiatives, constant-currency yields are expected to finish the year flat to up 1%. Net ticket yields for European itineraries are forecasted to finish the year down approximately 4%. Excluding Europe and the impact of the international distribution changes, full year net ticket yields for all other products combined are expected to increase almost 4%. So while Europe has obviously been a point of frustration this year, this clearly proves the benefits of our diversified business model in strong brands. Net cruise costs excluding fuel are expected to increase approximately 4% on a constant-currency basis and between 2% and 3% on an as-reported basis. Of this, approximately 350 basis points are due to the distribution and deployment initiatives. Accordingly, on a like-for-like basis, we are forecasting net cruise costs excluding fuel for the year to be flat to up 1%. Based on today's fuel prices, we have included $910 million in fuel expense for the year. We are now forecasting EPS for the year to be between $1.85 to $1.95. On Slide 8, we have provided a bridge between our July guidance and our current forecast. The midpoint of our July guidance for earnings per share was $1.75 and we have increased that by $0.15. Improved constant-currency revenues and expense reduction each drove about $0.06. The net effect of fuel and foreign exchange rates provides an additional $0.03. Now I'd like to update you on some actions we have taken related to our bond maturities in 2013 and 2014. As you know, we previously increased our revolver capacity by approximately $230 million enclosed on the delayed draw 5-year, EUR 365 million unsecured bank loan facility. Since our last update, we closed on the new $290 million unsecured term loan that matures in February of 2016. With a portion of the additional liquidity, we repurchased approximately 25% of our EUR 1 billion bond that matures in January 2014. While the repurchase will provide us with interest savings going forward, it did result in a loss of $7.5 million for the early extinguishment of debt, which we recognized in the third quarter. Finally, as you know, we have been focused on 3 strategic goals: improving our balance sheet, increasing returns to shareholders and slower prudent growth. Over the last year, we have reduced our debt levels by $1 billion. During the last quarter, we increased our dividend by 20%. And with the Oasis-type order Richard talked about for 2016, our 5-year gross CAGR is just over 3%. I believe this demonstrates how all 3 of these objectives can be delivered in a balanced and effective way. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Adam for his comments. Adam?
Adam M. Goldstein: : Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As Brian and Richard have both noted, strongly, bookings bolstered our third quarter performance and we are gratified to have exceeded our expectations of 3 months ago. Although this has been a challenging year, Royal Caribbean International continues to build a leadership position in all major cruise regions of the world. Our clear goal over the next 2 years is to leverage our increasing global presence and our slightly reduced capacity to improve yields. Our program of ship revitalization remains very active and in upcoming months will encompass Enchantment of the Seas, Serenade of the Seas, Legend of the Seas and Brilliance of the Seas. By fall 2013, all but 1 of the 10 ships in either the Vision class or the Radiance class will have been revitalized, strengthening the guest offering and the competitiveness of approximately 30% of our fleet capacity. We are now halfway through our 4-year hiatus in new builds from Allure of the Seas to the first Sunshine ship. We are still a little ways away from disclosing any of the specific features or amenities of Sunshine, but we are excited about our next class of ships and very much look forward to talking about Sunshine in more detail when the time comes next year. As you are all aware, several months ago, Michael Bayley left his position overseeing Royal Caribbean International's operation to replace Dan Hanrahan as President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises. The company immediately tapped into the talent development and succession planning work we have engaged in over last few years to fill internally the senior positions that came open as a consequence of Michael's promotion. This occurred both within and across the branded organization. As we move forward, we are very fortunate to have such an array of talents. In closing, I would like to call attention once more to the steadfast support we and the industry have received throughout 2012 from the travel agency distribution system. Travel agents around the world continue to believe in the vacations we delivered to their clients, continue to train and educate themselves on our products and services and continue to communicate the fantastic value that our cruises represent in these economically challenged times. We sincerely appreciate their support. Brian? [p id="21752398" name="Brian Rice" type="E" /> Thank you, Adam. We'll now open the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Sabrina, we are ready for questions.
Operator: : [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the lines of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: : Just a 2-part question on 2013. So as your occupancy and pricing up for 2013 and obviously, you're up against very difficult comparisons, how would you expect that to change once you lap the Concordia accident and presumably face easier comparisons?
Richard D. Fain: : Greg, I think what we're hoping for, and we're certainly seeing in the numbers, is a much more normalized year. And I think we obviously had a very soft wave season and kind of fell back. As you may recall, we did say, back in January, that when we put together our operating plans at the end of the fourth quarter of 2011 we were anticipating kind of mid-single digit yield improvement. And as I recall, we came out with a range of -- I think it was 2% to 5% when we did the January call. So we obviously felt quite a big hit from that. We're -- it -- all signs right now point toward a more normal year. And as you stated, the comparables clearly become a lot easier beginning the second week in January.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: : Right. Yes, that's helpful. And I remember you had stated earlier in the year something like a 200 basis point impact from the Concordia accident. I believe that's around the impact for 2012. And I'm wondering for 2013, do you think you'll -- how much of that do you think you would recoup this year? In 2013, how much would you recoup?
Richard D. Fain: : Well, it's tough to say. We did say back in January that we were -- we talked in the range of around 200 basis points. I just actually pulled out a sheet. And the midpoint of our guidance in February was 3%. We raised that in April mainly due to the tour company. And then as we started to see Europe deteriorated, we actually lowered the guidance back by 100 basis points. And today, we've effectively raised it back to the original forecast of around 3%. Difficult for us to really pinpoint how much of that was due to the incident, how much of that was due to a softer European economy.
Operator: : Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: : Wondering -- if we talked -- looked at third quarter for a moment, certainly, it's the least booked and therefore, you had the least visibility. But just wondering if you could help us get your early read on the U.S.-sourced business for European cruises and if you have any sense of how the European-sourced business is in that quarter. I know we have a bit of an easy comps situation versus last year, but just wondering if you can tell us what the early trends look like for that. And then also for your European deployment in 2013, if you could just provide for us how it looks in terms of the Eastern Med and Western Med, that would be great.
Brian J. Rice: : Felicia, as it relates to the third quarter, particularly Europe as you mentioned, it's very, very early, and you can see on the graph that there's not a substantial amount of business booked. I can comment on a couple of ways. We are seeing a much more normalized booking curve from the North American market. Europe, in particular Southern Europe, has had a contracted booking curve. Northern Europe has actually had a pretty normal booking curve as we look out. So it's kind of hard to comment on a market-by-market basis. I can tell you overall that Europe is shaping up reasonably well, particularly compared to what will become easier comps. At this point in time, our APDs are running better than they were a year ago but load factors are slightly behind. I think it's way too early to make a call on Europe. And fortunately, and I think Adam can build on this, we have brands that have the flexibility to be able to source from different markets.
Adam M. Goldstein: : Thanks, Brian. Yes, Felicia, one of the things that I can comment about as far as the European season that just ended without at first knowing what -- exactly what its implications are for next year is that we really were interestingly successful in attracting guests from all over the world to our European cruises. In other words, one of the ways in which we were able to respond and achieve load factor in a difficult European trading season in 2012 was not only by working hard marketing-wise in Europe and trying to attract North Americans to go to Europe, but we also had a fair amount of success getting people from Latin America and Asia to go to Europe to take those cruises. So it really was a global response to the challenges of Europe. On the capacity side, for next year, we continue to grow in Northern Europe. But I think overall, we're down about 10% as a company, '13 over '12, with a relatively larger decline in the Western Mediterranean cruises and a little bit less in the East [ph].
Brian J. Rice: : Felicia, I'll give you the breakout. Of the 27% that is Europe, the Western Med is 13%, the Eastern Med is 8%, and the Northern Europe is 6%. The Western Med is declining by 20%. The Eastern Med, which we had taken some down in 2012, as you may recall, was down another 9%. And the Baltic is up 28%.
Operator: : Our next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: : On the onboard spending, Brian, you said that obviously, both -- and that the tickets were both tracking modestly ahead of expectations, especially the closed-in ticketing. But on the onboard, just wondering if you could give a little bit of color by Europe, North America and say, maybe rest of the world, how you saw that unfold.
Adam M. Goldstein: : Tim, it's Adam. Given -- first of all, given that a lot of our capacity in Q3 was in Europe, then clearly Europe contributed to the OBR performance. It also, I should say, was manifested in both of our big brands, Royal Caribbean and Celebrity. Both had relatively strong [ph] revenue performance. And it varied -- in terms of the revenue streams, it varied quite a bit from brand to brand, ship to ship and region to region. But I would say on an overall basis, we saw some strength in gaming, in retail and in short cruises.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: : Okay. And then you really didn't call out this time that much. You've been changing some itineraries over time here. And you did not call that out this time as you have in the past as how that could impact fuel consumption year-over-year. Just maybe give us an update on that. Do you see -- looking into '13, do you see that as an incremental headwind? Or have you kind of now anniversaried with the itinerary changes and now you'll be able to sort of hone that and give a little bit of efficiencies out of fuel consumption on some of the newer developmental itineraries?
Adam M. Goldstein: : Well, we got, Tim, obviously fuel efficiencies coming from the new ships coming in. All the ships that have been coming into the Celebrity brand and the Solstice Class are wonderfully fuel-efficient ships. In terms of geography, as our ships continue to shift around the world, looking at 2013, there might be very slight upward pressure in terms of the itineraries on our overall fuel consumption. But I think in general, you can say we're in a fairly stable environment.
Operator: : Your next question comes from the line of Steven Wieczynski with Stifel Nicolaus.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: : So Brian, I guess, first of all, with the -- with that $0.06 better cost that you guys pulled out in the quarter, I know you said $0.03 would be rolled over to the fourth quarter. But that other $0.03, is that -- was that kind of broad-based? Or were there certain buckets that you guys pulled costs out than you expected?
Brian J. Rice: : Actually, I think it was pretty much across the board. We've been very focused on spend and it's a little bit here and a little bit there. I don't there's any one particular area that we would call out. I do -- we, as I mentioned, we have shifted some marketing that we expect to spend more in the fourth quarter.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: : Okay. And then again I guess this might be for Richard. I guess once you -- in '14, '15 and then if you ordered the third Oasis-class ship, you'll have a ship in '14, '15, '16, do you guys kind of -- do you have an internal type expectation in terms of where -- how many ships you eventually want to add per year? I know you have a competitor that has basically said, "We would like to build 2 to 3 ships a year." Are you guys on -- going to start to go down a path of maybe 1 per year?
Richard D. Fain: : I don't think we quite think of it in those terms. And it's always difficult because as you know, Steve, the -- 1 ship is not a smooth curve as it ends up being a step curve. I think we are looking at a slower pace than we've had in the past. I think I would have described our thoughts in that range as being more we're looking at a percentage increase. And of course, sometimes we'll do larger ships, sometimes smaller ships. But I don't think we have set a specific number. Obviously, we internally look at some stakes in the ground as to what we might do. But I think the other thing is we're fairly cautious. We don't usually announce ships. Actually, historically, we haven't announced ships until we're -- we've actually signed for them. And I think this was actually slightly unusual because we're so close, and we thought it was appropriate to get this word out as to where we were heading. But no, we don't have a specific in terms of number of ships. We're probably looking at a pace slower than we've seen. And the other thing, I guess, is obviously depends on where the return opportunity comes. Our criteria is we are really -- our real focus is getting our return to our shareholders up. And we think that when we can get a ship at a good price, we may be a little bit more opportunistic or a good opportunity, I think that's the approach. So no, we don't have a specific number that we are shooting for.
Operator: : Our next question comes from the lines of Brian Dobson with Nomura.
Brian H. Dobson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: : Guys, just 2 quick questions. First, on the ECAs, have you seen any incremental creep in fuel costs due to the change in mix between high and low sulfur fuels? And is there any update on getting any kind of offset credit for the ships you have that are already burning low sulfur fuel 100% of the time? And then, I guess, just turning back to the Oasis-class ship for a second, what kind of returns are you expecting on that ship, given that you'll have a lower per-berth cost than on the original ships?
Adam M. Goldstein: : Brian, on your first question, I should point out that while the ECA came into effect on August 1 of 2012, it isn't really until 2015 that the very much more significant burden of sulfur requirements kicks into effect. So while we are facing a somewhat extra burden of fuel cost because of the first stage of the ECA right now, and that will continue through the end of 2014, it's really not significant in the scheme of things for us and I think for the industry in general. The question is really, what more will happen as we approach 2015? Will the ECA regime stay exactly in effect as it is? Or will there be potentially some adjustments through what they call [ph] a legislative process?
Brian H. Dobson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: : Right. And then on the Oasis ship?
Richard D. Fain: : Yes on the -- we don't specify a threshold. Obviously, we think, as you pointed out, that with the lower per-berth costs, that helps. Otherwise, I think we would expect comparable kinds of operating performance from it. I think we -- 1 year or 2 ago, I think I thought 2 ships in this category would probably be the right number. But I think they have simply continued to perform so well, and it's shown such solid performance that I think that overcame our reservations.
Operator: : Your next question comes from the line of Vince Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: : I think that's me. It's Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs. Can you just talk about the close-in bookings and what that really means? And what I'm getting at is, is the close-in booking something we're going to have to live with for some period of time? Is it maybe because there's more supply out there, so consumers feel they can wait to book? And maybe just discuss, as you've discussed in the past, the pricing as you get closer to bookings and sort of what dynamic is occurring there on close-in bookings.
Brian J. Rice: : Steve, our revenue management group watches this. As you would probably appreciate at a very granular level. They're looking by market, by booking month, by itinerary, where the pockets of demand came from. You tend to -- I think when you have a strong close-in booking market, it tends to manifest itself more in the third quarter. And I think in this case, it was more the pricing leverage that we were able to realize that I think we were a little bit skeptical given the environment in Europe, in particular that we were going to benefit from that. North America is a fairly normalized booking window right now. So I don't think we're looking at a fundamental new dynamic that we have to learn to operate in. Europe, particularly Southern Europe -- it's really isolated to Southern Europe is a much more close-in booking market. But frankly, it's always been a reasonably close-in booking market. And I think one of the things our revenue management models and our analysts do a real good job of is as we're dealt a hand, we learn to play that hand fairly quickly. And I don't view this as the new environment that we're going to have to deal with, a new structure, if you will.
Operator: : Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: : A couple of questions. What -- how do you feel that Costa's current competitive position is in terms of European sailings in 2013 and some of the exotics?
Adam M. Goldstein: : Assia, it's Adam. I don't think it's fair to comment on one specific competitor. We had a tough season in Europe this year. We talked about it from a number of perspectives. Our capacity as a company in Europe is down 10% for next year. Europe is still, even with its macroeconomic challenges, a huge holiday market, bigger than the United States and full of destinations to bring people to and attractive to customers from all over the world. So our sense is that Europe will remain very interesting to us and to the industry as a cruise market in the years forward. And there will probably be a number of brands leading the way and hopefully, our brands will be foremost among them.
Assia Georgieva: : And as a segue, I guess, into my next question. Airlift has been such a big issue and I've experienced it myself. The cost of it has been up almost 30% year-on-year, it seems like. Could there be any cannibalization, given the strong Caribbean pricing environment and people going into Europe? Or is that still a place where you need to support people so they can actually afford the airlift?
Adam M. Goldstein: : As it relates to Europe, I assume you're talking?
Assia Georgieva: : Yes, yes.
Adam M. Goldstein: : Right. So about 1/4 of the customers on our European cruises came from North America. I had talked on earlier calls about our desire and intention to try to attract more North Americans to go to Europe, given the issues that were occurring in Europe that were affecting Europeans. When we look back at the season that just ended, what actually happened was that we attracted about the number of North Americans that we had originally expected to attract, but we attracted more people from Latin America and Asia, as I mentioned earlier. That kind of filled in the gap. We had -- so in summary, we thought that North Americans would help fill in the gap, but in the end, people from elsewhere in the world helped fill in the gap that occurred from Europe itself.
Assia Georgieva: : And it wasn't out of Europe, which is interesting.
Adam M. Goldstein: : Right. So we had fewer Europeans in the end when the season was said and done than we expected to have at the beginning. That's not surprising. We still were able to source predominately Europeans for the cruises. I'm just talking about what happened on the margin. It was interesting and I think a positive development for our global footprint that we were able to attract people from all over the world to go on those cruises.
Assia Georgieva: : Right. That is very interesting. And can I ask my second question? And maybe Richard can be able to help me out on this one. Shipyards' willingness to negotiate at this point, I imagine those located further south in Europe might be more willing. But the history has been more with the German and Finnish shipyards. So do you see any difference? Do you see any -- much greater willingness to be more flexible?
Richard D. Fain: : Actually it's -- ordering a ship is a very complex process and there are a lot of considerations, including what plans you -- physical drawings you already have and what's your availability of berths is, et cetera. And we are in the midst of a negotiation, and it's not final. So I hope you'll understand if I'm a little cautious about commenting. I think we have an unusual ship in the Oasis category. And it's not an easy vessel to understand and to build, but I think we are working towards the best deal we can. And I think I'm afraid I won't say much more than that on this.
Operator: : Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: : This may or may not be a question you're willing to answer at this point. But your net cruise costs have been really, really well controlled this year if you take out some of the adjustments. And looking forward to 2014 -- I'm sorry, 2013, I'm assuming there's going to be a tick-up there. Could you give any kind of initial thought process on what net cruise cost ex fuel is going to look like next year?
Brian J. Rice: : Sharon, your first instincts were correct. We're not ready to give guidance quite yet. We're working through our plans with various the brands over the next month or so. I will tell you there are -- I think, hopefully, we've demonstrated over last few years that we are very focused on costs. There are a couple of areas that we're watching right now. I think we've talked about on the capital side that we are investing in IT and trying to upgrade a lot of our systems, both shoreside and shipboard. Not all of those expenses are capitalized, so we may feel some pressure there. I think we are looking at some modest increases in insurance, but I think they'll be manageable. We do have a number of revites [ph], as Adam alluded to, over the next year, and there are costs that hit the P&L that come from there. And we're still evaluating things like food, inflation and freight, whatnot. So there are some pockets of pressure but, again, I think we have a pretty disciplined environment here that, hopefully, we can help keep this to a minimum.
Operator: : Your next question comes from the line of Brian Egger the Topeka Capital Markets.
Brian D. Egger - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: : Just a general question about, I guess, what I call price elasticity of demand for cruising. And a lot of our impression of late had been that where we've seen rebound in bookings, particularly for the European sector, it's been on the strength of some very tempting pricing impartment, to maybe sell some inventory that wasn't sold right after the Costa Concordia accident. Just curious to know in general whether or not we're beginning to see any signs of underlying demand, irrespective of pricing, start to firm a little bit now that, that accident is behind us? Or whether or not the lingering effect of the euro zone crisis is still keeping that demand picture highly elastic?
Adam M. Goldstein: : Okay. Brian, obviously, we're far away from particularly the next European season and definitely not in a position to comment on that. We can really just look backwards and ask ourselves, "What lessons did we learn from the most unusual season that we just had?" Obviously, there's a relationship between supply and demand and pricing. I think as Brian said with respect to the booking curve, I don't think we're looking at structural change going forward. It seems reasonably clear that 2012 was anomalous. It's likely to have been anomalous for good reason. But if you look back at what we did, we -- after the incident in January, at the beginning, we didn't know exactly what kind of situation we were facing. We probably held on to our pricing in Europe for a little bit longer than, in hindsight, we should have done. And the market turned out to be in a deeper trough than we would have liked, and we ended up doing more discounting in 2012 in Europe than we would have liked. That's been very clear all throughout the year on these calls and in our numbers. But I don't think we've seen anything that changes the long-term fundamentals of supply and demand and price. And, if anything, the continued investments that we're making in our revenue management tools should be very helpful to us going forward.
Operator: : Your next question comes from the line of Erik Kyrkjeeide with Swedbank First Securities.
Stig Erik Kyrkjeeide - First Securities AS, Research Division: : In the quarter, you had previously indicated that you were not scared by the consensus earnings per share estimate of around $3 at the time of entering 2012. And now that you say that you trend slightly ahead of where you were last year. If pricing and load factors are overall the same and they continue to be so over the next couple of months, are there any other items, generally speaking, that we should be aware of? Or does the fuel utility [ph] occurs that will significantly impact a potential rebound to that $3 in earnings per share for next year? Maybe that's for you, Brian.
Brian J. Rice: : Erik, I think we're clearly not prepared to give an EPS guidance for next year. We're even obviously reluctant to talk too specifically about where yields are headed. I think there's a lot of unknown. Europe, we got through this quarter pretty nicely, but Europe is still a very large unknown next year. And as you can see on the graphs we showed, we still have a whole lot of inventory to sell. And 25% of our revenue comes from onboard and we haven't had the first voyage in 2013 yet. So clearly, revenue is the #1 item that we watch on for where we think our performance might be for next year. Fuel is obviously the other -- the second most variable item that is out there. And I think in most of the analyst models that we see out there, those are the 2 that are going to drive the EPS most, the variability.
Richard D. Fain: : And Erik, I don't recall actually your comment about the $3 or any other specific number. But I think we normally don't give guidance and give more harder numbers until we begin to see the wave period start. And as we said earlier in this call, a big uncertainty and a big factor in how the year progresses is really the third quarter because the European summer is so important to our overall results. And because with the economic situation in Europe, we have more uncertainty about how that part of the year will come together than other parts. And that's been a consistent pattern that we've had for many years. So I think we would Adam -- sorry, Brian has pointed out the key variables. But I think we would wait until we begin to see the wave period and that gives us a little better indication of how the year is developing.
Stig Erik Kyrkjeeide - First Securities AS, Research Division: : Okay. Just a second, if I can. Is the visibility now approaching or even touching the levels that we saw prior to the financial crisis? For example, the booking window?
Brian J. Rice: : We -- well, I mentioned in my opening comments that our order book for 2013 is better today. The percentage of our inventory sold is better for 2013 than it's been in any year since 2008. So it is the best visibility we've had since the financial crisis. I think we're still slightly below where we would have been before the financial crisis. The booking windows in most markets, as I mentioned, seems to be normalizing with the exception of Southern Europe at this point.
Operator: : Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: : I wonder -- there's a lot of moving parts with your guidance. So I just want to confirm if I'm looking at this right, that it looks like most of the kind of 50-basis-point raise in yield guidance is really coming from that kind of deployment change in Asia and the Pullmantur -- the tour change, the distribution change. Is that sort of moving piece, it looks like what's driving the yield revision for the most part?
Brian J. Rice: : Well, the revision from the April guidance -- I'm sorry, the July guidance that we gave is really driven by the third quarter performance, which we commented was pretty much across all the major itinerary groups. And it was just strength in the close-in demand. I mentioned in my comments that we had taken a slight haircut on the constant currency in the fourth quarter, with the largest single issue being that one voyage over in Asia. So I don't think there has been a tremendous amount of change since we gave the July guidance, other than Q3 came in stronger than we thought pretty much across the board.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: : But on your change in full year yield guidance, it like looks like, just going through the numbers that you provided in the release, that on a full-year basis, your yields are up because of the deployment and tour, that kind of net piece of the business. Is that correct?
Brian J. Rice: : On a constant-currency basis, it's really being driven by third quarter better onboard revenue, better ticket revenue. There's really nothing more, nothing less to it than that. Asia did well in the third quarter, but so did our other itineraries relative to our July guidance.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: : Okay. And then in terms of the commentary about new ship orders, I don't think that you guys talked about TUI, which I think you have an option that expires in the next couple of days. And so I don't know if you have any further thoughts on that.
Richard D. Fain: : You're right. We didn't talk about it specifically. Again, we have followed a pattern normally of not talking about things till we actually confirm them. But you are correct. There is an option for a second BlueMotion vessel in Finland, which expires on October 31. And I don't think we would -- I think consistent with our past practice, we wouldn't comment on that. But we would -- as I say, the only reason we're talking about the Oasis -- the potential Oasis order is because we are so close. That is something that's actually been in the press and we just felt given all the circumstances, we should deviate slightly from our normal practice and -- because we are so close.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: : So we'll have to wait 5 days to hear.
Richard D. Fain: : Sorry, Robin. Yes.
Brian J. Rice: : Robin, if I can just also just mention, with TUI, that's not a consolidated entity. We view that as less impactful in terms of our individual performance.
Richard D. Fain: : But I think we can also say, as I think we said on the last call when that question -- similar question was raised, although then it wasn't 5 days away, it was 3 months away. TUI continues to perform very well. TUI Cruises has just had a very strong performance, both in terms of guest satisfaction and in terms of results. And so we're certainly happy about the BlueMotion 1 order that we have. And you can draw whatever conclusions you wish about BlueMotion 2 5 days in advance.
Operator: : Your next question comes from the line of Ian Rennardson for Jefferies.
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: : 2 questions for you, please. You talked earlier about not looking at a specific number of ships, but thinking about a percentage in terms of the capacity increase, and talked about a 3% for the 5-year CAGR. Is that sort of the number we should work with sort of as an ongoing basis? Second question, you went out of your way to thank the travel agents for their support. What percentage of your sales is now through travel agents? And how is that changing? And how do you expect it to change?
Richard D. Fain: : I'll answer the first part of that then I'll ask Adam to address the second. Although I'm glad you pointed it out because the travel agents are so key to our business. I think it's appropriate for us to continue to express our appreciation for what they do for us everyday. On the numbers, as I said -- as you pointed out, I said that we focus more on percentages rather than individual ships. But I also would like to emphasize that we look opportunistically for what's happening in the market, both the market for ships and the market for the product that we are using those ships. And so we do not have a threshold number that we're looking for x percent. We are clearly looking for lower percentage increases than we have historically. But we -- we are not in a position to quantify that more specifically. I think I'll ask Adam to answer the other question.
Adam M. Goldstein: : Yes, Ian, the approximate percentage of our business that is coming directly to us and not through an intermediary, is high-teens to 20%. And therefore, travel agents clearly are playing a vital role in our success, in our growth and in our ability to reach consumers around the world and we'll continue to do that for the foreseeable future.
Ian Rennardson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: : Okay. So no real moves towards the Internet as yet?
Adam M. Goldstein: : The Internet has a small role that it plays in our business for booking. But the much, much more important role of the Internet in our world is for information both for travel agents and consumers, which actually improves the travel agent consumer discussion because the consumers are able to be more educated when they enter into those conversations.
Operator: : The next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: : I had a question on sort of CapEx timing with the reflection now in the rearview mirror. I think there was expected to be a pretty big drop-off for next year. I think the last number you guided to in terms of CapEx for 2013 was $600 million. I guess my question is twofold. A, does that change at all based on the Oasis announcement for 2016? And either way, should we expect a pretty big drop-off in capital spending from the fourth quarter to the first quarter? And if so, should we just assume that, that's -- we're going to see a commensurate buy-down of your debt? Or are there other cash considerations we should consider?
Richard D. Fain: : No. As we -- as the new ships slow down, there is less CapEx. Those are the big -- by far, the biggest expenditure. There'd be a slight bump up assuming we complete the Oasis order for the installment payments, et cetera. The other big items beyond just sort of normal sort of continuing stuff is the IT revitalization and the revitalizations of the vessels, which is something that we've been doing. And actually is quite -- we're quite excited about, so I'm glad you gave me an opportunity to talk about it. So we're using coined words for them. We are Solsticizing the older ships and Oasis-izing the older ships. I didn't say the words are easy to pronounce. And so those allow us to take some of the new, exciting features from the new ships and bring them to the old. But those are the other big expenditures. And then the numbers that we've given you, incorporate all of those expected expenditures as of today, except Oasis -- the new potential order for Oasis and the BlueMotion 2 vessel is not part of -- because it's not consolidated, would not be included in those numbers.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: : Great. And just real quick follow-up here. Post your debt repurchase...
Richard D. Fain: : I'm sorry. Brian is correcting me.
Brian J. Rice: : I just -- our contribution of the progress payments for BlueMotion are in our disclosures, but just our part.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: : Got it. And just on the interest expense side, you bought back a bunch of debt in the quarter. How does that change the interest expense guidance for the year? And how should I just think about the run rate as we look forward to next year?
Brian J. Rice: : There was a onetime charge in the third quarter of about $7.5 million because we bought the bonds back at a premium to par. I think the run rate on a quarterly basis going forward is just about $2 million of benefit from what we bought down.  With that, we'll thank everybody for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, Ian will be around to take your calls. And we appreciate you joining us today and wish you a great day. Thank you.
Operator: : This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian J. Rice - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard D. Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Adam M. Goldstein - Chief Executive of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International
Analysts: Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Assia Georgieva James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC Brian D. Egger - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael Kass
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sabrina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Brian Rice. You may begin, sir.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Sabrina, and good morning. I'd like to thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. Joining me here in Miami are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which we have posted on our website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will start with his comments. I will follow with a brief recap of our results and give an update on the booking environment and our forward guidance. Adam will talk about our brands, and then we will open the call to your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thanks, Brian, and thank you all for joining us this morning. As always, I look forward to this opportunity to discuss our business. I'd like to start my comments, though, this morning by noting that for a very long time, we have always had exactly the same people in this room. But today, for the first time in about 6 years, there's a difference. As you know, Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of our Celebrity Cruises line, is leaving us to assume the reigns at Regis Corporation as their CEO. We extend to him our best wishes, while at the same time knowing that his leadership will be missed. Fortunately, as is the trait of any strong leader, Dan has not only built a terrific brand, but he's built a strong bench of leadership that provides great depth of talent, one that will seamlessly continue to provide the exceptional experiences that our guests at Celebrity Cruises come to expect. We anticipate announcing a successor for Dan in the near future. Turning to the business environment, 2012 is certainly living up to its billing as an interesting year. We knew that the Concordia grounding would hurt us in the short run, and that expectation unfortunately has proven very accurate. Fortunately, our other expectation, that the -- i.e. that the impact would wane over time has also proven to be accurate. And also fortunately, most of our markets continue to perform well despite a very challenging economy. The Caribbean continues to perform nicely and in a very solid manner. Alaska is holding up reasonably well, even having as comparable the record yields that we enjoyed last year. In Asia, revenue yields are making us feel exceptionally good, despite the fact that we have an 80% capacity increase. In Asia, we are seeing some of the largest regional increases in our company's history. Part of this is due to easy comps from last year, but most of it is simply due to better penetration in areas with better economies. The bummer, of course, is Europe. We all knew there were challenges there, but we had not anticipated either the severity of the financial crisis or the roller coaster ride that the politicians and the media have precipitated. And, of course, the Concordia impact there has been the greatest and the slowest to dissipate. These European pressures have outweighed all the good news for the rest of the world and is driving our yield guidance down by about 1%. As we reported in our release, we're working hard to offset those changes with cost reductions wherever possible. Of course, all of us feel frustrated over the combination of Europe's economic malaise, together with the impact of the cost of the Concordia tragedy. They have hurt us in what should have been exciting improvements in our returns. But regardless of these setbacks, we'll continue to focus our energy on controlling costs and improving pricing, the primary drivers of improving returns. We've had glimpses of the fruit that these initiatives can bear, as our yield improvements prior to the Arab Spring last year and the Concordia financial meltdowns this year were exceptionally promising. So we know we're on the right track, and we're making the proper structural decisions for the future. But we, like so many others, are frustrated by these barriers. Having acknowledged this, we've remained exceptionally bullish on our industry and with our brands in particular. As I've said before, we've shown how resilient we are as a company and as an industry. Looking forward, we're not relying on too much economic improvement to drive our earnings. Our plan has been to improve pricing mainly through lower capacity growth, complemented by global expansion of demand, smarter use of technology and deployment optimization. Again, as I referenced earlier, these initiatives are working, and I am quite confident that with a little breather from these outside events, the platform we have built will generate the returns that we must have. With that backdrop in mind, we're faced with an interesting dichotomy: frustration with our current returns and a long-term conviction of significant pricing potential in an era of reduced capacity growth. We have been transparent about our intent to slow berth growth, and we have done so drastically. From 2012 through 2016, our berth capacity growth is less than 3%, and in fact, we don't have any ship deliveries in 2013 at all. But as we said before, we also can't stagnate. Given the long lead time for a new vessel, we're approaching the point where a new order could not be delivered until the middle to late 2016, by which time, we will be enjoying much better profitability and much improved credit metrics. We continue to make strong progress towards our goal of investing great results, and we are determined to continue on that path. On the cost front, I'm pleased with our management's responsiveness to the current environment. This is not an easy task or a short-term challenge, but it is one we are determined to pursue aggressively. With that, I'd like to turn the call back to Brian for a more detailed discussion of results looking forward.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Richard. On the second slide, we have summarized our performance in the second quarter. We incurred a net loss of $3.6 million or $0.02 per share. This included a below-the-line mark-to-market loss on our WTI fuel options of $0.05 per share, for which we do not get hedge accounting. So on an adjusted basis, we had a net profit of $0.03 a share or slightly better than the midpoint of our previous guidance. Net yields improved 4.5% on a constant currency basis and 1.8% on an as reported basis. Approximately 280 basis points of the constant currency improvement came from the distribution and deployment changes we talked about back in February. So on a like-for-like basis, our yields were up 1.7% for the quarter. Overall, second quarter ticket revenue on a constant currency basis was slightly better than our forecast, driven by strong closed-in demand for our Asian products. Yields in the Caribbean were up just over 7%, and yields in Asia more than doubled from the depressed levels seen a year ago after the Japan earthquake. As we expected, yields were down year-over-year in Europe. Onboard revenue increased modestly in the second quarter, but not as much as we had seen in the first quarter and less than we had forecasted. On the cost side, excluding fuel, our net cruise costs were up 8.3% on a constant currency basis and up 5.8% on an as reported basis. Approximately 600 basis points of this increase was due to the structural changes I mentioned previously. Looking forward, with the notable exception of Europe, the overall demand environment has been relatively consistent with our earlier expectations. Over the past couple of months, bookings have been running slightly ahead of this time last year from both Europe and North America. We have seen a shift to a closer end booking window in key European source markets, particularly those in Southern Europe. The booking window for North America and most other non-European countries is largely the same as it was at this time last year. Now I would like to walk you through a series of slides that I think will help illustrate the different behaviors we are seeing for bookings in the second, third and fourth quarters. This is much more granular than we usually provide, but I am hopeful the additional transparency will help you better understand the current demand environment. On Slide 3, we have graphed the evolution of both our load factors and average per diems for the second quarter as compared to last year. The green line shows that our booked load factors were slightly behind a year ago as of the time of our last earnings call. On the other hand, booked APDs on a constant currency basis, which are represented by the red line, were slightly ahead of the same time last year. As the quarter progressed, you can see we were able to close the load factor deficit with very little change in our year-over-year pricing. On Slide 4, we have provided the same chart but for the third quarter. As of the date of our last earnings call, similarly to the second quarter, load factors were trailing a year ago, but booked APDs were higher. The load factor deficit was slightly higher than in the second quarter, mainly due to the lost bookings during the WAVE period, especially for European itineraries. You can see that while we have made up many of these bookings over the last couple of months, the discounting required to drive the demand has been significant, and our booked APDs are now lower than a year ago. On Slide 5, we have broken out the pricing portion of the chart by product for the third quarter. Clearly, Europe has required the most discounting, and we now expect European yields to be down for the year. Alaska has seen some price reductions recently, but considering last year was a record year for Alaska, the overall story is still pretty good. On a more positive note, our Caribbean itineraries and the balance of our product line have seen a relatively stable environment and continue to perform better than a year ago. The impact of Europe is expected to be felt the most in the third quarter, where European itineraries account for 53% of our capacity. The fourth quarter is yet another story. On Slide 6, you can see that as of the time of our last call, both load factors and APDs were running ahead of the same time last year. For the last few months, bookings have been rather stable, and with only 28% of our inventory in the more volatile European itineraries, we are hopeful to return to yield improvement in the fourth quarter. On Slide 7, you will see our guidance for the third quarter. We expect yields to be down 1% to 2% on a constant currency basis and down approximately 5% on an as reported basis. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to increase approximately 3% on a constant currency basis and be flat to up 1% on an as reported basis. Embedded in our third quarter guidance is approximately 130 basis points of benefits to yields from the previously disclosed distribution and deployment initiatives. Approximately 230 basis points of the net cruise costs, excluding fuel, increase in the quarter relates to these same initiatives. Based on current prices, we have included $213 million of fuel expense for the quarter, and we are 56% hedged. Earnings per share are forecasted to be between $1.40 and $1.50 for the quarter. On Slide 8, we have provided our guidance for the full year. We expect yields to improve between 2% and 3% on a constant currency basis and between flat and up 1% on an as reported basis. Approximately 200 basis points of the yield improvement is due to the structural changes. So on a constant currency basis, we are looking for like-for-like performance of flat to up 1%. While our yield projections remain within the range we provided both in early February and in April, we have lowered the midpoint slightly. This reduction is due entirely to the performance of European itineraries. In fact, if we exclude European itineraries, our ticket yields for the year are expected to be up between 5% and 6% on a constant currency basis. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to increase approximately 4% on a constant currency basis and approximately 2% on an as reported basis. Of this, approximately 350 basis points are due to the international distribution and deployment initiatives. On a like-for-like basis, we are projecting net cruise costs, excluding fuel, to be flat to up 1% or about 100 basis points lower than in April. Based on today's fuel prices, we have included $899 million in fuel expense for the year, and we are 58% hedged. We are now forecasting EPS for the year to be between $1.70 and $1.80. On Slide 9, we have provided a bridge between our April guidance and our current forecast. The midpoint of our April guidance was for earnings per share of $1.95, and we have reduced that by $0.20. The lower revenue expectations, driven by Europe, account for a $0.32 reduction. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar has cost us about $0.13, but this has been mainly -- mostly offset by lower fuel costs. As I previously mentioned, the mark-to-market accounting for our fuel options cost us $0.05 below the line, and our across-the-board spend reductions have saved us about $0.19. Lastly, I would like to take a moment and bring you up to speed on our recent refinancing actions. As many of you know, we have some bond maturities coming up in 2013, and we have been proactive getting ahead of these. We have worked hard to avoid as much negative carry as possible while removing refinancing risk. First, we increased our revolver capacity by approximately $225 million. We also closed on a delayed draw, 5-year, EUR 365 million syndicated bank loan facility. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Adam for his comments. Adam?
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As you have heard this morning, second quarter business conditions remained solid in the Caribbean and certainly were challenging in Europe. Asia, while still a small share of overall revenue, performed well. Voyager of the Seas' entry into China was well-received, and we are excited about the prospect of offering Voyager class cruising in Asia for the rest of this year and beyond. Yields were positive on most products, but this progress was partially offset by the decline in Europe yields. In general, we find we are able to source late business where needed. While we would prefer not to have to engage in the level of discounting we have had to do in Europe, we continue to demonstrate our ability to fill ships even in difficult market conditions. We are able to attract both first-time and repeat cruisers with tactical efforts, but our percentage of repeat cruisers is slightly elevated in comparison to prior years. It's not surprising that in more challenging times, experienced cruisers, who viscerally comprehend the value of our products, will gain share of our mix. It is premature for us to comment on 2013 bookings. However, I will note a couple of strategic aspects of the upcoming year. First, Royal Caribbean International will decrease in capacity by 4% in 2013. Our growth trajectory will not resume until we take delivery of the first Sunshine ship in late 2014. The overall year-over-year growth for the company in 2013 will be up by just over 1%. Second, since the last earnings call, we announced the redeployment of Mariner of the Seas to China next year. With Mariner's reassignment and other deployment changes, the result will be a large increase in our Asia and Australia capacity, a small increase in our Caribbean capacity and decreased capacity in Europe. Specifically, with respect to Europe, the company, overall, will have 10% less capacity in Europe in 2013. Moving to onboard revenue in the second quarter, the year-over-year spend was slightly up. A number of onboard areas contributed to the positive momentum, offset by a year-over-year decrease in gaming spend. In addition to Americans spending more on a year-over-year basis, we continue to improve our ability to generate higher onboard spend from guests than many of our priority markets. On the other hand, we saw a decreased year-over-year spend from guests from the major Southern European markets. Richard and Brian both noted that we have managed to offset some of the decrease in expected revenues with additional cost savings. We continue to focus on cost control even as we expand globally and generate our highest guest satisfaction ratings in recent years. Given a highly competitive environment, vis-à-vis other cruise competitors and myriad land vacations, we intend to strengthen our product offering even as we manage our cost slightly. Brian?
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Adam. We'd now like to open the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Sabrina, if we could open the call for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You have a question from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. So I do have a few questions, one on bookings, but first, I guess, on capacity. It sounds as if you're likely to order another ship in the next 3 months or so or maybe by year-end in order to get something by 2016. So I wonder if you could give us a little color on what your thoughts are strategically about what that ship -- any sort of thoughts on the brand or size, that kind of thing.
Richard D. Fain: Robin, Richard here. That's -- it's a broad question. I think we clearly are looking at that sort of thing. I don't think we're in a position to be specific about it. I think what we're looking at is, we see that even in this market, we could get some very attractive returns from some of our vessels that have performed well. And we do see both the better performance in terms of revenue, the lower cost and a better fuel consumption from some of our ships. And so, yes, we are looking at some possibilities. As I indicated though, in today's market, you couldn't get a ship before 2016 anyhow. So it's a ways off in the future. But we are looking at the kinds of ships that are, even in today's world, generating nice returns.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then the question on bookings. If I'm reading the charts right -- and thank you for the granularity, the detail you're giving in the booking charts. It's very helpful. Just looking at the sort of hole that still needs to be filled for Q3 in terms of load factor. I guess, how should we think about -- I assume -- I guess we think that there will be more discounting ahead then to fill that. Or -- has Q4, if I'm looking at the chart right, are you actually -- it's looks like you're ahead in load factor in Q4. I guess I'm just trying to get some color on how do we know that the promotional environment won't continue past Q3 if we've got more discounting ahead?
Brian J. Rice: Robin, I'll comment; I don't know if Adam wants to add anything from his perspective. But clearly, Europe has required more discounting, I think as you saw in the slide, than we had projected. We knew that we were going to have to stimulate the market to some degree and had assumed that we'd have some pricing deterioration in Europe for the third quarter, but it was more pronounced than we expected. Alaska, we've seen a little more discounting in the market than we expected. But as I mentioned in my comments, we're very close to matching the record yields that we had a year ago. I think we feel as though we have a pretty good handle now on Europe for what it's going to take in the third quarter. As we get to the fourth quarter, Europe becomes much less important to us, and we shift more of our capacity share to the Caribbean that, we had seen in the second, third and fourth quarter, the Caribbean pricing has held up pretty well. We are running for Q4, we are ahead on both load factor and APD today. I think if you extrapolate from our guidance that we are looking at modest yield improvement in the fourth quarter on a constant currency basis, it would be low single digits. And we think that the order book that we have in place and what we've seen from an elasticity perspective, that those are good numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So just kind of along those lines, if we just try to think about -- you have your load factors year-over-year on the charts, and that's pretty clear. But if we look at historical booking trends, third quarter, you're usually 85% to 95% booked, fourth quarter, 50% to 75% booked. How are you -- how was your business in each of those quarters relative to those historical guidelines?
Brian J. Rice: We would be within the ranges that you're mentioning. For Q3, we're obviously behind where we would normally be at this time, and for Q4, we're doing a little bit better than we would have expected. It's interesting we -- what we're seeing from a load factor perspective is somewhat consistent with what we experienced during the WAVE period and through the second quarter, where most of the gap that was created in booking activity in the post-Concordia environment really related to the second and third quarter. As we mentioned back in February, we really weren't seeing much of an impact on the longer-term bookings. I believe we even commented that Q4 and Q1, albeit at very small volumes, they were maintaining their pace quite well. And I think as you can see from the graph that we provided, Q4 has held up that way since the April call.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then, I meant to throw in there Q1. Are you -- did you -- I don't think you gave any color on Q1 yet.
Brian J. Rice: No, we were purposely being somewhat evasive about 2013 at this point, just not getting ahead of ourselves. But our order book is solid at this point, our load factors are running ahead of a year ago.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. If I'd wrapped that into that other question, that would have been one. So can I ask one more quick one?
Brian J. Rice: Sure.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Just -- you guys talked about the cost reductions that are going to help offset some of the revenue declines. So I'm just wondering if you could just give us some examples of what you're doing.
Adam M. Goldstein: I don't know that there's -- this is Adam, Felicia. I don't know if there's anything, any one thing that's so notable that it jumps out. We have noted over the last several years where there has been sort of ongoing macroeconomic challenge that our constant intent is to make efficiency gains that do not affect the quality of the product that the guests experience. And also, we, of course, have been expanding our global footprint from a sales and marketing and deployment standpoint. So it really is a lot of attention to small changes in cost of the margin and which would affect net cruise costs, x fuel, and then at the same time, doing everything within our power to try to minimize fuel costs, which, of course, have no benefit for the guests.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So Brian, you talked about the booking window in Europe, and you said that is contracting some. Is there any way to break that out versus kind of Northern Europe versus Southern Europe? Or is that too hard to do?
Brian J. Rice: I think what we would say is that we've seen more contraction in the booking window in Southern Europe than we have in Northern. Northern has held up better. I think the closer -- the Southern European economies are clearly the ones that are on the radar, and I think we're seeing a little more of a lingering impact from the incident back in January, the closer you get to the epicenter.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Got you. And then a bigger-type question, I guess maybe it might be more for Adam. But the decrease in capacity in Europe in '13, I mean, clearly, you guys are trying to move out of that market. Is it more, you think the market is going to be impaired for a couple of years? Or is it something where you think there's better opportunities in other parts of the world?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, clearly, we feel that there are opportunities in the Asia Pacific region that are emerging for our company and certainly the Royal Caribbean International brand. That is an effort that we've had in place for several years that's beginning to bear fruit; would have borne fruit in 2011, but for the situation that unfolded in Japan. And the China market is beginning to catch on to cruising as a preferred vacation type. I believe a number of people in China refer to Voyager of the Seas, which is there now, as the "Asia super boat". And so we are moving, in a measured manner, capacity there. Next year, that takes place in the form of Mariner of the Seas going there replacing Legend of the Seas, which is, of course, an uptick in capacity, and will leave us with 2 Voyager class ships in the region. We pointed out during this call in a number of different ways that the Caribbean remains solid for us. And we've made certain adjustments, for example, Royal Caribbean International would be back to offering a year-round San Juan-based product, which has been successful for us over time. And we'll resume that. But I want to make sure that people understand that even with a 10% decrease in the company's capacity in Europe next year, that still keeps Europe as an important, strategic element in our deployment program and in our company's assessment of market opportunities. Even with Europe's difficulties, it's this tremendous size of vacation market and a lot of opportunities to go on cruises nearby. So we are changing things at the margin in the direction of Asia Pacific and to some degree, in the direction of North America. But it's still our intent to do profitable business in Europe as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Richard, you mentioned earlier that you're running at 3% sort of long-term supply growth, but it now looks increasingly likely that GDP, especially in Western economies, are going to be maybe even 1 to 2 percentage points lower than that. So maybe supply should be even lower than that 3%, especially as you've now noted that low supply does create some pricing power. So I just wanted to know sort of what you're -- is that 3% going to 1%, 1.5% over a longer-term view? Or is that 3% where you want to keep it?
Richard D. Fain: Yes. Steven, what I actually mentioned was our -- specifically, our growth rate over that period was a little under 3%. I think -- of course, one of the things that happens with cruise capacity is, it's not a continual curve. You don't say, "I want 2.38%", because the ships come in large increments. And so getting it smooth and getting it precise within a percent or so -- it frankly isn't the way we look at it. The other thing I would emphasize is, in terms of the market, we're not dealing with an existing market that is growing, although that is happening in, for example, United States or in Europe. A lot of what we are doing with our capacity is shifting it to new markets, and in essence, opening up new demand. So, for example, this year, Adam talked about moving the Voyager of the Seas from Europe to Asia, and particularly, China. That was -- that actually brought down our capacity in the existing markets. And the Voyager this year and the Mariner next year, those are going into entirely different markets that essentially didn't exist before. So to relate to your comparison, which I think is an interesting one, I would actually say you ought to look at what we're doing with, in effect, the existing market, which is growing -- which is either pretty flat or only slightly growing, as opposed to taking capacity out of those markets and moving them into what's proving to be a very exciting Asian market. So I think that's the way we are looking at it. But I also would emphasize, we're not just focusing -- we're not going to get it accurate within 1% or 2%.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, I guess the only reason I want to come back to you on that is because just recently, Carnival noted that New Zealand and Australia were showing some weakness because of oversupply. And Europe, just a few years ago, was viewed as the big, hot new market and then it got overbuilt. So I'm just concerned that as you move some of the supply into Asia, we just sort of repeat that pattern, and that's maybe why that supply growth overall needs to calm down.
Richard D. Fain: Well, I think there is no question that we, like any other industry -- you do have cycles and you have times when you do too much into an area. And we have said that we think the lower capacity growth will be a driver of demand -- sorry, a driver of increased rates. So we think that's a good trend to go in. But, for example, you talk about Europe. It wasn't that we overwhelmed Europe. Frankly, it was that Europe suffered 2 calamities that we really didn't anticipate. We did not anticipate the unfortunate tragedy in Italy. We didn't anticipate the financial and capital markets meltdown in Europe, and we didn't anticipate the Arab Spring. And so I think in those cases, it is a question that the market actually changed, and I'm not sure we'll ever be able to anticipate those things. We do have -- you mentioned Australia and New Zealand, and that's true, because those markets have been so robust that we probably, as an industry, put too much into them. And I'll actually come back to something Adam said. It's not doing -- it's not growing as quickly as it did and it's not getting the kind of rate increases, but it's still getting very robust rates. So I don't regret having more capacity in a market that is getting very robust rates, but those rates may be stable instead of going up. So I think that's the overall way we're looking at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just as it relates to somehow trying to put some quantification on what would be go-forward next year in Europe. Brian, you very, very distinctly called out, and so does Carnival, that the majority of the impact has been in the second and the third quarters, and then you're seeing that in the charts that you guys have. And by the way, thank you for those also and for the additional verbal color on everything. But if you look at those and you look at the adjustments, can you -- and I know it's a very difficult question. Can you somehow say, "Okay, we believe we're starting to get some normalization, post-Concordia" from that aspect alone? Anything you can give along that line, Brian.
Brian J. Rice: Tim, I think it's very premature to try to speculate how Europe is going to recover. I can -- I'll give you a couple of statistics we have. For 2013, I'll give you the percentage of our capacity that is in Europe by quarter. It's 1% in Q1; it's 31% in Q2; it's 49% in Q3; 24% in Q4; and the overall is 27%, which is down from 30% this year. I think we are seeing in Europe a gradual healing, I think, from the incident in Italy. The economy is still -- depending on what day you listen to the news reports, we're going into a depression in Europe. In other days, they're feeling very good. Like today, the euro had a nice pop this morning because they think that they're going to support the euro. I can tell you that we do a lot of price shopping, as I know all of you do. I think on average, we're seeing the pricing above the current levels for next year but lower than they were back in the beginning of January. I think -- the base of business is -- we're -- on a load factor perspective, we're doing a little bit better in Europe right now than we were a year ago with tough comparables. [Indiscernible], a good part of that is probably driven by the capacity reductions, but I think it's just way too early to speculate. I think it's really going to probably be until we get into the WAVE season that we're going to have a pretty good handle on what we're going to see in Europe next year.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. That's definitely helpful. And then, I guess, just a little bit specific color on Pullmantur. How is that going? I know that's part of the itinerary in overall deployment-related changes there. But how is that, specifically, within the context of a very challenged European environment?
Richard D. Fain: Very challenged. You're absolutely right. Spain, of course -- we've talked about 2 things that are impacting Europe, Tim; we've talked about the impact of the tragedy in Italy, and we've talked about the impact on the economy. And both impact Spain, and particularly, it's probably bigger on the economic side. Spain is clearly one of the most challenged economies in Spain. And that is the euphemism, I think, we all use because it is really a very difficult economic environment. And so it is one of the biggest sufferers within our fleet. Having said that, I think the management of Pullmantur has done an outstanding job of dealing with a very difficult situation, and they have done that both by positioning themselves better within Spain but also by shifting a lot of their capacity out. So Pullmantur, for example, has gone from -- I think it was 87% Spanish customer base to now closer to 40% Spanish customer base, as they shift demand to places like South America and Brazil. But unfortunately, if there's one particularly painful area and one that looks like it's -- may be with us for a while, I would have to say the Spanish economy fits that bill.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: For North American source passengers, just over the last month or so, kind of any color on the change in trend of those passengers going to Europe and maybe if there's any airfare impact on those bookings.
Adam M. Goldstein: Greg, it's Adam. We certainly have heard a fair amount anecdotally and from certain travel agents, and to some degree, from the packaged tour sector about higher European airfares being an impediment to American travelers going to Europe. I think on the last call, I mentioned that one of the options that we have, because we're marketing at a high level in both North America and Europe, is that to the extent that European customers might not buy our cruise products in Europe as aggressively, then we could market more to North Americans and to some degree, fill in. And so notwithstanding the anecdotal stories about high airfares as an impediment, in fact, the percentage of our customers on our European cruises in 2012 that are coming from North America will be a few percentage points higher than what they were last year or what we had originally expected them to be. It's not a seismic shift, but it is slightly higher, which means that notwithstanding whatever the airfare impediments have been, we have, in fact, been able to get some additional help from North America with the various challenges that we face in Europe.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. No, that's helpful. And I'm just wondering if over the last month or 2, there was any change in that trend.
Adam M. Goldstein: I don't think that there has been a notable change in that trend. We mentioned earlier that we've been able to drive late business in Europe, albeit at discounted rates. And that is primarily a function of European sourcing. So that's probably more where the action is at the moment.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. And my second question, just from European-source business, just -- and again, if you look over the last month or 2, the change in trend, is it Southern Europe that softened a little bit or is it also Northern Europe or is it broad-based?
Adam M. Goldstein: The only trend that I would note -- I don't even know if it's fair to call it a trend. It was a big question as to whether we would see significant late booking business in Europe from the European countries as we headed into July, August for the sailings that are occurring in August, September, October. And what we see is that we are in fact able to drive the late business at good volume. Clearly, not at the rates we would like to be commanding for these products, but we are able to drive the business. So that is coming from actually all European-source markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Katz with MorningStar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Maybe you can talk just a little bit about how you guys think about your hedging strategy. And has it changed at all, with respect to at least currency and the volatility in oil prices in recent months?
Brian J. Rice: Sure, Jamie, it's Brian. In terms of the fuel strategy, we disclosed in our press release our hedging, and it's pretty thorough, frankly, going out. We are in the money for the balance of 2012 and for 2013. The hedges are effectively neutral beyond that point. We're pretty methodical in the way that we hedge our oil. We have certain targets that we'd like to hit on a quarterly basis. So we'll be rolling in some minor hedges. We're not trying to speculate with fuel prices, we're really trying to just protect ourselves. Interestingly, the good news this year is, we tend to have the exposure generally in the 50% range of fuel prices, and we're pleased to see that this year, that the inverse correlation between the dollar and fuel has returned. And as you can see on our bridge slide, bunker prices in FX were somewhat neutral to our latest guidance. So we have that natural hedge. We don't really do any hedging on FX on an operating basis. We have traditionally had a higher portion of our newbuild cost hedged. We've been a little bit more bearish on the euro, so we've not had quite as much exposure there. Then we tend to have a little natural hedge on our P&L for that. So I think we've been less aggressive hedging our newbuilds. And as a consequence, if we were to hedge those today, we'd have a benefit from when we originally entered the contract, specifically for Sunshine.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then thinking back, I can't recall another time where there has been this many years in a row of weak consumer spending. Is there -- has there ever been a time like this in the past where you really thought about capital deployment and changing it because maybe there's something more structural rather than cyclical happening? Or has the way that you are thinking about capital spending going forward changed at all recently?
Brian J. Rice: Well, I think, obviously, the biggest portion of our CapEx is newbuilds. And as Richard alluded to, if you go back to the 1990s, you were looking at 10% growth. If you look at the early 2000, you had high single-digit growth. And we're now targeting more load to the top end, mid single-digit growth within a given year. We have been investing in CapEx in our existing fleet rather than a whole lot of new capacity. As Richard mentioned in his comments, we don't have a newbuild in 2013, and we have only 1 in '14 and '15. But we are taking the best practices of both, say, the Oasis-class and Solstice-class vessels that have been extremely successful for us. And we're taking the best practices and retrofitting those. And it's a way of keeping the product fresh and keeping our customers excited about our brands, the product that we offer without adding a tremendous amount of capacity to the market to help our pricing performance. The only other area I'd mentioned that we are investing in right now is within the information technology area. But again, we think that the returns on those investments are going to be tremendous.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: One question that's more focused on North American source passenger. The Caribbean has been strong for at least 4 quarters now. How would you characterize North American demand? Are we -- we're probably not close to 2008 levels, but where do you see it relative to the history?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, we're, of course, Assia, bigger than we were in 2008. And so the number of guests that we're attracting on these cruises is higher, and the yields are also commensurate with the 2008 levels at this point. So we're not going to sit here and celebrate where we are in terms of our Caribbean yields. We have referred to the business, I think, on a couple of occasions today as being solid. It is up year-over-year, it's commensurate with the best year that we had in 2008. And so it gives us a good foundation on which to think forward about the region and how we operate in it. And with the resurgence of Asia following what happened in Japan last year and the solid positioning in the Caribbean, it allows us to sort of really focus on what we need to be doing in Europe to maximize the opportunity that we have there and deal with the challenges. Hopefully, all of that adds up to a proper foundation for the next few years.
Assia Georgieva: And my second question is a much more of a closer in issue, I guess. You mentioned that European volumes, closed-in volumes, are up at rates down year-on-year. Could we see some further upside over the next couple of months? You did specifically mention July, August volumes for September, October voyages.
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, the volumes essentially will be, need to be higher on a year-over-year basis to closed-in volume because we have a larger capacity hold to fill in Europe because of the way that the market developed this year. So what I have suggested earlier in my comments is that there was a natural question about whether we could, in fact, find that volume for the August, September, October sailings. And at this point, I can say that we are finding that. So the comparatives to last year are really going to be a function of how much capacity there was at this point last year, how much there is at this point this year. But our focus is on making sure that we put the right discounting programs into the market to realize the remaining volume that we need.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Hardiman with Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: I guess, first, I was hoping you could talk at least some, to the degree that you have any decent data on this, that the market share developments in Europe -- it seems to me you guys have 2 benefits in Europe. The first is that your brands are not really the focus of a lot of the ire stemming from the Concordia disaster. Second is the fact that you have the flexibility to adjust the deployment out of Europe. So -- and obviously, Europe has been historically maybe a little bit of a tough nut to crack from a market share perspective. Obviously, the entire region is challenged. But it would seem that maybe you guys are a potential beneficiary from a market share perspective, maybe realize a little bit of a price premium. So just this year, can you talk about sort of what you're seeing from a market share perspective? And certainly given the 10% capacity reduction there, how do you think about strategically going after market share in Europe next year?
Adam M. Goldstein: James, it's Adam again. I should note first that in the U.K. market, which is, I believe, still the second largest market in cruising today, we have had a significant market share and have been a major player in that market for over 10 years, and we'll continue to be a major player there. It's really been on the continent of Europe and especially in Southern Europe where we have ratcheted up our presence and our sales and marketing efforts. It doesn't influence market share that much in the short to medium term, to be honest, because our competitors are also investing in Europe and growing and putting ships there. But we have seen the opportunities that emanate from a very large vacation market that's catching on to cruising, and we expect to be a long-term player there. I did mention before when I was talking about the fact that the company will be down 10% in capacity next year over this year in Europe that we've made certain adjustments at the margins, some of which have to do with increasing our presence in Asia. And what we can see is that the industry overall is making some changes, which will probably result in Europe having a slightly less share of the overall cruise industry in 2013 than it had in 2012. But just to be clear, I'm talking about something like about 33% this year to maybe somewhere between 31% and 32% next year. So again, it's not a seismic change, but it does reflect the fact that the industry and our company's assets are mobile. And over a 2- to 3-year period, especially when we do our deployment cycles, we're able to make changes that are reflective of the market opportunities and challenges that we see. And so some of that is going on with us next year in Europe. So we will continue to be a significant player there.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Very helpful. And then second question, sort of moving our attention to -- beyond Europe. I'd like to echo the comments on the really helpful increased disclosure here. I was hoping you could just bottom line some of the trends, x Europe. It looks like pricing came down a little bit in the Caribbean and Alaska, but you're obviously helped in Asia. Was the net result of those 3 items essentially in line with how you felt the year would play out as of April? And I think you gave us ticket yields, ticket yield expectations for the year, up 5% to 6%, x Europe. What did that look like 3 months ago or even heading into the year when you thought about excluding Europe trends for 2012?
Brian J. Rice: Jim, this is Brian. I would say that, particularly over the last 3 months, excluding Europe, we're pretty much exactly where we thought we would be. I would say Caribbean is spot on. I would say Asia is probably a little bit better than we expected, and Alaska, we would just be an eyelash lower than we would have anticipated. When you ask about the beginning of the year, I think that the 5% to 6% on the balance of the non-Europe would have been a little bit higher, and I say that mainly because of the impacts that we saw on Concordia. We have been able to recover a lot of the gap that we saw in Q2 and Q3 on the non-European products, but clearly, there's been much more pronounced impact on Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Egger with Topeka Capital Markets.
Brian D. Egger - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: You may have already asked this question. I was off the line for a second. But I wanted to know if you could parse a little bit between a level of impact of the Eurozone-related demand weakness in terms of Northern Europe versus Southern Europe. And to the degree that there's been discounting that you can identify with the Eurozone crisis, could you maybe give us a little better sense of -- as in past disturbances related to the Concordia accident, whether or not this seems to be more Mediterranean market-centric and less related to your Northern European source customers?
Adam M. Goldstein: Brian, this is Adam. First, I think it's worth reinforcing that the Mediterranean market is just a bigger market. Because there's more volume, there's more happening there than Northern Europe. So they're not equal size. So bearing that in mind, we've also indicated during the course of the call that we -- in relation to our original expectations, we've faced more pricing pressure and have had to do a higher level of discounting and I guess you could say, work harder for the business in the Mediterranean than we have had to do in Northern Europe. All of it is a challenge, but since you asked about the relative degree of challenge, it's been greater in the Med than in the North.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kass with BlueMountain Capital.
Michael Kass: I was wondering if you could provide a little bit of color with regard to the deployment-related endeavors, the impact on net cruise costs kind of going into 2013. Should some of that constitute a tailwind? Will some of that be onetime costs versus what you expect to be kind of ongoing, whether it's distribution, spending-related, et cetera? How should we think about the -- as you referred to the full year impact this year of that, how that will translate into next year?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, every year, Michael, there are a series of deployment changes which take place throughout the brands and, therefore, the fleet. Some of them drive higher net cruise costs, some of them lower. I don't see anything particularly special about 2013 as it relates to deployment-driven cost changes at the margins of the business. I would say, in that respect, it's a fairly stable outlook. But there, of course, will be many different variables that affect the overall cost development. I just don't see that one as being particularly notable.
Michael Kass: Sorry, I meant the lapping of the deployment initiatives that you've announced and are putting in place this year, which you've broken out the costs and the revenue impact of those. On the cost side, will you, on a comparable year-over-year basis, benefit next year? Are these onetime costs or are these costs that will reoccur in 2013?
Adam M. Goldstein: We see next year -- and as a respect to what you're talking about, we see next year as being more or less neutral in comparison to this year on those factors.
Michael Kass: Okay. And then just lastly, I was wondering, could you provide any breakdown of what your capacity is going to be by region for the remainder of the year and for 2013? In other words, just to refreshen, I'm just trying to get a sense for what the overall capacity increase is likely to be, for example, in Asian next year, year-over-year.
Brian J. Rice: We're looking for that, if you can just give me one second. Let's see, I don't have it for the balance of the year, I have it for the full year.
Michael Kass: Oh, sure.
Brian J. Rice: We -- for 2012, the Caribbean is about 42%, 43%. Europe is about 30%. Asia is about -- if we take Asia and the South Pacific, we're looking at about 8% there. Alaska is about 4%, and then I would just put the others in an All Other category. I'm sorry, Michael, we don't seem to have '13 at that level. If you could give Ian Bailey a call, he can provide that to you.
Michael Kass: Okay. And then just -- if I could just tie it in with the European waiting. Are you -- you mentioned the 10%-or-so decline in Europe overall. Is there a sizable shift next year in terms of Southern versus Northern?
Adam M. Goldstein: There is a slight shift in market sourcing towards the U.K. but not a big shift in the deployment of ships. That was between North and Med.
Brian J. Rice: We just want to thank everyone for joining us today. We realize today's a very busy earnings call day, so we do appreciate you dialing in. If you have any further questions, Ian will be available throughout the day. Have a good one.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian J. Rice - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard D. Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Adam M. Goldstein - Chief Executive of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International Daniel J. Hanrahan - Chief Executive of Celebrity Cruises and President of Celebrity Cruises Unknown Executive - 
Analysts: Assia Georgieva Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Joseph D. Hovorka - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Keihlo, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Brian Rice.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Keihlo, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank each of you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. Joining us from London is Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and here in Miami with me are Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which we have posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements, which is on our first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will start with his comments. I will follow with a brief recap of our results, give an update on the booking environment and our guidance. Adam and Dan will follow with insights from their brands, and then we will open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thanks, Brian, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. As you can tell from my comments in the press release, as well as our cautious messaging back in February, there really was a great deal of hesitancy on our part in providing earnings guidance so shortly after such an unprecedented industry event. But we did recognize the value of being transparent with the financial community, and we wanted to communicate as much information as we could even in the face of that uncertainty. So far, we're actually tracking very nicely to the kind of ranges that we provided in early February. And as expected, we've continued to experience a slow but steady recovery in our booking patterns. Of course, I'd like it to be even faster, but the pattern that has emerged so far validates our earlier guidance. Essentially, as we reported this morning, our outlook for the year hasn't changed very much. The only significant variation in our earnings outlook for the year is fuel. That's very encouraging, but it is early days.  The market is still highly volatile, it’s highly uncertain and our guidance reflects a higher-than-typical degree of uncertainty. Even so, we've seen enough positive direction to justify narrowing our yield range by shaving a percentage point off the bottom-case scenario. The pattern of the tragedy's impact is also informative and really quite logical. The closer one is to the location of the incident and the closer one is to the time of the incident, the greater the impact. Thus, for example, Europe, and especially Southern Europe, have been the most affected. Also, the first quarter took a big hit, but it was also so heavily booked already that it was somewhat insulated from the impact. On the other hand, not surprisingly, the second and third quarters are suffering the most. They book a great deal during the WAVE period, and the summer is our most valuable season, especially in Europe. With less of a cushion than the first quarter, they are therefore, and not surprisingly, the most vulnerable. On the other hand, as we enter the fall, we appear to be turning a corner. Sailings in the fourth quarter and for all of 2013 show promise. Both remain stronger than comparables from the same time last year, and I think that further validates our belief that this is a shorter-term issue. Another point of encouragement is the strength of our developmental itineraries this year. Brazil performed nicely in the first quarter. Asia appears to be rebounding from last year's tsunami and then some, and Australia is nicely absorbing some meaningful growth in capacity this year. In fact, stepping back from industry and economic anomalies that are so frustratingly affecting our earnings, we're actually executing quite well against our multi-year strategic initiatives and globalization, improved credit ratings and improved returns. 2012 marks a big milestone for us in the globalization of our company as we expect that half of our guests will be coming from outside the United States this year. This has been a big push for us over the past years and has required a significant amount of effort -- of investment, both human and capital, and this goal of organically establishing our brands throughout the world appears to be bearing fruit. Our rate of global expansion will now slow as incremental birth additions slow. But despite a pretty lousy economic backdrop these past several years, we've been building and fine-tuning a broad and diversified global footprint from which to operate our vessels and source our guests. With about 1/3 of our footprint allocated to Europe, the Arab Spring and the Costa Concordia have disproportionately burdened results for the past 2 years. But we feel strongly that our diversification in a more normalized economic situation will provide us with significant flexibility for itineraries and for sourcing, which will help increase the pricing on our fantastic products. I'm also encouraged with the progress we've made regarding our capital structure. Just at the end of February, we received a credit upgrade that puts us within one notch of returning to investment grade. Obviously, many factors influence rating decisions, but I'm sure that the $650 million in debt that we extinguished in 2011 did play a significant factor in the upgrade.  Interestingly, returning to investment grade, in it of itself, won't lower our borrowing cost all that much. That's because we already benefit from access to export credit financing and other existing financing. But the fact is that the associated leverage reduction that accompany the goal will provide us benefits in terms of earnings, cash and volatility. Looking strategically, we've really made tremendous progress globally diversifying the enterprise, and this should have a positive impact on our pricing. And it should provide great flexibility in our sourcing. We have also continued to strengthen the balance sheet and expect that to continue. All of these together should lead us to higher returns on our investments. Can't do much about the economic backdrop, which is so challenging these days, but our focus is overcoming the headwinds in the short term and preparing ourselves to unfurl our sails and exploit the upturn when it does come. What we're really building here is a company that performs well in difficult times and performs exceptionally well during good times.  Now I'll turn the call back to Brian, Dan and Adam to take you through more information regarding the quarter and our outlook. Thank you.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Richard. On the second slide, we have summarized our performance in the first quarter. We generated net income of $47 million or $0.21 per share. Net Yields improved 7% on a constant currency basis and 6.4% on an as reported basis. As you may recall, in February, we updated you on some changes related to our international distribution and deployment initiatives that will have a positive impact on yields but a negative effect on cost. In the first quarter, these changes had a positive impact on yield of approximately 350 basis points. The vast majority of our products in source markets experienced yield improvement during the quarter, with some of our highest yields coming from our developmental markets such as Australia, Brazil and Asia. Onboard revenue exceeded our expectations, and it was particularly gratifying to see our first quarter net ticket yields surpass 2008 pre-recession levels. On the cost side, excluding fuel, our Net Cruise Costs were up 5.7% on a constant currency basis and up 5.1% on an as reported basis. Approximately 500 basis points of this increase was due to the structural changes I mentioned previously. Below the line, we had a $3 million gain on our fuel options, which offset about half of the increase in fuel costs from the figures included in our guidance. Now I would like to update you on what we've been seeing in the demand environment. Overall, the pace of new bookings and the price points in the market have been very consistent with the midpoint of our previous guidance. Demand is still somewhat volatile. And as many of you have witnessed, there are many mixed signals in the pricing surveys being done. Uncertainty still remains, especially for European itineraries this summer. But so far, the performance has been consistent with our earlier expectations. As you may recall, when we reported in February, we said in the 2 weeks following the Costa Concordia incident, new bookings were down approximately 20%. In the week before our call as media coverage subsided and advertising began to come back, our new reservations were down in the low to mid-teens. Since then, our cumulative bookings have been down mid-single digits. Over the past 4 weeks though, we have seen better demand, especially from the United States where year-over-year bookings have been exceeding last year's levels. As of today, our total booked load factors are slightly behind the same time last year for the second and third quarters but ahead for the fourth quarter and for 2013. Our booked APDs are higher than the same time last year in all quarters.  Overall, our current pricing remains in line or higher than the same time last year for all major itinerary groups except Europe. At this time last year, the Arab Spring was in progress. But it wasn't until May that we felt the full impact on bookings in the Eastern Med, and we took our most aggressive pricing actions. This year, the challenge is more wide spread than the Eastern Med, but the level of discounting is more contained. The net effect of all this is we expect some yield improvement in the Eastern Med, but overall European yields will likely be down slightly versus last year. On the other hand, all of our other major itinerary groups, including the Caribbean, Alaska and our developmental products are expected to have solid yield performance, with most exceeding 2008 levels.  Now Europe accounts for 32% of our itineraries in the second quarter, 54% in the third quarter and 27% in the fourth. Based on what we are seeing today, we expect to have overall yield improvement in the second and fourth quarters. But we expect the weighting of Europe to put pressure on our third quarter performance. Most importantly, though, the full year still looks to be on pace with our original projections.  On Slide 3, you will see our guidance for the second quarter. We expect yields to be up 4% to 5% on a constant currency basis and between 2% to 3% on an as reported basis. Net Cruise Costs, excluding fuel, are expected to increase by 10% to 11% on a constant currency basis and increase 8% to 9% on an as reported basis. On Slide 4, we have provided a reconciliation of our second quarter Net Yields and cost guidance. The international distribution and deployment initiatives I mentioned before account for approximately 250 basis points of yield improvement. So on a like-for-like basis, Net Yields are expected to increase around 2% on a constant currency basis. Approximately 450 basis points of the cost increase was due to the international distribution and deployment initiative.  Additionally, we shifted some marketing and related expenses out of the first quarter mainly due to the Costa Concordia incident, and we have an unusually high number of drydock days and related maintenance in the quarter. These 2 items combined account for about 400 basis points. So on a like-for-like basis, Net Cruise Costs, excluding fuel, are forecasted to increase between 2% and 3% on a constant currency basis.  Based on current prices, we have included $232 million of fuel expense for the quarter, and we are 51% hedged. Earnings per share are forecasted to be roughly breakeven for the quarter.  On Slide 5, we have provided our guidance for the full year. We expect Net Yields to improve between 2% and 5% on a constant currency basis and between 1% and 4% on an as reported basis. As you can see, we have both narrowed the range and raised the midpoint slightly. This modest uptick in Net Yield is due mainly to better sales for our Pullmantur brand's tour product in Europe. Approximately 200 basis points of yield improvement is due to the structural changes. So on a constant currency basis, we are looking at like-for-like performance of flat to up 3%. Net Cruise Costs, excluding fuel, are expected to increase approximately 5% on a constant currency basis and approximately 4% on an as reported basis. Of this, approximately 300 basis points are due to the international distribution and deployment initiative.  On a like-for-like basis, we are projecting an increase in these costs of about 2% or 50 basis points higher than in February. Similar to revenue, this increase is all due to the improved tours sales. Based on today's fuel prices, we have included $923 million in fuel expense for the year, and we are 55% hedged. Our projections for earnings per share had been updated for current fuel prices. Otherwise, the midpoint is essentially unchanged from our last call. We are now forecasting EPS for the year to be between $1.80 and $2.10. With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Adam for his comments. Adam?
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Three months ago, I stated we believe a recovery of booking momentum is highly likely. The question is the timing and strength of the prospective recovery. What we see 3 months later is we are just now returning to last year's levels. And directionally, the recovery has been somewhat stronger in North America than it has been in Europe.  In Asia, Australia and Latin America, we really did not see a falloff in business to begin with. Royal Caribbean International's year-round Caribbean programs are doing nicely, spearheaded, of course, by Oasis of the Seas and Allure of the Seas, which continue to maintain their impressive performance throughout the year. We expect our Caribbean yields to be higher in 2012 than they were in 2008.  Meanwhile, we are at the beginning of our summer seasonal programs. Many Royal Caribbean seasonal ships will be in Europe, where we are still a few months away from the peak holiday period. Although our capacity in the Mediterranean is down by double digits from 2011, we remain focused on our sales and marketing effort in the region, both to fill this year's capacity and to continue to build awareness of and preference for our brand.  The biggest story of Royal Caribbean seasonal deployment, however, is the move of Voyager of the Seas to Singapore and then China. While the ship will not arrive in Singapore until May 26, it is clear the prospective presence of Voyager in Asia has galvanized interest in Royal Caribbean in the region. Asia is, in general, a late booking market, so we still have limited visibility into the performance of specific sailings. But at this stage of the selling effort, we are pleased at the market's response to Voyager.  Royal Caribbean continues to revitalize its older ships under that Royal Advantage umbrella at a brisk pace. Rhapsody of the Seas has recently undergone a complete makeover in Singapore, and Grandeur of the Seas is about to have very similar work performed in the Bahamas.  The rebirth of the Centrums as venues where aerial entertainment takes place during each cruise is a new breakthrough in cruise ship entertainment. Several other Royal Caribbean ships will also receive the Royal Advantage treatment before the end of this year.  Dan?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Thank you, Adam, and good morning, everyone. It continues to be a very positive time for Celebrity. While the world events have had an impact on some aspects of our business, Celebrity continues to make strides. One of our most exciting initiatives is the slated arrival of Celebrity Reflection in October, our fifth in the 5-ship Solstice Class series, which is on pace at shipbuilder Meyer Werft in Papenburg, Germany.  Other big initiative is the continued rollout of our modern luxury platform to upgraded and enhanced onboard programming and dining experiences. I'm particularly pleased with the positive guest reaction to our new main dining room menus. During the first quarter, we had healthy demand for all products. Both volume and rate came in about where we thought at the time of the previous call. We are pleased that our performance finished well ahead of Q1 2011 and '10 and also finished ahead of 2008 level.  In addition, we had another record first quarter for our South America product on the Celebrity Infinity, which operates a series of 14-night open-jaw sailings from Buenos Aires to Valparaiso, as well as on Celebrity Xpedition, our boutique 90-passenger ship, which operates 7-night sailings in the Galapagos year-round. And also, on the newly introduced Australia and New Zealand product on Century this year. Given the strong results in Australia, I'm looking forward to having Solstice there for the winter of 2013 and '14.  Onboard revenue performed well as the newly Solsticized Millennium Class ships helped us exceed expectations.  For the summer season, our Alaska product, where we are once again operating 3 ships, is performing well. Bookings for our 7-night Bermuda sailings out of Cape Liberty this summer are also doing well, and we are on pace to achieve healthy yield improvements over last year on both of these products.  Performance for our summer Europe product has been mixed. As it has already been mentioned, we continue to feel the impact of the Costa Concordia event and have had to get more creative through various offers and promotions. We are starting to see the promotional efforts work and are beginning to gain traction.  Looking further out and while it is admittedly early, we continue to see positive signs for Q4 and into Q1 of 2013. Load factors are up, and pricing has been encouraging. Some of the most exciting news is the announcement and opening of our summer 2013 and winter 2013 and '14 deployment. All of this deployment will be open by the end of the month and will feature 4 fully Solsticized Millennium Class ships and our 5 Solstice Class ships, but I wanted to share a couple of the itineraries with you today that will have a positive impact on our performance.  I already mentioned we will have Solstice in Australia and New Zealand this coming winter. And as a result, the Solstice Class ship will, for the first time, sail the West Coast of the United States during the summer of 2013. Solstice will replace the Infinity and operate 7-night Alaska itineraries from Seattle. The ship will join the currently deployed Millennium and Century.  Finally, we'll have options for everyone with a more diversified 2013, '14 winter portfolio. Our lineup will feature our ships, 6 in the Caribbean, 5 around the globe, in Australia, New Zealand, the Galapagos Islands, Hawaii, South America and the South Pacific.  Brian?
Brian J. Rice: Thanks, Dan. We'll now open the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Keihlo?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva of Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: I have one easy question. There seems that capacity figures are coming down for the next 3 years. Do you have a ship sale in mind or more drydocks?
Brian J. Rice: Assia, the primary change there is to transfer the Monarch from Royal Caribbean International to Pullmantur. And because Pullmantur is reported on 2 month lag, it's has a slight impact on capacity.
Assia Georgieva: Okay, so no ship sales that we’re not [indiscernible]?
Brian J. Rice: No.
Assia Georgieva: Question, Europe tends to book closer in when it comes to European [indiscernible]. What would be the sweet spot for those sailings on a normal year? Is it 2 months or 3 months before the sailing and should we expect that in May? We can see a significant year-on-year pickup as we enter more easy comparisons.
Adam M. Goldstein: Hi, Assia, it's Adam. I don't know that you can pinpoint the sweet spot to exactly one month. One of the characteristics of Europe as a cruise market is that the peak holiday season is more, let's say, July, August; whereas, in North America, it's become, in recent years, more June, July. So there is a little bit more time. We're beginning to see this now in April. But I would say, April, May, June and into July, that is the key booking period for really understanding the visibility of how the peak European cruise season will perform.
Assia Georgieva: Okay, so we're just entering that key season for European source passengers.
Adam M. Goldstein: Yes, there's the sense on our part that it really is a question of what begins to happen after the Easter holidays occur, which, of course, just took place a couple of weeks ago. And now we will begin to enter the key booking period.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wonder if you could just -- you gave us some good details. I always appreciate that. But just wondering if you could further discuss your strategy with us as you've been trying to navigate the cruise year so this difficult year. Other than Europe -- and we're just wondering where you've had to take the largest price reductions, Adam, you definitely spoke about how strong the Caribbean was for the Royal Caribbean brands. But just wondering, again, in Europe -- other than Europe, what you're seeing. And then also, have you found that the promotions that you have been doing have been successful enough to allow you to avoid further price reductions? And I'm wondering, what kind of promotions have been the most successful or the least successful?
Brian J. Rice: Assia, I'll give you kind of a high-level view, and then maybe Adam and Dan can talk about what they're seeing at the brand level. Overall, again, as I try to allude to in my script, other -- with the exception of Europe, the other products, our pricing today is at or above where it was a year ago. I think we have seen reassurance that there is elasticity in the market. And when we've had to do some promotions, we've seen good response from that. And I'd like to reiterate the pricing that you're seeing the market has been and will -- and is currently in our guidance and consistent with -- we have a little bit of latitude in terms of if we want to sacrifice some load or if we want to do some different pricing strategies. And I think each brand has a unique strategy depending on the circumstances that they're seeing. I'll pass it on to Dan for comments.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Felicia, I think Brian's comments were right on. Really where we've had to take all the actions has been in Europe, and we've tried a number of different promotional efforts from prepaid gratuities, onboard credits, buy one get half off for the companion, things like that, as well as reduced air. They respond -- the different markets respond differently to all those promotions. I think we're getting better at it, and I think that's helped us gain some traction in Europe. But the rest of our categories, we really haven't had to be very aggressive with the promotions. It's really all been focused on Europe.
Adam M. Goldstein: Felicia, it's Adam. We've commented a lot about this from a geographical standpoint, so I don't think there's anything more I need to say about that. What I wanted to say is that while we still consider ourselves to be in a somewhat challenging revenue environment, 3 months ago, when we spoke with you, we really were not in a position to know if the kinds of discounting techniques that we had engaged in the past would have the kind of effect that we have seen them have in the past because we were in such a novel environment. It's pretty clear today that we are able to use the techniques that we commonly use and get the kind of results that we commonly get. For example, one of the things that Royal Caribbean International is pretty well-known for the so-called WOW sale. And we engaged in the exact same kind of WOW sale that we have in the past. We saw the kind of uplift in bookings that we have seen in the past. This happened just a couple of weeks ago. So yes, we have challenges. But from a revenue management standpoint, we're in a much more normal type of environment.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And Adam, am I correct that you did it in March this year versus April last year? Is there anything to read into that?
Adam M. Goldstein: We've flexed it a little bit in the past. We don't want to be totally predictable under any circumstances. That would probably actually undermine the value of the program. So I think if you look historically, it was on the early side of what we've done. But I wouldn't read too much into it.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just to follow up. Brian, in your comments, you tried to give us some color on how to spread our yields quarterly. And I just want to make sure I heard you correctly regarding the third quarter. Did your comments imply that we should look at the third quarter as potentially being a negative yields quarter or just less than the fourth -- less growth in the second and fourth?
Brian J. Rice: I was purposely vague there, Felicia. I kind of figured you'd pick up on that. We –- we’re confident that we're going to have yield improvement in Q2 and Q4. I think there's still a very wide range of outcomes for Q3 with the possibility of some yield deterioration. But as I tried to allude to, I think our biggest level of uncertainty right now is really the heart of the European season in Q3.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Yet -- but that being said, you're still comfortable with the new guidance that you gave today?
Brian J. Rice: Correct. Yes, that assumption, that range of outcomes within Q3 is considered in our full year guidance.
Operator: The next question is from Tim Conder of Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Adam, if you could -- I just want to make sure I'd heard you correctly, a clarification question here, that your 2012 Caribbean yields for the Royal Caribbean International brand would be higher than 2008. Was that what I heard?
Adam M. Goldstein: Yes, so I said that is what we expect.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay, great. Okay, the first question here that I have is onboard, continuing to see some good progress, you called that out, sequential progress here. What categories are you seeing that's driving that? And I would presume that, again, also, that's all occurring outside predominantly of Europe?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Tim, it's Dan. You are right. It's outside of Europe because we really haven't -- we don't have much deployment at all in Europe at this point, so you're right about that. But what we've seen is pretty good across the board. It's been a very, very conscious effort to raise our onboard revenue with programs that we have at Celebrity. We've seen it across the board. We've seen it -- very strong beverage revenue. We've seen strong shore ex [shore excursion] revenue. Casino has not rebounded yet, but we've put programs as a whole. But we've put programs together with high rollers to help casino improve. So I think what we're seeing is that all the hard work on from our operations team here in Miami, as well as on the ships, is starting to pay off.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And this is probably a very difficult question, but I'll throw it out there. I know you've given no guidance for '13. But everything that you know at this point -- and assuming nothing changes in the world, but everything that you know at this point from what you're seeing in the broad market, the hit from Europe, as your best guesstimate, what would you assume that hit piece would recover looking to next year would be a reasonable range of recovery?
Brian J. Rice: Tim, I don't think we're prepared to put any numbers around that. I think we're talking about a lot of uncertainty in Europe in the third quarter. I think to try to project that out to a year from now is a little too ambitious. I think I would comment that we're pleased that we're seeing Q4 in 2013 bookings continue to show strength, but it's so early in the selling cycle. I think it's just way too early to speculate on that.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, Brian, let me illuminate within that context of your answer. Let me re-ask it. Again, European, as you've already stated...
Brian J. Rice: I don’t think you're going to get a different answer.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: But what you have seen of European bookings, those that -- the few that do book out further, what are you seeing for fourth quarter and first quarter of '13 out of European source passengers relative to normal?
Brian J. Rice: I think, in aggregate, we're seeing our bookings are healthy for Q4. They're healthy for early '13. But again, the basis is so small. I think it's very dangerous to extrapolate. I think we're going to try and be as transparent as we can with the things that we do know, but we're also going to be very honest with you on the things that we don't know. And I think that's one we're not prepared to comment on at this point.
Operator: The next question is from Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: A few questions, I guess, on the techniques you're using to stimulate the bookings. I'm just curious if you're finding that different strategies are successful in North America versus Europe and if you could provide any detail on that without giving away the competitive secret sauce? And then secondarily, just -- if the North American consumer is seemingly a little bit more resilient at this point, how easy is it or is not easy to shift you're sourcing towards more of a North American consumer versus the European consumer, if you could help us understand that?
Adam M. Goldstein: Sharon, it's Adam. I think I commented on the last call that we have the opportunity because we're versatile in our sourcing to somewhat redirect sourcing where needed. And so we have some ability, for example, to promote more to North American source market for European cruises. That's mostly at the margins of the ratio. It's not about a fundamental change in sourcing, but we do have that opportunity. And we have been striving to take advantage of that where necessary. I think when you're looking at North America versus Europe, a lot of it has to do with where the source markets are in relation to where the ships are that they're going to cruise on. So for example, the U.K. market has -- is the market that we count on to have a good number of customers flying down to European -- Mediterranean homeport, cruising from there. Just as from the Midwest of the United States, we are dependent clearly on customers getting on airplanes and flying down to South Florida, for example. And in those cases, we're more packaging together air with cruise, possibly with land stay before or after the cruise attached to it. And I would say, generally speaking, we're finding that we're able to bring those promotions to bear on the current situation and get a response from the market. When it is either in Southern Europe, where people live close to where the ships go out, and the U.K. if it's South Hampton-based products, or for people who live in Florida or in the New York right near where ships are going out, then it's much more cruise-only pricing and a range of discounts depending on if you're a senior, a resident, military, what have you. And generally speaking, we find again in the current marketplace that we get the kind of response to those offers that we've historically gotten. Overall, we've said we probably are having to work a little bit harder at it in Europe than we are in North America, but we're within the range of revenue management expertise that we've built up over the years.
Operator: The next question is from Harry Curtis of Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I wanted to go back first to Asia. You mentioned that you were pleased with the initial response in your bookings. If you could put a little bit more meat around that, specifically, what is your motivation to move capacity to Asia from the point of view -- and if you could put that in the context of EBITDA -- does the EBITDA per ship go up or down? How long does it take to improve and do you factor in all of the costs, including marketing and infrastructure?
Richard D. Fain: Harry, I think we've made it clear we see Asia, in general, and China, in particular, as a strategic objective. And we've acknowledged in the short term that it's a losing proposition. In particular, and you raised the question of infrastructure, et cetera, there's a lot of infrastructure that goes in. We've had 3 offices in China to support one relatively smaller vessel. So I think you've put your finger on something. In the short term, this is a strategic move which is going to cost us money, and we think that it will pay off relatively quickly. And part of that is to grow the volume to help cover much of that infrastructure and overhead and initial opening costs. So right now, it is costing us money. But when we do look at it, when you look at why we're doing it, we're doing it because in the long term, we think that we will get strong enough returns to justify. We're [ph] getting enough returns today, but we'll first approach breakeven then we'll be profitable taking into account all of those things.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And any sense of how long it takes to breakeven?
Richard D. Fain: Well, we're not that far away from it today.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And the second question that I had relates to if you could provide us on the update of your cost related to stricter environmental regulations, specifically your fuel mix. What have you built into your 2012 estimates to account for that? And then what are the technologies that you are considering and what might be the cost to install those new technologies?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Harry, it's Dan. We've -- in all our guidance, we've assumed all the regulations that we have to deal with, so that's baked in there today. We have a real strong focus on driving consumption down, and I think that all of our brands have done a great job on that. In terms of abatement kind of technologies, we're still very early in studying and analyzing things like scrubbers. So it's not at the stage where I think we could say, "This is what it's going to cost us to do it on ships." But we are engaged in it, but I think the thing that we're doing more than anything else is keeping our continuous focus on driving our consumption down.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then just the last follow-up is, Carnival has given some sense of what it's going to cost in higher fuel expense. Can you give us anything more specific about what the incremental costs are going to be this year and next?
Brian J. Rice: We've said -- Harry, we said it's not material for this year. And when we come out with our '13 guidance, we'll be sure to -- if that lovely detail is important, we can provide that. But I can tell you, as Dan alluded to and I know we don't share this publicly, but we do have our long-range models. We've assumed the worse-er case scenarios where we don't have abatement technologies, but I think we see some promising opportunities out there but it's still in the R&D phase.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Kent of Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could we just switch a little bit to the expense side, maybe talk -- I know you commented a little bit about the shifting of expenses from Q1 to Q2, but could you start to talk a little bit more about what you're doing longer term to reduce expenses, both at the headquarter level and also on the ship level? And then just broadly on shipbuilding, shipyards attract, can you just talk about attractive deals for more shipbuilding? When would you start to talk about building more or are you comfortable with the pace as of now?
Adam M. Goldstein: Steve, it's Adam. On your first question about cost, I mean, obviously, it's incumbent upon us as a management team to look like hawks at opportunities to spur efficiency anywhere in our structure, whether that be headquarters, in other facilities that we have on land around the world or on board the ships. At the same time though, we continue to invest in a range of initiatives mostly designed to enhance our revenue-generating capabilities for the future. Richard just alluded to some of them when he was speaking about what we're doing in China. But with the product in general, with respect to any of our brands, this is a very competitive industry that's constantly moving its offering forward. So if your product is staying the same, essentially, in competitive terms, you're going in reverse. And we've been very clear that we will continue to invest in product enhancement features. That puts even more pressure therefore on us to make sure that we identify efficiencies that will not touch the product experience in any way, and we're in pursuit of both of those objectives at all times, more efficiency where guests won't see it and better products where they will.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Adam, is that on purchasing power or what is it that you're able to do? I'm sorry, Brian, you can go ahead.
Brian J. Rice: I was just going to add that despite all the investments that we have been putting in for our international footprint and they -- I know you can imagine the infrastructure that we've put in place and marketing of our brands as we've grown them organically has been significant. Despite that, we have been able to keep our non-fuel cruise Net Cruise Costs well below the rate of inflation. And I can tell you, the brands in the shore side environment work tirelessly, whether it's through taking advantage of scale and leveraging the new international footprint that we have, whether it's finding efficiencies, whether it's through new technologies, whether it's finding those things that our guest and our customers just don't value and deemphasizing those or eliminating them. There is a continuous focus on how do we gain efficiency. Yet at the same time, we are making those strategic investments.
Richard D. Fain: And then, Steve, looking at -- responding to your question on future new buildings. I think you have to remember that, that's a decision which is very long-term one. If you order the ship, it takes years before the ship can be delivered. So you really have to be constantly looking out. We've made it very clear that we think in the environment that we see today and the environment that we see looking into the future, we're really looking for margin growth as opposed to simply volume growth. And where we believe that having a relatively modest amount of growth will help the supply-demand situation and therefore, pay for itself quite attractively. So we do see that growth continuing on a slower basis than it has in the past. At the same time, we really have to constantly think about these things. Unlike some industries, when the capacity comes, it comes in a big lump and that will lead to a somewhat jagged curve. And even in difficult times, you need to be thinking what is going to be needed years into the future. So I think we will continue to progress this sort of on a regular basis and not adjust that based on day-to-day or month-to-month fluctuations or even the economic situation.
Operator: The next question is from James Hardiman of Longbow Research.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: First, just a real quick clarification, if you will. I was hoping you could just ultimately distill the change in guidance a bit. You increased the midpoint of both the yield and the cost guidance, both excluding currency and fuel, by about 50 basis points, I believe. Was that, in both cases, changes in distribution and deployment that drove that or was there may be a slightly better outlook on the low end that also contributed to the yield side of things?
Brian J. Rice: Sure, James. We increased, if you will, the midpoint of yield by 50 basis points, increased the non-fuel Net Cruise Costs by 50 basis points. That was due almost entirely to -- we've seen some increased sales in our tour business for Pullmantur within Europe, while our cruise sales have been struggling a bit. We have seen an uptick on the land base, which includes air from Pullmantur's tour product. It's essentially breakeven, slightly positive. But for the most part, it's break even. And the change in the guidance for EPS is 100% due to fuel. We had a 15% change in fuel costs, and that's what our midpoint changed by.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Got you, very helpful. And then my question is, you're typically pretty hesitant to talk about any individual competitors but to the extent that the Concordia disaster has been a major factor for you and the rest of the industry. It may be appropriate. Carnival has talked about holding pricing and basically taking the losses on the occupancy side of the yield equation. Obviously, they're going to do you what's in their best interest. But it's pretty clear that if they hold true to that strategy, it's a good thing for you and the rest of the industry just from a rational pricing standpoint. Can you speak to how rational pricing has been competitively and how you think that plays out over the rest of the year whether or not they're realistically going to hold true to that goal?
Richard D. Fain: As you say, we've been pretty consistently reluctant to talk about competitors, and I don’t really think it's appropriate. And quite frankly, I don't know enough about what they're doing to be able to make intelligent comments anyhow. I think one of the interesting aspects of the way we do revenue management is the main driver isn't looking at our competitor. Our main driver is looking at our customer. And our customer -- we look at the volume of calls. We look at their interest at different price levels, and I think we have the best revenue management system in the business and the best revenue management people in the business. And their real focus is who's calling, what are they willing to accept. And I think that will continue to be our main driver. And I think what we are seeing is we are seeing a lot more hesitancy from the first-time cruiser, not the repeat guests. And so I think there is a period of assimilation, a period of getting over this unfortunate event. And then I think we'll move on with the system operating as it's geared to do, which is to educate people more about what cruising offers and then price it to match their willingness to pay that.
James Hardiman - Longbow Research LLC: Let me ask it this way then. The big fear following Concordia was that you'd have a lot of potential travelers, potential customers that may want to hold off and may assume that pricing is going to come down. As you think about the decline in bookings in the European market, are you able to discern how many of those people are just sort of waiting for things to come down and may hop back in as we get closer to those sailing dates or is that possible to -- impossible to tease out?
Richard D. Fain: Well, I think enough time has gone by for them to see which way pricing is going. I think that was something that people talked about in the weeks after the event. But it's pretty clear that we're continuing to operate our revenue management systems in a methodical and measured way. And I think talk about those kinds of things, I know there were some people who were suggesting that was a big issue. But I think talk about those sorts of things has dissipated as -- it is very clear that the industry, and certainly ourselves, is seeing enough demand to continue to operate in our revenue management systems as we always have.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian of Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My 2 questions. First one is just in terms of the booking volume trends following the Concordia accident. How would you characterize the kind of the volatility? Would you say that, that's moderated recently? And as you talk to travel agents, are they still waiting for deals like they were maybe following the Concordia accident?
Brian J. Rice: Greg, from the volume standpoint, there has been a little bit of volatility, but there's also a lot of noise in terms of when the Easter holiday sell. It's a couple of weeks earlier. As Adam alluded to, he ran his WOW sales a couple of weeks earlier. So when you're looking at year-over-year, you're seeing a little bit of noise. But I think we have a better grip on what's happening, particularly for products outside of the core summer Europe itineraries. I think that's where we're seeing the most uncertainty at this point.
Unknown Executive: On -- with regard to travel agents, I think the most notable thing about our interaction with them, speaking for the most part here specifically to the United States market, is sort of how calm they are about the situation that they're in and believing that cruise products and services are still very much at the core of their business model and looking forward pretty optimistically. They often say they haven't seen any diminution in sales and that their business is relatively healthy. So we think that the distribution system is in pretty good shape and continues to look forward to distributing our products and services.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And just my second question, just, I guess, because Net Yields. You raised the lower end slightly so they're basically unchanged, maybe a little bit higher. Do you still think it was the Concordia accident had about 200 basis points impact on Net Yields overall?
Brian J. Rice: I think that it's hard to kind of dissect it. There's a lot more noise out of the European economy right now. But I think, directionally, around that number is probably not too far off from our best estimates.
Operator: The next question is from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just want to clarify, I'm just circling back to the Pullmantur expense increase that you mentioned, the 50 basis points from higher tour sales and just trying to think about the -- your change in the lower end of yield guidance, that 100 basis points. Is it fair to say that most of that increase at the lower end of your guidance was from tour sales and that your expectations for just cruise sales that your guidance is basically unchanged?
Brian J. Rice: Yes, the tour sales, we’re still right at the midpoint. And we -- as you alluded to, if you average the high and the low, both our yield and our Net Cruise Costs x fuel, we raised 50 basis points. Both of those were due almost entirely to the increase in tour sales.
Operator: The next question is from Jaime Katz of Morningstar.
Jaime M. Katz - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I know you guys talked a little bit about returning to investment grade on the call. But can you talk a little bit about how that trajectory has changed now that this year's cash flow might be crimped a little bit more than originally expected and when you expect to get there?
Brian J. Rice: Yes, Jamie, the cash flow, in the grand scheme of things, is not affected that much. I think we're still looking at $1.5 billion plus in terms of EBITDA for the year. And fortunately, these sort of hiccups in terms of if you assumed a 2% haircut on yield, you're talking about $0.50, $0.60 a share but you're only talking about $100 million, $120 million in cash flow. So it doesn't have that big of an impact on our credit metrics. I think, as a general rule of thumb, we kind of look a 3.75 ratio of net debt to EBITDA as kind of the benchmark that we're looking for. Obviously, as Richard talked about, the rating agencies are going to look a lot more than that, and it depends on whether they're forward-looking or backward-looking in terms of when they get there. I think if you look at most of the analyst models, we haven't published anything further out, I think most of them, you would see those sort of ratios probably late '13, early '14 would be where they would be getting us. But again, there's a lot of other factors, and it depends on kind of the operating environment that we're in at that time. But that should give you some sort of [indiscernible].
Operator: The next question is from the line of Kevin Milota of JPMorgan.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I appreciate the updated commentary as you look through the year. Fourth quarter in full year '13 looked pretty solid or at least your commentaries sounds a lot better than it was post -- immediately post Concordia. I was hoping you could give us a sense of typically at this point of the year from a capacity standpoint, how much is booked, and if the fourth quarter trends that you're seeing now, how that fits into the typical booking range?
Brian J. Rice: Yes, Kevin, I do want to emphasize that it's still very early in the booking window, and I think our commentary about Q4 and 2013 is fairly consistent with what we saw back in early February when we had our fourth quarter call. What we saw was bookings had a significant impact in the second and third quarters. We had a very strong order book in the first quarter, but we had seen a continuation of the pre-Concordia demand for Q4 and 2013. We're still a ways off from our peak booking window for those periods. What we have said is if you take a rolling 12 months, we're generally about 50% sold. And that curve is fairly linear as you go out into different quarters. But I do want to caution, while things are looking good, it is still exceptionally early.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then from a fuel consumption standpoint, first quarter being the first of -- in a long time that you haven't beat on the consumption side of things. Is that primarily related to the deployment initiatives that you're working through or kind of what's going on there? What happened in the first quarter?
Brian J. Rice: Yes, there were actually 3 factors. We had a little bit more impact from weather where the ships had additional consumption. We had a few additional medical evacuations where we had to deviate from the itineraries. But the lion's share was really driven by some of the new itineraries and just, I guess, we may have gotten a little aggressive in terms of what we felt we might be able to do with those. But as Adam and Dan have alluded to, this is a 24/7 effort to continuously figure out how we can contain and lower our fuel consumption.
Operator: Your final question comes from Joe Hovorka of Raymond James.
Joseph D. Hovorka - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: It looks like your CapEx has gone up by $100 million in '12 and '13 from last quarter. What is that?
Brian J. Rice: Joe, it's a very slight change. Actually, we round to the nearest $100 million, and that was entirely due to the progress payments for Sunshine 2, the order that we just confirmed. Okay. Well, with that, we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. And as always, Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-ups you may have. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian J. Rice - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard D. Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Adam M. Goldstein - Chief Executive of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International Daniel J. Hanrahan - Chief Executive of Celebrity Cruises and President of Celebrity Cruises
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Assia Georgieva Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nicole, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Brian Rice to begin. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Nicole, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which we have posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements on the first slide. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will start with his comments. I will follow with a recap of our results, give an update on our booking environment and provide our initial thoughts about 2012. Adam and Dan will then talk more about our brands and provide you with insight from some recent consumer research we've done, after which we'll open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. We actually have so many good things happening in our company and in our industry that I wish that those things could be the focus of this call. However, given the magnitude of the tragic incident in Italy and the fact that it's so recent, we feel obliged to comment on how this may affect us going forward. All of us, personally, as employees and as an industry, all of us are saddened by the tragedy. This was an unheard-of event for our industry and all of us were heartsick to learn of it. But it's important to note that it's the very rarity of such an event that makes it so noteworthy. As a company and as an industry, we will take whatever lessons can be learned from this and we will continue to dedicate ourselves to providing the best and the safest vacations for our guests. Fortunately, most people understand all this, and I am absolutely confident that this event will not have any significant long-term impact on our business. But while I'm convinced about the long term, we also need to be realistic about the short term. Not surprisingly, while our industry has been in the glare of the media spotlight for almost 3 weeks, we have seen an impact. Booking volumes dropped significantly immediately following the event and they've remained down in the mid to low teens. As you would expect, there are some notable trends emerging. Cancellations, as a result of the incident, have simply not been a factor. It's not surprising to us, but it is reassuring. In Europe, the media coverage has been more extensive as the event was closer to home, and bookings have declined more than in the United States. Similarly, the recovery, for the same reason, is happening faster in the U.S. than in Europe. And as to be expected, closer-in bookings have declined more than further-out bookings. Lastly, knowledgeable customers are much more comfortable than people who have never taken a cruise. Looking at the seasonality of the impact, we've noted that quarter 1 was already quite well booked prior to the event so that quarter has been somewhat isolated from the impact. But for our second and third quarters, the level of uncertainty is high, although there have been some encouraging data points recently. As we have resumed our advertising and as the headlines have subsided, booking volumes have shown improvement. I caution that a few days does not make a trend, but it is encouraging. Ultimately, we believe that while this is a tragedy and a fresh and a painful one at that, most customers recognize that the industry's safety record speak for itself, and our long-term business model is very much intact. Against this background, we would prefer not to be making any public projections. In fact, we -- I wish we didn't have to make any comments at all about bookings so soon after the event. We're in uncharted territory and our traditional models simply don't cover events like this. However, after much debate and much soul-searching, we eventually concluded that giving you our best perspective and explaining all the uncertainties was the best approach and the fairest one. We have worked hard to follow that approach and I hope that you will accept it with which, in the spirit with which it is given. With that in mind, despite the impact of this year's earnings, we are continuing to look to the future and to build the profitability of our business. I would therefore like to shift from this unfortunate event, which has monopolized our thoughts, and focus on our core business. Now that business is thriving despite the challenges. Prior to the tragedy in Italy, we would've said that our business was facing some of the most significant near-term economic and geopolitical headwinds in our history, and we were winning. The U.S. market has shown surprising strength in proving how robust a market for cruising it is. Europe has been more difficult, but even there, we were anticipating higher yields in 2012 partially because of lower comps. Australia is doing well, as is the rest of the Pacific Rim. The effects of Japan's earthquake are behind us, and that gives China a huge boost. And there, we were adding Voyager of the Seas in China this spring. She will be the largest and, I would modestly say, I think the best ship serving that area and she's making a big splash. As a new market, the China opportunity does cost us a great deal to address and it will take some time to pay off. Nevertheless, we think this is an important strategic move for us and we have accepted the short-term cost that it entails. Costs are indeed actually a constant focus. More than 1/2 of the expected increase for 2012 relates to structural changes, which have direct revenue offsets, and we've tried to explain that. The other 1% to 2% relates to investments which will drive yield improvements going forward, such as ship revitalizations, international expansion and technology investments. As our press release indicated, we had great pricing momentum coming into this year, much better in fact than I believe folks were expecting driven in part by these ongoing investments. Now this year marks an important milestone for Royal Caribbean. For the first time in our history, the majority of our business is now coming from customers outside the U.S. This is the culmination of a strategic shift we started about 5 years ago and is in recognition of the fact that while the U.S. market continues to be strong and to flourish, the demand for our cruises and the demand for our ships is growing in an even more dramatic rate abroad. We have had to make a significant investment to make this happen and it certainly feels good to have reached such an important milestone. As I've said before, diversification is a good strategy even when it seems that the market to which you are diversifying is the one having issues in the short term. It's a two-edged sword, and in this case, European cruising happens to be the one impacted by economic challenges, geopolitical turmoil and the fallout from this -- from the tragedy. At the same time, China is experiencing the labor pains associated with any new market. But all of these challenges are transitory. Our long-term trajectory is unchanged. Even with the difficult economy and other factors, we were heading into a powerful 2012. The tragic events in Italy are a blow but only to the short term. Our record for safety, our record for outstanding vacations and our ability to develop new and exciting markets gives us confidence about the path going forward. And that confidence is undimmed. We are committed to staying the course in doing the best by our guests, our employees, our shareholders and our communities going forward. With that, I'd like to turn this back over to Brian to take us through a little more detail. Brian?
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Richard. On the second slide, we have summarized our performance in the fourth quarter. We generated net income of $36.6 million or $0.17 per share. Net Yields improved 3.5% on a constant currency basis and 3.2% on an as-reported basis. We saw strong performance in the Caribbean where ticket yields improved by double digits, and Asia continued solid recovery in the aftermath of the Japan tragedy. Europe yields were down overall driven by Holy Land and other Eastern Mediterranean itineraries. On the cost side, excluding fuel, our net cruise costs were up 3.7% on a constant currency basis and up 3.6% on an as-reported basis. As you know, we manage our costs on an annual basis and the impact from things like dry dock schedules, marketing and repair and maintenance expenses always cause timing issues among quarters. The fourth quarter was consistent with our guidance and part of another solid year of cost controls. On Slide 3, we have summarized our full year results. Net income was $607 million or $2.77 a share. As you may recall, at this time last year, we provided initial earnings guidance for 2011 of between $3.25 and $3.45 per share. Fuel price increases decreased our earnings by $0.20 per share, and the impact of the Japan earthquake and the Arab Spring cost us an additional $0.65 per share. All other factors, including solid revenue and cost performance, exceeded the upper end of our initial guidance. Net yields improved 2.4% on a constant currency basis and 4.1% on an as-reported basis. Ticket yields were very strong in the Caribbean, Baltic and Alaska, while pricing in the Eastern Med and Asia were down due to the geopolitical events. Pricing improved slightly more from the United States and Europe, but this appears to have been more driven by itinerary mix than the economy. On the cost side, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, were up 1.3% on a constant currency basis and up 2.3% on an as-reported basis. Finally, for the fixed-income folks on the call, I would like to mention that we generated $1.6 billion in operating cash flow and reduced our overall debt by over $650 million during the year. We continue our focus on returning to investment grade in the near term. Now I'm sure most of you are interested in hearing about the current booking environment. We tried hard to be as transparent as possible in the press release, but I must caution that it has been less than 3 weeks since the Costa Concordia incident. The demand environment is still in a state of fluctuation. And with very limited data, it is difficult to draw any definitive conclusions. That said, here is what we know. Immediately prior to the incident, our bookings were running about 5% ahead of a year ago and at higher prices. All 4 quarters of the year were booked at higher load factors and higher per diems than the same time last year. The incident occurred on January 13, and since that time, cancellation activity has been within normal levels. In the first 2 weeks after the accident when the media attention was greatest and practically all marketing activity was suspended, new reservations, combined for all of our brands and itineraries, were down approximately 20%. This week, the media coverage has begun to subside and advertising is beginning to come back. Over the last 5 days, new reservations are down in the low to mid teens, with each day showing slightly better performance. We have seen a pronounced difference between consumer behavior in North America and Europe. North American demand appears to be recovering steadily, and recently has been down high-single digits. European demand, on the other hand, remains more depressed, but even there, we are seeing the beginning of a recovery. We believe this is driven by a number of factors, including greater media coverage, closer proximity to the accident, less familiarity with cruising and to some degree the compounding effect of a relatively weaker economy. Our other international source markets, including Latin America and Asia Pacific are showing less impact from the incident. From a seasonal point of view, demand for spring and summer cruises has slowed the most, followed by close-in bookings. For the first quarter, we anticipate only a modest impact to yields because of the strength of our order book before the incident and the low cancellation activity. Our brands for the most part have maintained pre-incident pricing levels for the spring and summer as they continue to evaluate the demand patterns and determine the best revenue management strategy. This is one of the reasons for the increase in uncertainty and our extra caution in providing forward guidance. Interestingly, although the volume is relatively small, to date our new bookings for the fourth quarter and 2013 have not been affected. Again, the base is relatively small but we believe this is an indication that the incident will not have a long-term impact on our business. Now I would like to talk to you about our forward guidance. We actually debated quite a bit about whether to even provide guidance given the high level of uncertainty, but in the end, we felt it was important to be as transparent as possible. You will notice our guidance ranges are wider than usual but not as wide as all the possible outcomes. On Slide 4, you will see the guidance for the first quarter. We expect yields to be up 5% to 7% on a constant currency basis and between 4% to 6% on an as-reported basis. As we noted in our press release, we have made some changes related to our international distribution system and shifted some deployment for strategic purposes that will have a positive impact on yields but a negative effect on costs. The impact of these changes is greater in the first quarter. In the case of net yields, the impact of these changes for the first quarter is approximately 300 basis points, so on a constant currency basis, we are looking for a like-for-like increase of 2% to 4%. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to increase 6% to 7% on a constant currency basis of which approximately 450 basis points is due to the changes I mentioned. Also driving the increase is a disproportionate amount of dry dock costs related to refurbishments in the quarter. Based on current prices, we have included $224 million of fuel expense for the quarter and we are 53% hedged. Turning to Slide 5. We have laid out our preliminary thoughts for the full year. It was just a few weeks ago we were building our forecasts around net yield increases in the mid-single digits. With less than 3 weeks of new data to digest, providing a revenue forecast is clearly more art than science. Some of the negative factors weighing in our consideration include the 20% decline in new bookings during the peak of WAVE season, tremendous awareness globally of the incident, apprehension among new cruisers and only meager signs of recovery so far for European source customers. Some of the positive considerations include improving trends from North American source guests. Most consumers view this as an isolated incident. We've resumed our marketing activity, and there is still some time to recover booking volumes prior to the summer season. Based on all this, we have set an initial target for net yields to increase between 1% and 5% on a constant currency basis and between flat to up 4% on an as-reported basis. Included in these figures is approximately 200 basis points from the changes in our international distribution and deployment initiatives. As we mentioned in our press release, these distribution changes, along with deployment initiatives, will increase our net cruise costs by approximately 300 basis points. Absent these changes, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to increase between 1% and 2% on a constant currency basis and flat to up 3% on an as-reported basis. The 1% to 2% constant currency increase is driven by modest inflationary pressures and strategic investments such as information technology. Based on today's fuel prices, we have included $889 million in fuel expense for the year and we are 55% hedged. Over the last 5 years, our brands have reduced fuel consumption by approximately 18% per APCD. And while our efficiency initiatives continue, our guidance for 2012 includes a slight increase due to deployment shifts. Our initial estimate for earnings per share for the year falls between $1.90 and $2.30. To help you with your reconciliations, I will mention that at today's prices fuel expense is $0.57 per share higher than 2011 and current FX rates cause a negative impact of approximately $0.20 per share versus last year. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Adam for his comments. Adam?
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Although it seems like a long time ago now, we are nevertheless pleased to have finished 2011 with solid fourth quarter results. The Caribbean cruise market ended the year in good health, and a number of our programs around the world began their northern winter or southern summer seasons with momentum. Consequently, bookings for the fourth quarter remained strong through December and our outlook for 2012 was promising entering the WAVE. Our enthusiasm was bolstered by the launch of our very well-received new marketing approach on January 9 featuring the line, "The Sea is Calling. Answer it Royally." As the others have noted, the situation today is considerably more uncertain than at the time of the year -- turn of the year, excuse me. While a few of our products are relatively unscathed by the downturn in bookings over the last 3 weeks, we have experienced softness in our main portfolio of Caribbean and European cruises. We believe that a recovery of booking momentum is highly likely. The question, of course, is the timing and strength of the prospective recovery. As of Monday, January 30, we have resumed our full normal marketing effort in the United States inclusive of television advertising. In other countries, we are in the process of resumption. We continue to watch booking trend developments very closely. To this point, we have not taken any significant pricing actions. It is worth noting that relative to any other time of the year, we are currently taking a high volume of bookings and we are taking those bookings at higher prices than we were at the same time a year ago. In the past, I have commented on the diversity of Royal Caribbean International's customer base. While it is too early to tell how much disruption there will be to our normal sourcing pattern, it is reassuring to know that we can draw in customers from around the world to fill many of our cruises. For example, in recent years we have sourced about 75% of our guests on European cruises from outside of the United States. If North America should recover booking strength more rapidly than Europe, we have the possibility of marketing our European cruises more extensively in North America to raise the percentage of Americans and Canadians on European cruises. This is one benefit of being a global cruise vacation brand. Dan?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Thanks, Adam. Good morning, everyone. The fourth quarter performed better than we had anticipated at the time of our last call due to strong close-in demand across the Caribbean product, which accounted for about 1/3 of our capacity. Our Caribbean product sailing from South Florida performed particularly well, although we saw upside across nearly our entire portfolio. We started out the year very strong and in fact had a record booking week for Celebrity during the first week of WAVE. We continued to see this close-in demand for our Caribbean product, which makes up the majority of our portfolio this winter. We have all 4 of our Solstice-class ships sailing in this market, along with our “Solsticized" Constellation and newly "Solsticized" Summit, which just came out of dry dock this past week. We're on pace to finish ahead of where we finished in Q1 2011 and '10. In addition, our non-Caribbean products, which represent about 20% of our capacity for this time period, are also performing well and ahead of prior years. Further out, we are booked ahead of same time last year as well as 2010, although we are not immune to the slowdown that has already been referenced. While we are still working in a period of uncertain demand, we have started to see improvement in bookings this week. It's still too early to say that we're out of the woods. However, the demand we have been experiencing, with the exception of some close-in tactical pricing that we would do normally, is coming in at the same prices that we were getting during the record week I mentioned. We did commission research last week to look at how the consumer is reacting to the Concordia incident. Because of the coverage this has received, we looked more broadly than the last round of research I told you about: We looked at North America, the U.K., Europe, Australia and South America. While it's clear that awareness is nearly universal, it's also clear that the consumer sees this as an isolated incident and generally feel confident that the cruise lines are taking the necessary steps to ensure the safety of their guests. Past cruisers, in particular, continue to rate cruising high on their list of vacation options. For past cruisers, there is little to no difference in their intent to cruise, from the research we did back in October. Potential first-time cruisers did show a decrease in interest. However, we have seen no increase in cruise rejectors. Our net takeaway of this research is that while bookings have slowed down, we do not think the slowdown will be long-lasting. Before I close, I'd like to mention our solsticizing project continues. And as previously mentioned, we just completed the Summit revitalization last week. Summit, like the Infinity and Constellation before her, look magnificent and features many of the iconic venues and attributes that we showcase in all our Solstice-class ships. Millennium will go into dry dock in April before she begins her Alaska season and is the last of the Millennium-class ships to be completed. Finally, the Reflection, our fifth and final Solstice-class ship, is under construction in Germany for an October delivery and, like her sister ships, will be truly spectacular. In addition, I'm pleased to announce that we were recently named best cruise line at the annual Travel Weekly Globe Awards in London as well as the Best Luxury Cruise Company at the Travel Agents Association awards in Dublin, Ireland. These, along with all the other awards and accolades that we received during 2011, further cement our place as the leader in the premium cruise category not only in the U.S. but also in Europe. Brian?
Brian J. Rice: Thanks, Dan. Nicole, We'd now like to open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions] Nicole?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Felice (sic) [Felicia] Hendrix of Barclays Capital.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Thank you for all the color pre-incident and post-incident. It's very helpful to get a picture of what was going on then and now. So interestingly, you've, well, actually, Adam, you mentioned that you've resumed advertising. [indiscernible] Dan, has Celebrity resumed advertising? Because I have a question related to that. And I guess, mainly, it is, the question is, do you have some kind of historical data points that could help us understand how much advertising typically will stimulate demand? Obviously, you've said that demand has started to improve. I would think that in correlation with resumed advertising, that would help. And I'm wondering if you would think that the WAVE season might now be extended, in other words, you might push that out a little bit farther since you've missed a few weeks.
Adam M. Goldstein: It's Adam. Effectively, what we've done is taken the advertising that we didn't do as scheduled in the second and third weeks of the WAVE and redistribute it along with the other planned advertising across about a 5-week period that began this week. So we would traditionally do, and we had planned this year to do the most volume of advertising in the first quarter because of the WAVE. And we will expend the anticipated amount of funds in the first quarter that we had originally planned to do, just distributed differently by week. So our historical experience, I guess you could say, under more normal circumstances is that, that level of marketing has clearly inspired WAVE bookings. And we are certainly hopeful that the recovery process on a week-by-week basis will allow us to create the -- recreate the momentum that we had before.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Felicia, to answer your question: Yes, we are back fully in the market advertising. And I agree with what Adam said. I think that the advertising we're doing will definitely help stimulate demand, but I also think the fact that the incident is getting less coverage is also helping. In the research we did, we did see that people had not started to sway away from cruising in general but did see this as an isolated incident. So I think the improvement's a combination of things. Our marketing people would tell you it's the brilliance of their marketing, but I also think that it's, some of this is being driven by the incident starting to get into the past a little.
Richard D. Fain: Felicia, it's Richard, and your -- the second part of your question was interesting. I don't know that I've thought of it in precisely those terms before, but I think one of the things we've experienced in the past is when something causes an interruption in bookings, we never fully get those back. There's a onetime impact that I remember a number of years ago, when hurricane shut down our call centers, we really felt that the calls lost during that day were never fully recovered. So I think there'll be some of that, but I do think the idea that this could extend the WAVE season is a possibility as well.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then my second part of the question is actually for you, Richard and Brian. A lot of us are trying to figure out, and you probably are as well, what this incident could have on the industry as a whole in terms of costs, whether it's higher safety costs or higher insurance costs. Insurance premiums are going to go up in general or maybe for -- maybe not for you in particular, but how have you thought about your cost structure going forward, the costs that are beyond what's your, what's in your control?
Richard D. Fain: Yes, and you're right, we certainly have thought about it. I'm not sure that we have any great insight into the question. There's so much we don't know. And of course, we and everyone else will be looking at this closely. Take them separately. With respect to actual new safety requirements et cetera, that's something I'm very much looking forward to. And I think you always learn something. You're well aware that our mantra is continuous improvement. But on the other hand, actually, I think, as an industry and as a company, our procedures and processes and safety expenses are done well. And I don't know that we're aware of anything that is, that we're aware of at this point, which would likely lead us in the direction that there's big costs coming there. We think, actually, it's more likely that you will see tweaking because our, I think our systems are pretty good, but that's the kind of thing we really need to keep an open mind about. We don't know if there's other things to be learned. We'll certainly be looking for that. And a similar answer with respect to insurance, that's even involved in bigger part of what and [ph] I don't know how insurance companies work. Obviously, I think many people say a significant incident like this affects every -- the whole insurance industry and that'll affect everybody not only in our industry but in other industries as well. But I think in the scheme of things we're still known and the insurance companies will look at us as a safe industry, so while I think there clearly will be something which, and by the way, we haven't made, we haven't tried to estimate it, I haven't tried to include it here, while there clearly will be something that we will learn from this and that we can do, we're not aware of anything at this point which would be dramatic.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I guess a couple of questions. Brian, I'm a little unclear about some of the changes that happened to the yields and the net cruise costs. And really, what changed in the distribution system? And why some of the deployments would affect that so much? So maybe some more clarity there and how that flows through the rest of the year. I know you saw the biggest impact from the first quarter. Could you give us an idea of the cadence of the impact to yields and net cruise costs in the remaining 3 quarters?
Brian J. Rice: Sharon, I'll give you an example. There were several changes that we've made in what we call distribution. Prior to this year, in one of our Latin American countries, the distribution was actually through a charter arrangement. And though we're staying partners with that distributor now, we'll actually not be chartering the ship and we'll be bringing all the revenues and all the costs into our structure. That also had a little bit of an impact on our fuel line, as well. It was a series of those sort of structures. It is more weighted toward the first quarter. I don't have the exact breakout in front of me, but I'm guessing more in the fourth quarter, probably the least amount in the third quarter, some in the second and some in the fourth is where that would be weighted. In terms of some of the other more structural things where we talked about deployment initiatives, Richard referenced the fact that the Voyager of the Seas is going to China. We also have a pretty significant increase in capacity in Australia this year. And those are really developmental markets for us, which is driving some of the higher fuel consumption. The cost of doing business in these markets is more expensive but -- and we've tried to break out the quantification on the yield side as well. We do get a benefit there.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then maybe a separate question. I, as well, appreciate the giving of guidance in such an uncertain time. I guess it's, I'm -- I guess I'm wondering how you're approaching the guidance as you look at this year. Are you taking kind of what you currently have on the books and creating some bandwidth around that? Are you taking the trends of the last 2 weeks and trend-lining that going forward? I just -- any kind of more granularity as we look at this guidance as to how you came up with it.
Brian J. Rice: Sharon, I don't think there's a single methodology that we overweighted on anything. We probably used everything you just mentioned and probably 20 other scenarios. I think our revenue management team, although we have only 3 weeks of data, we have a lot of experience with different elasticity scenarios and understanding when you have a certain amount of shortfall in demand, what sort of elasticity would be required to be able to make up for that. We did a lot of what-if scenarios going from slow recovery to more rapid recovery and tried to come up with -- as I mentioned in my opening comments, this is more of an art than a science. But I think we have the right folks giving us these projections. And we spent a lot of time over the last week or so -- one of the reasons for the call today was to try to get that extra knowledge. Again, we -- there is a lot of uncertainty but this is our best estimate from all the tea leaves we've been able to read.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Kevin Milato (sic) [Milota] of JPMorgan.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The questions here. Just trying to get a sense for how deployments are changing for '12 given some of the distribution initiatives that you're going through, so if you'd give [ph] some clarity in terms of capacity in Europe versus what you're moving around and then also how that kind of plays through for North America, so for the Caribbean and Alaska cruises would be great.
Adam M. Goldstein: Kevin, it's Adam. Well, we've mentioned the major ones actually, I think, along the way. But certainly, the move of Voyager of the Seas to China and also Australia because of -- they have seasonal deployments in the 2 regions, which was on top of, already, a growth that we have as several brands, particularly Royal Caribbean and Celebrity in Australia, has moved more of our deployment portfolio to the other side of the world. And that's a bigger driver for us than anything that's going on this year in Europe, where actually we've reduced Eastern Mediterranean capacity, somewhat increased Northern European capacity. But Europe on the whole is not a meaningful change in our deployment, slightly down to be exact.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then also, from kind of a revenue management standpoint and pricing standpoint, you made some comments that you haven't seen pricing fall meaningfully. Is it more that you're holding the line on price directly after the Concordia event? Or -- so you're holding out for potentially higher prices as you see booking activity improve?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Kevin, it's Dan. Good question. If we were at any other time of the year, we would be really excited about the demand that we have. But because we're in the WAVE, it's down a little bit. So we have held out on the pricing. We have made some tactical pricing decisions in the first quarter that we would've made regardless of what had happened as we worked to fill in holes in our inventory, but at this point, we're getting good demand. We're just not getting WAVE demand. And this week, as you've heard everybody say, we're starting to see improvement, and the pricing has stayed the same.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Wieczynski of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Brian, I was wondering if you could help us kind of think about how, for your guidance for '12, and I know this is a pretty tough question to answer, but how are you guys thinking about the booking window for the next couple of months just given that it sounds like Dan really hasn't -- Dan talked about not moving pricing too much. But how are you guys, just what I'm trying to figure out is how -- what are you guys thinking the booking window here, going forward?
Brian J. Rice: I think it's kind of a daily adjustment. I think it is important to recognize that, as needed, we are taking pricing action. Our initial read on this was that there was a contraction of the booking window. Clearly, for summer sailings, there's been less of an urgency to make the bookings. One of the reasons WAVE season is usually what it is, is you have a lot of people looking to escape the winter, you have people who are now looking at a new calendar and trying to plan their vacations for the year and getting ahead of their summer vacation planning. Plus, you have a lot of people who are already beginning to plan next holiday season. And the bookings that have held up the best are the further-out bookings, which is where we think we have evidence of the fact that this should be somewhat limited in its duration of impact. But we are, to some degree, betting on that more contracted window, but our revenue management team will be watching this depending on the particular market and product and brand that we're looking at and they are prepared to take the necessary actions in the near term to maximize the revenue within a given period.
Steven M. Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then second question. You gave a lot of color around your outlook kind of pre the incident, but can you just kind of help us think about how you were thinking about the European market kind of going through '12 in terms of what you guys were expecting out of yields in that market?
Brian J. Rice: Yes. I -- the Baltic did exceptionally well last year and has been off to a very good start, going forward. I think in our projections we were probably looking roughly to get about half of the impact of the Arab Spring back in the Eastern Med. We do have, as Adam alluded to, I think the number is about 15%, 16% less capacity in the Eastern Med in '12 than we had in '11, and obviously, that's helping us. And the tensions are not quite as escalated as they were a year ago. So we -- I think our internal projections were to, at that time, to get about half of it back.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have a question. I think I probably know what the answer to this is, but it would be helpful to hear you talk about. Does the impact you're seeing on bookings from the Concordia, does that have any impact on your thinking about the option -- you have an option for a second Sunshine-class ship that expires later this month, and I wondered if you could just talk about how that affects your thinking.
Richard D. Fain: Thanks, Robin. Obviously, something like this affects all of our thinking on almost any topic, especially in the immediate aftermath. And as you know, we won't specifically comment on what we're about to do. But I think I'm actually glad you asked it in retrospect. At first, I dreaded it, but I think I'm glad you asked it because I think it really helps emphasize a point, which is we just don't think this is going to have a long-lasting impact. It's obviously having a near-term impact and that's obviously painful, and it obviously has an emotional impact and that's painful too. But I think, as a practical matter, we think that people understand that cruising is safe and so we don't think in the long term this will have any huge impact on cruising. And so I think it is unlikely to play a significant factor in the decision about exercising the option. The -- that decision is a long-term decision, and I think the long-term outlook is not materially different.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tim Conder of Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of pieces, Adam and Dan. Can you comment what you're seeing, given the positioning of your brands as far as booking volume between the brands? Are you holding up better with the Royal Caribbean brand, the Celebrity brand? And then also with the recovery that you're seeing and I guess as a part of that question also, the on-board spending that you're seeing by brand post the event? So that's question number one, and then I'll circle back for number two in a second here.
Adam M. Goldstein: Tim, it's Adam. Obviously, we are normally not making distinctions between brand performance on these calls. Under the circumstances, I will say that, as Brian mentioned and possibly Richard, too, in their original comment, one of the trends that has emerged over last few weeks is, relatively speaking, the reticence of potential first-time cruisers to come into the category. And as you know, one of the responsibilities of Royal Caribbean International for the company and for the industry is to attract first-timers into the category. So of our brands, we would naturally feel the most impact in the aftermath of a tragedy like this. And I'll turn it over to Dan for his comments.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Tim, my comments are similar to Adam's. We have a very strong Captain's Club program that we've shifted a lot of our marketing that direction and I think that's been helping us. And this is a little bit anecdotal, but I'll give you an interesting fact: We've worked hard on board our ships to sign up people for their next cruise. And in January, we saw no difference pre or post the incident. And in fact, January was a record month for us in terms of sign-ups. And I think it's important to note that Azamara is also doing well right now. We've seen good things there. And all our brands have strong loyalty programs, so I think that we have the ability to pull from a very loyal base and it's a big base.
Adam M. Goldstein: Tim, if I can come back for a minute to your question on shipboard revenue. I think I mentioned on the last call that our brands were engaged in a variety of activities and initiatives to boost on-board revenue going forward. And there's, of course, extremely little data that has occurred in 2012, but to the extent that we've seen it, it appears that these initiatives are beginning to bear fruit, and we have not seen any notable decline or even any decline in shipboard revenue in the last few weeks.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the second question would relate to the yield guidance contrasted to the EPS guidance. And Brian, I know there's a lot of other things you talked about, the spending initiatives and the higher fuel and the FX impact, but given the 400-basis-point range in net yields, and I know that you guys are -- it's really struggling to -- and that's a wide understandable range, but that, with the roughly 26% share impact per yield point, and yet that would imply almost, from that alone, about a $1 range in an EPS, can you kind of walk us from that to the range that you have of $0.40?
Brian J. Rice: Yes, Tim, I think we -- a $0.40 range for us on EPS is a very wide range. And I think it's safe. Again, we're not -- there is a lot more volatility here than we've seen in some time. And I think there are possibilities outside of both the yield range and the EPS range, but we try to give a range. I think it is unlikely that you would get the best of both worlds or the worst of both worlds. And so what we've tried to do is find a combination in which we felt we were in a reasonably comfortable range. We were focused more around the midpoints and the deviation from those midpoints when we're trying to give the EPS range.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Kent of Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, when you think about how you'll go back on marketing and back on TV, would you consider keeping sort of your list price the same but maybe using more on-board promotions as an incentive to maybe getting people on? So sort of to induce some travel but maybe not have as much of an impact? And then secondarily, just as I think about the first quarter, my recollection is you were guiding 5% to 7% net yield growth. And how much of that is already locked in? And if I then do the math for the balance of the year, you're suggesting a much more dramatic slowdown for the rest of the year. Am I getting that right to get to that number that you're forecasting of 1% to 5%?
Brian J. Rice: Steve, just quickly, I'll take the second part of the question. I think you're right. We, ordinarily, I think we would have looked for more of the summer to be driving some of the improvements given the recovery within the Mediterranean and what we were seeing in our advance bookings. I think we are looking at the biggest haircut, as a result of the incident, coming in Q2 and Q3, at this point in time. And I'll let Adam talk about the advertising.
Adam M. Goldstein: Steve, well, one of the benefits of the sophistication of our revenue management approach is we have a whole arsenal of tools that we're using from time to time throughout the year for lots of purposes, not just in the aftermath of something very significant. And clearly, on-board credits is one of the main type of tools that we can engage when we need to be active promotionally. So we are looking across countries, products, varying cruise lengths, and we will try to apply the promotional techniques that make the most sense. If there is a market that has a higher percentage of air fee business, for example, then we can work around the flight in terms of promotional activity. If it's more of a cruise-only market, it might be on-board credits, as you mentioned. So we have a lot of opportunities and we're watching the trends emerge on a day-by-day basis, and then we'll start to apply whatever we need to apply to meet our expectations.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And how much is, Brian, how much is booked for the first quarter already? How much is essentially locked in?
Brian J. Rice: It's a very high percentage. Obviously, January is behind us at this point in time. I think most of the volatility at this point would be some of the March sailings. And then as, I believe, in Tim's question, it -- a lot would come down to the on-board revenue spending. But I think we're pretty comfortable within our range at this point in time. I think Dan wanted to follow up on Adam's comments, as well.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Steve, I think your point's a good one. We are trying to make sure that we can keep our prices up. We launched a program this week where we did half deposits. And so instead of the full deposits, we did half deposits, and we think we've gotten some pretty good traction off that. We did an air promotion in the U.K. this week and we think we've gotten some real good traction off of that. So we're going to use the whole toolkit here and the objective is to keep that price where it -- where we think it should be. Good question.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian of Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: 2 questions. First one is, I know there's nothing exactly like this, but typically, what's the length of the impact to bookings and net yield from previous industry incidents that maybe have gotten negative media coverage? And then the second part of that is, would you expect a bounce-back the following year from maybe first-time cruisers that are holding off this year so maybe you'll have some pent-up demand into 2013?
Richard D. Fain: I think with respect to the first part of the question, we would have to say that this is just so unusual a situation that we really can't do much in terms of drawing comparisons. We think that the better job that we and our industry organizations and our travel agents do in communicating the facts about cruise ship safety will be an important element of reassuring the public. I -- our sense is, and we are already seeing it in the bookings, that, and as Dan pointed out, we saw it in some of the research that we've done, that the public really does get it. They really do understand that it is a safe and secure industry notwithstanding the very sensational headlines at the moment. But I think they separate the two. And even in a very safe environment, there's no, as we've said elsewhere, there's no such thing as perfect safety, just perfect dedication to safety. And I think our industry has that and will continue to emphasize that. So I think it's a question of how well we get that message out, and we're working to do that. I'm just not sure we can make comparisons to other industries. And with respect to the people and how this impacts next year, I think we will next year and in future periods, I think we -- I made the point earlier that some of this isn't so much convincing people. It's just, if people didn't take an action, they didn't book a cruise in this week, some of that just simply is never recovered, but it has no ongoing impact so I think there's sort of an automatic benefit next year. And we had an extraordinary loss of bookings for a few weeks in January, and just isolated on those bookings, that will give us a bump in the beginning of next year.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Assia Georgieva of Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva: Just one question. Assuming that the booking volumes from the last, let's say, 3 to 5 days remain constant, how long would you be willing to hold price? And if we go back to the H1N1 outbreak in Mexico in, back in April of 2009, when I think both you and Carnival actually held price for about a month, is this something you would be willing to do given it's WAVE season?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Assia, it's Dan. That's a good crystal ball question, I think. We have seen some improvement that's encouraging this week. And each week has gotten better. I think Brian, when Brian mentioned earlier and I had mentioned in my opening comments that we've done close-in tactical pricing to fill what we need to fill so to make sure that we don't just totally miss revenue, we'll continue to do that. We've had a lot of discussion around that topic. I mean, how long do we wait? I had a staff meeting yesterday. It was the #1 topic. At this point, we're holding fast. I think we've done some very good things with our marketing and with the promotions that we have in place and we've seen some traction. So for the time being, we're going to hold our ground. How long that'll last will depend upon what kind of results we get over time.
Assia Georgieva: And Dan, even though it's WAVE, given current booking volumes, you can hold price for quite a bit...
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Well, I think, if you look at our guidance, that would be -- that gives you an indication of what the volatility is and how wide the spread is. But yes, we'd like to hold price, but if we have to take pricing action to fill ships, we'll definitely do it.
Assia Georgieva: All right, well [ph] we'll wait, and hopefully, we won't have to see that again. This kind of relates to Tim Conder's question, that the spread in yields is a little bit wider than one would expect to drop down to the EPS line.
Brian J. Rice: Yes, Assia, it is. And we realize, if you take the high end of yields and the low end of cost and the low end of yield and the high end of cost, you're going to have a much greater spread. I think our range on costs are pretty tight that we've provided and is -- we've given you a lot of transparency as to what's driving that. This really is about the yields. But we've put forth our best effort here to try to give you a range that we think we can manage to, but again, there's still tremendous uncertainty out there.
Operator: The final question is from the line of Jamie Rollo of Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First on the yield guidance pre and post the incident. You've reduced your expectations by about 200 basis points at the midpoint. I'm just wondering, given your fairly confident comments about the recovery in bookings recently, plus the fact you've sold, I guess, over the half of the year, is that sort of -- it seems quite a large number, that's all, given what you've seen most recently. And also on the yield guidance, on that sort of change versus, before the incident, you haven't changed your pricing, as you say. You might let that happen, but would you consider letting occupancy sort of slip for a bit and maybe try and hold prices rather than sort of price to fill?
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Jamie. I think you're right, the midpoint's around 200. I think the spread here is anywhere from a little impact to maybe as much as 300 or 400 basis points. Again, if we've conveyed a sense of confidence around the most, the last few days and extrapolating that to the fact that the damage is done and we're away from this, I want to be very clear: We believe there's still a tremendous amount of uncertainty here. We're giving you our best estimates based on 3 weeks of data. I think we are encouraged by the last several days, but I think, as Richard said, it's dangerous to extrapolate that. This is not a clear pattern at this point in time, but we've tried to be as transparent as possible. I think I want to be careful here, I think it's dangerous for us to be talking too much about our pricing strategy in a public forum. I think our revenue management team will be looking at this on an individual sailing basis, making judgment calls about how to best optimize our revenue on any given sailing and in total. Our strategies vary widely by brand and they vary by market. And based on the conditions, there will be occasions where we may sacrifice load factor for price and there will be other times where volume will be more important to us. And it is something that each brand has its own strategy. And we have a lot of product managers within the individual brands that -- they actually know their markets best, so it's not kind of a "one size fits all" revenue management practice.
Richard D. Fain: And Jamie, if I could just emphasize one point that Brian made. I think we've actually gotten rather spoiled in our industry that we are able to predict our yields as accurately as we have. We really -- this is a situation that we don't feel that we have -- that our experience necessarily gives us as good an indication as we would like. And it really doesn't prepare us for this, so I actually would have said, if anything, I think you should take it that there is more risk than usual that we'll go outside the ranges rather than less risk. We're really very uncertain, looking forward. We hope we haven't conveyed more knowledge than we have. We've tried to be open, we've tried to -- I thought Brian summarized it very well by saying, "Here's all the pluses and here's all the minuses," but I don't think anybody yet knows how to balance those, and so we're trying to give the best information we can. But I think, in fairness to you, we need to say that the uncertainty is a big part of what we, that's ironic, that the uncertainty is a big part of what we know, and I would just emphasize that, looking forward.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great, that's very clear. If I could have one quick follow-up. You mentioned the survey of potential cruisers and that the reduction in tension amongst the -- amongst those who are new to cruising. Could you just quantify what that change in tension was and also how important new cruisers are to you as a group?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Jamie, it's Dan. New cruisers are important to us as a group, so it's a good part of our business. Without -- because -- yes, it's 1/3 of our business. I'm being coached a little bit here. The survey, I want to point out, it's a point in time, so I want to be careful to not go overboard because what we did is we looked at country-by-country-by-country. And we saw different things in country. We saw that people that have cruised before, their interest has remained high. We saw that there was an increase, when we asked the question, "Are you more or less interested in going on a cruise?" we saw that there was an increase in less interested people that hadn't ever cruised before. They weren't -- they were cruise considerers. They weren't cruise rejectors, but they had an increase. And without getting into specifics on any individual market, it did increase for potential first-timers.
Brian J. Rice: Okay. All right, thanks, Jamie. And thank you for everyone for joining us today. As usual, Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-ups you may have. And again, thank you for joining us, and we wish everyone a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian J. Rice - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Daniel J. Hanrahan - Chief Executive of Celebrity Cruises and President of Celebrity Cruises Adam M. Goldstein - Chief Executive of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International Richard D. Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rebecca, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Brian Rice. You may begin.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Rebecca, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank each of you for joining us this morning for our third quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides which we have posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com  Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin with his comments. I will follow with a recap of our results and update our forward guidance. Adam and Dan will then talk more about our brands and provide you with some insight into recent consumer research we have done and modifications we have made to our deployment as a result of the situation in the Eastern Mediterranean. Following which, we will open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thank you, Brian, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. As always, I enjoy the opportunity to talk about the status of our business and it gives me an opportunity to discuss a little bit about where we're heading. First of all, I don't have to tell you that it's important to recognize the volatility around the political and economic headlines is creating a great deal of uncertainty and angst for us and for everybody else. As an increasingly global enterprise, we are whipsawed, again, like everyone else, by the rapidly changing political and economic winds that are blowing across the United States and Europe. Against this background, our business has actually demonstrated a remarkable stability. Looking at our current performance, the 2 main observations that we, as a management team, have come to are: a, our business in the third quarter is basically on target with our expectations and so is the fourth quarter; and b, our forward bookings are solid and they continue to come in at a good pace. Having said that, we continue to be frustrated by the volatility that outside forces have on some of our items, particularly below the line. For example, the rapid swings in oil prices and foreign exchange rates do impact our bottom line and we are well aware that the bottom line is what everyone focuses on. At the beginning of the year, those swings helped us. The more recent swings have come back to hurt us and if you look at the year as a whole, they were positive and we intend to continue to focus on the sustained performance, not on the quarterly swings. Nevertheless, we do recognize how frustrating it is if one looks at it on a quarterly basis. In this regard, we thought it might be helpful if we reviewed how our situation has changed during this calendar year. Slide 2 in the presentation that you can see online shows how we've gotten from our original guidance, midpoint of $3.35 earnings per share for the year to our current expectation of a midpoint of $2.75. As you can see on the left, there have been 2 main hits. The first and biggest, of course, relates to be the geopolitical disruptions in the Eastern Mediterranean and also the problems in Japan. And the second, was the accounting error that we discovered in July. As you can see, essentially what happened -- and I'm sorry, on the right, which you can see is essentially what happened in the rest of our business. For the year as a whole, our actual performance of the business outside of those 2 areas was quite bit better than expected. First, and very importantly, costs were well controlled. The right-hand bar on cost, also I would note, is after the increase in fuel costs so it's quite an impressive cost performance. The bar mark Other includes revenue, which also includes everything that happened in the Western Mediterranean items, foreign exchange and other, and that came in about as expected. What happened was itineraries in places like the Caribbean and Alaska performed better than expected and these improvements even offset areas that were hurt by the bad economy and by other political turmoil. We are still incredibly disappointed at the impact of what happened in the Eastern Mediterranean this season. On the other hand, we're encouraged that overall, our performance has -- our business has performed as well it has in a very difficult economic and political environment. Now turning to 2012. This is the point in which we usually begin to feel comfortable about looking at the current -- the coming year. We already have a good level of booking and we are particularly pleased that those bookings are at a higher load factor and at a higher price than they were a year ago. And a year ago, they were very good indeed. So this is the point in which we would normally say, let's look forward and begin to make predictions about 2012. However, no management can witness the political stalemate on both sides of the Atlantic or the deterioration of consumer confidence in spending without being concerned about how those factors will develop over the coming months and year. So far, we've seen surprisingly little slowdown due to those pressures. Some impact is already being felt, but not at the level one would expect based on the economic statistics or the media coverage. But all these makes us more cautious than usual in making predictions about 2012. We have said, as noted in the press release, that our management -- our revenue management team is looking forward to further yield improvements for 2012, but were reluctant in light of all the other factors going on to be more particular than that. I would emphasize that we are not expecting yield improvements due to economic tailwinds. On the contrary, we think we have been and we think we will continue to feel the drag of a lumbering economy. But 2012 will have one of the lowest rates and capacity growth in years and at the same time, it will have some significant benefits from our expanded global deployment. As Adam and Dan will talk about in a little while, we have been able to shift our itineraries to new and faster growing markets. For example, we've reduced our presence in some of the weakest Eastern Mediterranean sailings substantially. In addition to the profitability of our business, we are also focused on the financial strength. We have strong liquidity and we're reducing our debt, improving our leverage and increasing all of our coverage ratios. All of this is consistent with our determination to return to investment grade status in the near future. As noted in the press release, we don't foresee a need to access the capital markets at all over the next couple of years although we will continue to act opportunistically if opportunities arise. With that it's my pleasure to turn the microphone back to Brian.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Richard. On the third slide, we have summarized our performance in the third quarter. We generated net income of $399 million or $1.82 per share. Net yields improved 5.3% on an as-reported basis and 2.6% on a constant-currency basis. Net revenue, excluding currency, exceeded our previous guidance by about $0.08 per share as a result of strong close in bookings, particularly for Europe and the Caribbean. Net ticket revenue yields were up 6.8% year-over-year driven by all itineraries other than Eastern Mediterranean and Asia. Alaska and Caribbean itineraries were exceptionally strong, increasing by more than 15% each, and I think it is worth noting that our yields in Alaska this year were the highest in our history. Net onboard and other revenues were up marginally the quarter with increases from our North American guests, mostly offset by a mix shift towards lower spending guests from Europe. Adam will talk more about the trends in onboard in a few minutes. On the cost side, excluding fuel, our Net Cruise Costs on a constant-currency basis were up only 0.7% and were up 2.5% on an as-reported basis, both significantly better than our previous forecast. The improvement was mainly driven by our continued focus on costs with some modest shifting into the fourth quarter. Fuel consumption was slightly better than forecast and fuel costs were very consistent with our earlier calculations. Although there were reductions in WTI prices during the quarter, our at-the-pump prices remained relatively stable at about $608 per metric ton. Below the line, we had a mark-to-market loss of $0.08 per share related to our fuel options. As you may recall, we had options for 2012 at a strike price of $100, and for 2013 at a strike price of $90. After the quarter closed, we sold the 2012 options and we will be realizing the small gain in the fourth quarter. The 2013 options have been prepaid and have a book value on September 30 of approximately $11 million. From an operating point of view, we were pleased to exceed our prior guidance for yields, costs and operating income. The mark-to-market loss for the fuel options unfortunately prevented us from reaching the top end of our EPS guidance.  Switching to the demand environment, our load factors and APDs are ahead of the same time last year for both the fourth quarter and 2012. In the fourth quarter, we expect to finish with double-digit yield improvements in the Caribbean, but lower yields than last year in the Eastern Mediterranean and Asia. Fortunately, the Caribbean accounts for 47% of our capacity in the fourth quarter, while the Eastern Med and Asia represent only 13% and 2%, respectively. We saw a very strong close-in demand in the quarter, but we are hesitant to forecast the continuation of this strength in the traditionally weaker fourth quarter particularly given all the uncertainty in the market today. Looking out to 2012, I need to caution that it is still very early in the selling cycle and there is clearly a great deal of uncertainty about where the economy is heading. Traditionally, we base our forecast on the real-time demand environment. And based on what we're seeing today, things look pretty good. But at the same time, it is hard to ignore the economic headlines and the pervasive pessimism throughout the business community. To help us understand where demand might be going, we have done research to better understand what consumers are thinking in our various markets and where vacation spending may fall in their priorities. Dan will update you on our findings in a moment but we thought you might like to see how we've gotten to where we are today. On Slide 4, we have illustrated the differences between our booked load factors for 2012 and 2011 for each week from April 1 through last week. As you can see, the percentage of our inventories that has been sold for 2012 is higher than the same time last year and this has consistently been the case since April. On the Slide 5, we have graphed the difference in the booked APDs between 2012 and 2011. Here, we have shown 2 lines. One, for APDs on an as-reported basis and the other is on a constant-currency basis. Both figures are favorable as of today, which is encouraging especially when you consider the fact that the 2011 basis includes Eastern Mediterranean pricing before the Europe spring. The greater volatility and recent decline of the green dotted line is due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, which devalues our foreign currency business. More important, however, has been the strength of our constant-currency pricing. The solid blue line shows what consumers are paying for our cruises in their local currency and here, we have seen steady improvement over the last couple of months. Although we feel it is too early to provide definitive guidance for 2012, we are cautiously optimistic for continued yield accretion based on these early trends. Now I'd like to update our forward guidance. On Slide 6, you will see our guidance for the fourth quarter. We expect yields to be up 3% to 4% on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. Net Cruise Costs excluding fuel are forecasted to increase 3% to 4% on a constant-currency basis and approximately 4% on an as-reported basis. We have included $204 million of fuel expense in our forecast and we are 57% hedged for the quarter.  Turning to Slide 7. For the full year, we expect yields to increase approximately 4% on an as-reported basis and between 2% and 3% on a constant-currency basis. Net Cruise Costs excluding fuel are expected to be up between 2% and 3% on an as-reported basis and between 1% and 2% on a constant-currency basis. Earnings per share for the year are now expected to be between $2.70 and $2.80, which is a decrease of $0.15 since July. Approximately $0.12 is due to change in currency rates and the balance relates to the change in value of our fuel options, partially offset by modest improvement in our operating performance. I would now like turn the call over to Adam for his comments. Adam?
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Brian and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to have delivered solid results from the third quarter despite the nature and extent of the challenges we faced in the Eastern Mediterranean and in Asia. While we will never know what we could have achieved in the absence of these challenges, the Royal Caribbean International brand continues to build a foundation for global success that encompasses market leadership in the United States and in a number of priority international source market. As you have heard Brian speak, we were the beneficiaries of late booking strength in Q3, both in Europe and in the Caribbean. Now many of our ships are repositioning from Europe to the Caribbean, South America or Australia to begin their new seasonal deployment. Looking forward, 2012 will be the first year of no capacity growth for the Royal Caribbean International brand since 1994. In each of the previous 17 years, we either introduced one or more new ships or had the spill-over capacity effect of a ship from previous year. In the absence of new capacity, we are focused on the execution of our global sales and marketing programs, revitalization of our existing ships, maximization of guest satisfaction, development of travel agent and guest spacing technology and retention of strong cost control. Speaking of revitalization, the Splendour of the Seas arrived this week at the dry dock in Cadiz, Spain for a substantial makeover. We will continue our Royal Advantage revitalization program with equally substantial makeovers of Grandeur of the Seas and Rhapsody of the Seas in early 2012. So in the absence of new ship introductions, we will be adding features we have pioneered on recent new builds to our older ships, thereby ensuring the continuation of Royal Caribbean's reputation for industry-leading hardware to go with our Gold Anchor Service. While the focus of our operation is on delivering guest satisfaction rather than our winning award, it is a testament to the men and women of Royal Caribbean that since the last earnings call, we have won recognition as best cruise line in the U.K., China, Denmark, Norway and other countries, as well as from several top U.S. distributors. I'm also pleased to be able to say that the new port of Falmouth, Jamaica in the first year of operation, won the Seatrade Insider award for World's Best Cruise Port.  Before I conclude, I would like to mention briefly 2 additional topics of interest, particularly on the current environment. The first is onboard revenue. Our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2011, of course, contains our onboard and other revenue actuals for the year-to-date and forecast for the remainder of the year. Overall, we anticipate modest improvement in onboard and other revenue spend per guest per night. The primary reasons this revenue stream is growing more slowly than ticket yields are decreased gaming spend and the changed composition of our guest mix. Within the guest mix, onboard spend per guest per night will increase this year for U.S. customers. As we have noted on previous calls, we are carrying more European customers this year than last year. These European guests spend less onboard than our U.S. customers do and their spending per guest per night is down year-over-year. All of our brands are engaged in a variety of efforts to improve onboard revenue performance in 2012.  The second topic is fleet deployment. Our largest brands are active around the world and we consider the geographical diversification of our deployment to be an advantage of our business model. We are able to make adjustments relatively quickly to address changing circumstances. Since the July earnings call, we have announced a number of changes to reduce our capacity in the Eastern Mediterranean in 2012. For example, Royal Caribbean International will replace Vision of the Seas' Holy Land's itineraries with extended seasons in Northern Europe and Brazil. Meanwhile, Celebrity Solstice will ship 50% of it's Eastern Mediterranean cruises to the Western Mediterranean. In aggregate, with the recent adjustments the company has reduced it's previously planned Eastern Mediterranean deployment by 17%. Dan?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Thanks, Adam. Good morning everybody. We continue to feel very positive about the progress we're making with Celebrity. The consumer and travel agency community have made this Celebrity's most award-winning year in its industry. We were recently voted the best large ship cruise line by readers of Condé Nast Traveller and Best Cruise Line Cuisine and Best Cruise Line Spa by Recommend's Annual Readers' Choice Award. In addition, we received several Travel Weekly Magellan Awards, which are voted on by the trade. These and ongoing press reviews year-over-year continuously recognize our commitment to our guest experience. During the third quarter, we had healthy demand for our Alaska and Bermuda products, whereas demand in Europe was a bit more mixed. As we spoke about on our last call and as you've heard here today, demand in the Eastern Med and Holy Land was softer than in the Northern Europe and was not immune to the political and economic changes -- challenges that have been so prevalent in the news. Even with these challenges, we still had healthy year-over-year yield improvements for the quarter. Europe product overall continues to be globally sourced. And similar to last year, we will sail with a higher percentage of guests coming from outside the U.S. on this product.  Looking ahead, the Caribbean product where we will have over 60% of our capacity this fall and winter, is shaping up nicely. We will have all 4 of our Solstice-class ships sailing in this market and will be debuting the Celebrity Silhouette next week to our Northeast trade partners before we begin a series of 12-night Eastern and Southern Caribbean itineraries from Cape Liberty from November to April. The Caribbean is performing well and we are on pace to finish ahead of where we finished in Q4 2010 and Q1 2011. Our non-Caribbean products, which represent 40% of our capacity, are also performing well. Our ambitious Solsticizing program continues with Celebrity Infinity in just a couple of weeks and will be filed by the Celebrity Summit and Celebrity Millennium in January and April. Additionally, on October 10, where they're showcasing our expertise in wine and food, Celebrity announced plans to introduce an entirely new series of wine-themed cruises in France, Spain and Portugal during peak harvest season in 2012, enhancing our already broad and varied European vacation options. At the same time, Celebrity is enhancing its presence in the Mediterranean on 2 of its award-winning Solstice-class ships, the new Celebrity Silhouette and flagship Celebrity Solstice. To offer experience with the lines, guest surveys indicate will be even more appealing with more ports in both Italy and Croatia. As Brian mentioned, we do a considerable amount of consumer research. The research is used amongst other things to inform our deployment decision. Customer feedback regarding the Eastern Med drove the deployment decision you heard Adam outline just earlier. We thought it would be interesting to share some of the more macro trends from research completed last week in our 3 largest markets, the U.S., Canada and the U.K. For this particular round of research, we looked at prospects and past guests for Celebrity and Royal Caribbean for each of the markets I mentioned. We looked at how each of these audiences look at general economic conditions in their country today and into the future. We looked at how they feel about their home personal financial condition. We also looked at where they are spending their money to buy things and took a deeper look at travel, if they were willing to spend for a vacation. The way the consumers feel about the world economy and their countries' economy is interesting. All countries feel the world economy is headed in the wrong direction. When it comes to their own country, the views vary. Canadian prospects and past guests are the most optimistic and generally feel that their economy is headed in the right direction. The U.S. prospects and past guests feel the U.S. economy is headed in the wrong direction and the same groups in the U.K. are polarized. Interestingly, our research company thesis is very similar to where the U.S. consumer was in 2009. Since the economic crisis began in 2008, approximately 50% of each of the audiences are reporting they have made cutbacks in their spending. This is a true -- this is true across each market and there is very little variation from the 50% by audience. However, there are a couple of big headlines here that were not instantly intuitive. In regards to personal finances, we found satisfaction with current personal financial situation outweighs concerns about the future. While consumers do express concern about the future across all 3 markets for both prospects and past guest, at least 70% of people feel satisfied with their personal financial situation. The most compelling headline I can share is even in a tough economy, respondents across all audiences are still prioritizing vacations and travel over other categories, even if that means sacrificing some of the more frequent day-to-day purchases. Vacation spending remains a priority. Not surprising, the consumers says they want the following for their vacation: they want to get the most bang for their buck, they want go someplace new and have an adventure and they want to be able to set and stick to a specific budget. Getting the most value from a vacation while still being able to do something new and exciting is the big takeaway. As a result, past guests rank cruises right at the top of their vacation to-do list. Given the value criteria I just described, consumers are using to make their vacation decisions, it's not surprising that cruises rank right up near the top on the vacation to-do list or prospects as well. It's clear from our research that the consumer believes that the economic conditions will continue to be choppy in the foreseeable future. It's also clear that cruising and in particular, our brands, are seen by the majority of our consumers who prefer not to cut back on travel as leading options for their vacation choice. Brian?
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Dan. We'll now open the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Rebecca, if you can open the call please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Steven Wieczynski with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Brian, you talked about the close-in bookings in the third quarter being pretty strong, and your outlook for the fourth quarter is for them not to stay as strong as what you saw in the third quarter. Is that something that you've already started to see or is that just more kind of a historical pattern that you are expecting to kind of play out?
Brian J. Rice: Steve, actually, October was fairly solid to date in terms of the close-in bookings. I think just as we get more into the winter months, we tend to take a little bit more conservative view. We have taken, as I'm sure you calculated by now, a little bit of a haircut into the fourth quarter. We saw a little bit more weakness in the Eastern Med. The Caribbean seems to be holding up fairly strong but what we wanted to caution against is kind of the surge. And the -- exceeding our yield performances we did in the third quarter, we kind of want to have governor on there in the fourth quarter just -- because it is traditionally softer.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, got you. And then as you look to 2012, we've seen some of your competitors discount a little bit more aggressively to get more inventory filled. Is that something that you guys have started to move into or is that something you could potentially do?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Hey, Steve, it's Dan. At this point, we saw the -- I know you saw the slides that Brian put up, our load factors are higher and our prices are higher. So the approach that we've taken, we're comfortable with at the point in time that we're in right now.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, got you. And then one quick one for Adam. In terms of the deployment that you talked about, you didn't mention the Independence of the Seas moving out of the U.K. market. Is that -- can you go through that? Is that just more of a weather-related issue or is there something else going on there?
Adam M. Goldstein: It's a function of assessing where are the 22 best places for Royal Caribbean ships to be either on the winter or summer seasons. I will say that if you look over time, we probably would be inclined strategically to continue to develop the Independence with our itinerary out of Southampton. I would say, these days when there's more uncertainty in the marketplace, particularly around European cruising, we felt that we should make a change where we're likely to generate more revenue in the Caribbean for that shift than we would if we stayed in Southampton in the winter of 2012, '13.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Janet Brashear with Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the Mediterranean, but more towards Greece and tell us maybe what percentage of itineraries touch Greece next year? How many times recently have you had to divert ships from Piraeus due to the riots and disruption there? And is that translating into any reluctance relative to booking at this point? And finally, if things do get worse, which we all hope they don't, and you have to change itineraries, what would your plan be for those itineraries?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Janet, it's Dan. I can't give you the exact percentage on all that right now. What I can tell you in general is that we have reduced our capacity in the Eastern Med by 17%. So the way we look at the Eastern Med is that, that's something that makes it way over to Greece or down into the Holy Land. And so for next year, we've taken that down by 17%. And those were decisions that we made within the last few weeks and have been announced, I think, right up until today. Those final announcements will be made. So we've already taken some pretty strong action, reducing our capacity in the Eastern Med. And at this point, I think that those decisions that we've made are good ones. We looked at not only what's happening over there, but we looked at the pace of bookings and so they were well-informed decisions. And on top of that, we used the research that I mentioned earlier. In terms of how many missed calls we've had in Athens, I can't give you that number right off the top of my head but if you want, then I can give it to you later this morning.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Dan, also if I could just follow up, I think you said earlier, if I heard you right, that 40% of your itineraries next year were outside of the U.S. or North America. Assuming that's correct or if it's not, maybe you can fix it for me, where are those by country as we think of sort of U.K., Germany, Italy, and then maybe some emerging market?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Sure, Janet, what I was referring to there was the fall and winter of this year and into the beginning of 2012. So 60% of Celebrity's capacity will be in the Caribbean on that time period. And then outside of the Caribbean, it will be predominantly South America and Australia and New Zealand during that time. So their the 2 biggest markets outside. Around the rest of the year, it's Europe in the summertime. And outside of the United States, Europe and Bermuda.
Richard D. Fain: Janet, I'll just add that at the corporate level, about 29% of our inventory next year will be within Europe. And the -- if you look at the Eastern Med and Holy Land, that represents that 9% of our capacity for the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Greg Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My 2 questions are just, first, when we look at Europe, how should we think about comparisons for next year? Does it get easier once we hit April, assuming no change in the macro? Is that kind of the way to think about Europe?
Adam M. Goldstein: Greg, it's Adam. While it stands to reason that if there are not the kind of disruptions ahead of us that we have experienced within the last 12-month period, that, that will factor into the comparables, obviously. The fact that there's still a lot of uncertainty, though, about the economic situation in Europe, as well as in the United States, suggests that we take a conservative view of what we're doing and try to market as effectively as we can into the situation that we have. And actually to some degree to Janet's earlier question, clearly, we are marketing in all of the principal European source markets and that is necessary because of the fact that 2/3 of the guests on our European cruise programs come from Europe. So this is where our focus will be and this is where the guests are coming from and this was the -- obviously, we are communicating about the value of cruising relentlessly into these markets in accordance with what Dan mentioned about what consumer sentiment is today.
Gregory R. Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And my second question, just as we -- looking at the 2012, how much of your capacity is booked, if you can say that? And also just at this point, is it a good indicator for next year? I mean, do you have enough on the books to kind of make it as a good kind of sample size to see how you're going to do for next year?
Brian J. Rice: Greg, I think on our last call, we said that we we're slightly less in the quarter percent sold out and by year end, we generally are about half sold out. So I think, if you do the math, you can kind of figure out about where we are. I think we would say under normal circumstances, we'd probably have a pretty solid piece of business on the books that will give some indication as to what we thought were going to happen with yields and maybe a 2- or 3-point spread. I think we're reluctant to do that today just given the way the economic headlines are changing on a daily basis. When we left here last night, we had kind of locked down our forecast and we woke up this morning and all of a sudden, the headlines were very positive and I think next week we might see unemployment go up and everybody's going to change their mindsets. So I think we -- normally, we'd feel pretty good about being able to give a number but at this point in time, I think we just -- we need to wait another quarter before we come out with definitive guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions for this. I was going to ask whether your incremental is up year-over-year, not just the cumulative book position. From the slides, it looks like it is. I just want to make sure that, that's the case because I'm thinking about the guidance you did give for the full year at the same time last year, and that if you're actually seeing better incremental on a day-to-day basis, seeing better bookings today than you were at this time last year, that would seem quite positive just relative to the guidance that you had originally given for last year. And then also, I was just kind of wondering what your expectations are. You mentioned Alaska, in particular, was at the highest ever yields. Would you expect a flatter side decline next year in Alaska or are you thinking maybe growth on top of that? Just a rough sense, not any numbers here, but what are your expectations just directionally?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Robin, I'll take the second one on Alaska. Obviously, it's really early for Alaska right now. But my sense is that we'll have another good year in Alaska. It's way too early to say just because the Alaska bookings -- given that way the Alaska market books, we just don't have that much on for Alaska right now but we are still feeling good about what's going to happen there next year and I...
Brian J. Rice: Robin, I think -- just to add to Dan's comments about Alaska, I think it's fair to say Alaska did benefit this year from the dislocation from Europe. And I think before we start calling out specific itineraries for next summer, we'll want to wait and see a little bit of how Europe is unfolding and how Alaska will complement that. I will point out that while Alaska had record yields this year, our summer season, our third quarter is still about 4% below the yields that we achieved in '08 and I think with the better fleet that we have in place and the more diversified sourcing today, we wouldn't even be pleased with '08. So I think there's still a good upside as you referenced both our our APDs and our volume is up right now for 2012. So if things continue as they are today, I think, as we've said, we're feeling pretty good if we looked at real-time data. There's just so much uncertainty out there. I think we've been a little bit hesitant to try to make a call as to what might be happening as we go into wave season.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: But am I reading the slides correctly? Just looking at the lines that, incrementally, your bookings in the last 2 weeks are better than they were 6 weeks ago in terms of it year-over-year percent change.
Brian J. Rice: We've actually -- yes, you're correct that our load factor differential from a year ago has actually improved over the last month and a half or so. I think that's partly due to some of the sales activities that have been in the marketplace. I think it was last week there was big clear [ph] sale. I know our Royal Caribbean brand had a WOW Sale, I believe it was 3 weeks ago, which contributed. So we are slightly better.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Brian, I just wanted to clarify something on, if I may, that you just actually said. I want to make sure I understand this. You said that your third quarter yields are still 3% lower than the yields you've achieved in '08?
Brian J. Rice: I believe it's 4%.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, 4%. But then -- and I know there's a long way to go before we get to the third quarter, but in third quarter '10 your yields were higher than '08. So does that mean that on a year-over-year basis so far your third quarter yields are lower?
Brian J. Rice: In '10, they were higher than '09's third quarter. '08 was the peak right before the Lehman Brothers.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Oh, you're looking quarter-to-quarter. When you say '08, you meant third quarter '08, not for '11.
Brian J. Rice: Yes, yes.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, okay. Thank you for that clarification. Now the other thing is the range. Your guidance range for the fourth quarter was a lot wider than it normally is. I can get kind of halfway there if I take the sensitivities in net yields and maybe the mark-to-market. But what else is accounting for that range?
Brian J. Rice: I think it's just the general uncertainty as to what's happening in the market right now. If you take our number of shares outstanding,a $0.05 range really gives us only a $10 million or $11 million swing factor. And just given what we're seeing in the market right now, we didn't think that, that was adequate. So we went with the $0.10 range.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. But you gave us a 1 point range in yield?
Brian J. Rice: Correct.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So that should translate to?
Brian J. Rice: And we have a 1 point range in Net Cruise Costs.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Okay. And then, just getting -- I think Adam, this might be a question for you or Dan. You guys gave us some very nice color and explanation about what's happening onboard with the European demand. I'm just wondering, are you doing anything from a marketing perspective to stimulate more onboard from Europeans? And I'm wondering what are they not spending on that the Americans are spending on?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, Felicia, one of the elements is gaming and another element would short excursions. When you're comparing Europeans to Americans for European products, Americans going a long way to see Europe are a little bit more aggressive in buying the short excursion experiences that are available to them. And I did mention in my script that all of our brands are engaged in a whole variety of initiatives to increase onboard spending and some of it is related to, I think, the directionality of your question, which is as we have more people onboard from other nationalities besides the U.S. It's incumbent upon us to become more knowledgeable and more sensitive to their needs and where they see value on onboard spend and I suspect we will continue to get better about that over time.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But are they -- the Europeans who might be going to the Caribbean, are they spending on offshore excursions?
Adam M. Goldstein: Yes.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then is there any difference in terms of ticket demand between the European customer and North American customer?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, we're clearly doing revenue management in all the different countries on all the sailing all the time. So there's a lot of different initiatives and efforts as it relates to where our sourcing commitments have been made by the different offices so it's hard to make an overall general comparison like that. We're trying to maximize revenue in each market according with its preferences.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Just wondering if you might be seeing some more economic sensitivity from your European consumer than your North American consumer?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, I think we basically in the color commentary that we've given so far and then the summary of it all, you can see that our major sources of guests are hanging in there with us as it relates to load factor and price.
Brian J. Rice: Felicia, if I could just add, you may recall on the last call we spent some time and really tried to look at it at the itinerary level and the source market level. And the only commonality we saw in strength or weakness of yield was really at the itinerary level and when you factor that out of it, at a source market level, we didn't see a lot of differences.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's great. And then just, Brian, last question for you. For the first time in about a year, if I went back into this correctly, in the release you mentioned that relative to your debt obligations you would consider opportunistic -- opportunities. So I was just wondering if you could elaborate on that.
Brian J. Rice: Felicia, I think we kind of go between putting it in the press release and our scripts but I think we've always put that qualifier out there that if market conditions were attractive, we would consider accessing the markets. As of right now, I think as what Richard alluded to, we're in a very strong liquidity position. We have slowing CapEx, our maturities are very manageable for the foreseeable future and right now, we're actually very pleased to be in a delevering mode. That was not to signal any imminent transaction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just was wondering a little bit about the difference between your outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year 2012. It sounds like you feel a little bit better about 2012 than you are about this short-term bookings. But it strikes me and maybe it was in some of your research, why wouldn't -- wouldn't a consumer be more hesitant to book a cruise for 2012, which is a longer-term commitment than make a short-term decision to go on a cruise in Q4? It just seems counterintuitive to me why there's the hesitation for Q4 and more confidence for 2012.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Steve, I can certainly see how you'd interpret that from our commentary. I think a little bit of this is relative to prior expectations. Our fourth quarter on an absolute basis, we're talking about our yields going up, it was approximately 4%. And on a constant-currency basis, we're talking -- I'm sorry, I'm looking at the wrong number, we're seeing approximately 3% to 4% in Q4, and we're seeing 3% to 4% on a constant-currency basis. For the fourth quarter, frankly, that's not real bad. I think it's just that we, 3 months ago thought it might be an eyelash better than that. The currencies had been a drag on the fourth quarter. So I don't think we're necessarily trying to say we're real pessimistic about the fourth quarter. We're just not looking for a surge in close-in activity that we saw in the third quarter. I would say that the overall mood in terms of what we're seeing with the consumer, there's no difference between Q4 and 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I think I've kind of lost track on where Mediterranean yields are expected to end the full year so maybe if you could update us on kind of full year Mediterranean yields and where those will end up. And then as you showed those slides, which looked really encouraging, I'm just wondering is the Mediterranean tracking the same way for 2012?
Brian J. Rice: Sharon, I don't have exact numbers in front of me to answer your question. I can tell you that the Eastern Med, as we've talked ad nauseam is going to be down significantly this year. The Western Mediterranean is up slightly, I would say, which I think we feel pretty good about the fact that we were able to achieve some increases in yields in the Western Med, given the capacity increases that both our brands and the industry experienced. I think in terms of next year, it's way too early to say our volume of business is up year-over-year in the Mediterranean but the pricing is flat to slightly down on an aggregate basis. But you have to take into consideration that is comparing to a difficult comparable because the Europe spring has not happened at this point. Obviously, I would say our bookings -- our APDs are well ahead of where we ended up the year but there's still a lot to play out between now and the summer.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Quick questions. I guess I'm following up on that last question. How far down did the yields go for that subset that you had to rebook itineraries entirely in 2011?
Brian J. Rice: Harry, I can tell you that for the Eastern Med in aggregate, I believe our number was something in the range of $90 million to $100 million hit and I believe we said that in the third quarter that Mediterranean deterioration had cost us about 150 basis points on yield, which would be around that same number. But that would be the Eastern Med in its totality. I don't have numbers for the individual itineraries when we changed. That includes the negativism that we felt in the Holy Lands and Turkey as well.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So for the -- so for any given ship, what I'm trying to get a sense of is, by virtue of the itinerary change, did the yield on that ship or group of ships go down 10%, 15% versus what you would have expected?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Harry, it's Dan. We're making the changes in itineraries for next year. The only changes that we made in 2011, and I'm may be misunderstanding your question, the only changes that we made in 2011 were we pulled Egypt -- stops in Egypt off the Holy Land cruises. So the numbers that Brian gave you are an accurate depiction of what's happened for the entire company in the Eastern Med and Holy Land this past year. For next year, the changes that we -- that Adam mentioned where we're reducing our capacity by 17% in the Holy Land -- in the Eastern Med and Holy Land, it's way too early to say what kind of impact that will have.
Adam M. Goldstein: This is Adam. I just want to comment briefly on Asia since Royal Caribbean is the brand that has the ship in Asia within our company. I think as you know from previous calls, we were full of enthusiasm in early March for Legend of the Seas having quite substantial year-over-year yield increases in 2011. Then, her deployment was radically changed because she couldn't do her China program anymore and she needed to go to Singapore on essentially no notice. So in the end, she had double-digit yield decline rather than the double-digit yield increases that we had been anticipating prior.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then the second question is related to cost. Your cost per berth in the second and third quarter were under 1% per ALBD. And so you mentioned that some costs are shifting into the fourth quarter. What are those costs and does it imply that we should see a comparable lift in costs for 2012?
Adam M. Goldstein: Well, we continue, as I mentioned in my script, this is Adam speaking, to put a tremendous amount on focus and this is across all the brands on cost control. So there's a lot time ahead of us to work on minimizing 2012 costs and yet, realizing our ongoing strategic aspirations. I'll say in the case of our brand, that some of the shifting was marketing expense from third quarter to fourth quarter as we intend to have a fairly intense trade of marketing coming up soon for our brand and a variety of other general and administrative costs where we were either -- it turned out that programs and initiatives that we had planned to achieve late in the third quarter have ended up moving over into the fourth quarter by brand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Milota with JPMorgan.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I appreciate the updated detail on deployments for the Eastern Med. Just trying to get a sense for where pricing has gone since the second quarter in that region. So if prices were down 40% to 50%, how much closer are you to getting back to par pre-events in the Middle East?
Adam M. Goldstein: I don't think that we can probably reclaim what we have suffered in the Eastern Mediterranean within one selling season. If there are no further disruptions, the attractiveness of that area to cruise in is significant as you know and we certainly would be hopeful to make progress against the comparable of 2011. But rather we could get all the way back to where we were in the past or where we would have been this year, I would say that will take more than one year.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, good. Have prices gone up since that point or are you still in a pretty heavy discounting period for those itineraries?
Adam M. Goldstein: I think Brian mentioned a couple of questions ago that we are looking at somewhat better load factors and somewhat less pricing at the moment, but that's because we're comparing same time last year when none of this had happened yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just to follow on that, again, Brian or whoever wants to take this, it would seem then that if your bookings, your load factors are up and your pricing is where it is, then as your comps get easier post the Europe spring, it would seem that all else being equal that your yield should show some decent improvement out of the Eastern Med, am I missing something there?
Adam M. Goldstein: I don't think you're missing something there, Tim. The question is what will happen in reality. Where -- what we're facing this is a very different situation. Last year, we were optimistic and then geopolitical events came out of nowhere to disrupt the season. This year, one can, I think, reasonably assume that there won't be more geopolitical disruptions of that magnitude although one can never know, but it's the economic, let's say, geo-economic uncertainty that is hovering over us. And it's too early to say what the implications of that will be. We're pleased that we are able to have favorable load factor comparisons on a year-over-year basis at this point and we hope that, that will eventually pay off for us in terms of where we can go with price, but it's just too early to tell.
Brian J. Rice: I think the operative expression we would use here is measured optimism.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. Because Brian, I mean, I think in your earlier comments also you mentioned that it seemed to imply at least that it's really not a sourcing, you're not seeing any change in I guess sourcing folks and that's really driven by the itineraries, since you changed a lot of the itineraries, again get back to the same point all else being equal, it would seem that then you should start to see some nice progress and once you anniversary in the Europe spring is starting.
Brian J. Rice: Right. When -- I do want to say, as Dan and Adam both pointed out, we have less exposure to the Eastern Caribbean next year but we do have exposure. We do have about 9% -- Eastern Med, sorry, we are about 9% there.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Okay. And then just a couple of other clarification items here...
Richard D. Fain: I'm sorry, if I could just add one thing on that. You also -- while we normally will not have a repeat of the impact, we will start -- we start with -- we won't have the benefit of some of the same kind of people who stayed on last time and now there'll be a little more impact from the ongoing, as Adam mentioned, the economic impacts that we're experiencing and also things like what's happening in Greece, which wasn't there last year. So there's a lot of factors going on, I think, at this point.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. The other clarifications, gentlemen, and thank you again for all the color there. The 2/3 European itineraries, 2/3 of those itineraries being sourced from Europe, Adam, was that only for the roker [ph] of international brand or is that corporate wide?
Adam M. Goldstein: Corporate wide, about 3/4 from outside the United States and 2/3 from Europe.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then, Brian, your commentary in the press release, the $0.08 related to the fuel option. That is part of the total lowering of the guidance for the year by $0.15, yet you said that only $0.03 of the $0.15 was related to those options. Is that part of what you had said that you've monetized here early in the fourth quarter just, I guess, to kind of reconcile those?
Brian J. Rice: I'm not sure where you got $0.03. We said that I believe, it was $0.12 is due to FX.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Of the $0.15, right?
Brian J. Rice: Of the $0.15, $0.12 is FX.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So then $0.03 would be from the option, correct?
Brian J. Rice: So you'd know from the $0.03 -- well, you have $0.08 from the option and then you have $0.05 coming back from better operating performance.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then -- but your...
Brian J. Rice: Two bad guys and one good guy.
Timothy A. Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Are you taking up of accounting in there the monetization in the fourth quarter of the options?
Brian J. Rice: There is a monetization but it's small. It's not material. Rebecca, I think we can squeeze in one more call.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Two questions. One is probably going to be very quick. We didn't really talk about Q1 yield expectations. Should we think of something in the range of Q4, meaning 3% to 4% constant dollar or something a little bit less?
Brian J. Rice: Assia, I got to give it to you, never quit trying. We're not going to give any specific guidance for Q1 at this time, but good try.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Okay, all right. In Q4, it seemed that the prior implied guidance is of the end of July, was a range of 4% to 6.9%, and now we are going down to 3% to 4%. Again, Eastern Med doesn't play as big of a role during this time of the year and you have seen some nice close-in bookings you mentioned in Q3. You also mentioned that the last 6 weeks' bookings have been stronger because of sales events, et cetera. Shouldn't we stick to at least 4% yields constant dollar?
Brian J. Rice: I don't think we decided to change our guidance within the last hour on the fourth quarter. All the things you mentioned were baked in to our guidance for Q4. I can tell you that the FX hurt is quite a bit in the fourth quarter. Hopefully, with some of the actions we've seen today, maybe some of that can reverse itself. But I will point out one currency that we don't normally talk about that we're more sensitive to this time of year is the Brazilian real. But we did see a little bit of a haircut in fourth quarter on a constant-currency basis, mainly due to the Eastern Caribbean. There were some other small adjustments outside the Caribbean but in totality, it was less than a full percentage point.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Okay, okay. So maybe I miscalculated.
Brian J. Rice: Well, we'd like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. And as usual, Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-up you may have and we wish everybody a great day. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Adam Goldstein - Chief Executive of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International Richard Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian Rice - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Daniel Hanrahan - Chief Executive of Celebrity Cruises and President of Celebrity Cruises
Analysts: Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Andrea, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Mr. Brian Rice, CFO. Sir, you may begin.
Brian Rice: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning. I would like to thank each of you for joining us this morning for our second quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President and Chief Executive Officer of Celebrity Cruises; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides that we have posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. We have a lot to cover this morning and issued our press release last evening to try to give you an opportunity to review all the materials. As usual, we'll start with Richard's comments. I will follow with a brief recap of our results and update our forward guidance. Adam and Dan will then talk more about our brands, and then we'll open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As always, I appreciate the opportunity to give a little more color and a reflection on how we've done and where we're heading. First, I must express how embarrassed we all are about the accounting revision. Fortunately, while the initial error was an internal one, it was that same internal team, which found it and reported it. They quickly notified us, our auditors and our audit committee. I will take their willingness to respond correctly and transparently as something to be encouraged. There isn't a soul here, most certainly including myself, who doesn't regret the error. But fortunately, none of this affects our business trajectory, which remains intact as we enter what appears to be a more stable commercial environment. Brian will provide more details on the revision in a moment. But in the meantime, I'll focus on the business environment. And it's certainly been a highly eventful year. At the beginning of the year, who would have imagined the earthquake and tsunami in Japan, the upheaval in the North Africa and the Middle East or more recently, the senseless and tragic events in Oslo? Despite all this, it still looks like this will be one of the best years in our history. Not quite as fantastic as we originally hoped, but a very good year, nonetheless. In fact, I'm more encouraged than ever about our near-term future, not our long-term future, our near-term future, which is what I'm looking at and happy about. I'll talk more in a moment about the challenges. But when I step back and think about the economic mess we're all reading about every day and then I look at our yield performance in the bulk of our markets like the Caribbean, Alaska and Northern Europe, et cetera, I get very excited. I see our reports, which show that our booking volumes and our APDs are up for each of the next 6 quarters. And I realize just how bright our short- and long-term future will be. The 2 big changes to our business outlook that we're reporting today are, first of all, the current weakness in our Eastern Mediterranean itineraries; and secondly, the cost savings, which our operating teams have been able to achieve. Starting with the revenue, this is an important transition year for us as Brian, Adam and Dan will discuss in a moment. This is our last year of significant capacity growth for a while. And this is the year where we were implementing a dramatic repositioning of our ships. Naturally, our biggest redeployment was to substantially increase Mediterranean sailings because this was the area which showed the greatest promise. And naturally, that market where we expected the biggest improvement is also the market that suffered the most from the geopolitical changes. Our next most aggressive deployment choice was to address the Chinese market earlier than ever before. And naturally, this was the market that suffered badly from the tragedy in Japan. When we gave our guidance at the end of April, we already had several weeks of experience with the turmoil, particularly in Egypt and in Tunisia. That turmoil had a huge impact on sailings heading directly to those ports and a smaller impact on other itineraries in the region. But that impact appeared contained and manageable. Unfortunately, that situation didn't last as long as we had hoped. The Arab Spring not only failed to stabilize, it continued to fester and the turmoil brewed to other countries throughout the region. The result is that during the quarter, we reached a tipping point, and we saw significant declines in our pricing in that area. The net result has been a serious decline in our revenue in what was supposed to be one of our strongest markets. That decline has been painful, but to put it in perspective, it's only amounted to a drop of 2% in our overall yield from what we had expected at the beginning of the year. How many other industries suffer such a plethora of challenges in one year and still only show a 2% revenue impact? At the same time, our operating groups have been working diligently and effectively to control our costs. In previous calls, I've noticed -- I've noted that we are seeing inflationary pressures in selected areas such as food and transportation expenses. Unfortunately, I have to report that those pressures have not abated, and they continue to be a costly factor for us. But our operating teams have been extremely effective in reducing our costs in other areas, which has allowed us to reduce total cost for the year by about 100 basis points. At the same time, we've not wavered in our determination. We will not sacrifice our product delivery purely for cost purposes. It is, therefore, especially gratifying to report that while implementing all these cost savings, our guest satisfaction rates have risen to new highs. For that, I extend my congratulations and my thanks to the operating teams, who have made it happen. Last week, we had the highly successful delivery and naming of the Celebrity Silhouette in Germany. This is the first time we've named a ship in Germany, and the reception demonstrated just how good the Solstice-class ships are and how receptive some of the European markets are to our product. We continue to work on ensuring that we deliver the best product and service in our competitive sense. And we continue to improve the quality of our offerings by taking the best features of our newer ships and incorporating them in our revitalization projects. At the same time, we're implementing new systems that enhance the guest experience and improve on our operating efficiencies. While this is proving not to be quite as fantastic a year as we had expected, it is still proving to be a highly successful one and it augurs extremely well for 2012 and beyond. Thank you.
Brian Rice: Thank you, Richard. Before I go into our results, I would like to provide insight into the revisions we announced to our interest expense in the press release. During a recent review, our finance team discovered an error in the way we were amortizing certain fees, mainly related to a few of our export credit agency guaranteed loans. We've all asked ourselves how this could have happened. We have completed many of these types of financings, and there was a change in the timing of the payment terms of certain fees related to a few recent loans, which required a different accounting treatment than our past financing. The revision in essence accelerates the amortization of these fees. It does not have any cash impact and does not increase the total expense over the life of the loans. Frankly, this was a human error. And while we are very confident this was an isolated event, we have further enhanced our controls in this area to prevent this risk of future inaccuracies. Once this error was discovered, we notified our auditors and worked with them to determine the correct accounting treatment. We determined that the error was not material to prior periods, did not require a restatement and that our previous financial disclosures were reliable. We did conclude, however, that a revision to our interest expense was appropriate, and we have included a reconciliation of these adjustments in our press release. The revision announced to a change in earnings per share of $0.05, $0.15 and $0.06 in 2009, 2010 and the first quarter of 2011 respectively. To be clear, 2009 was the first year of the mistake. Obviously, we are very embarrassed by this revision. But because these adjustments fall below the line, they do not impact our operating results, net yields or net cruise costs. If you will now turn to the second slide, I would like to summarize our performance in the second quarter. As you can see, we generated net income of $93.5 million or $0.43 per share, which was at the midpoint of our guidance despite a $0.05 impact interest expense from the changes to our fee amortization. Net yields improved 3.8% on an as-reported basis and $0.08 of a percent on a constant-currency basis. From an itinerary point of view, yields were up about 9% in the Caribbean and up solid double digits in Alaska, the Baltic and the North Eastern itineraries. The Western Mediterranean was up single -- mid-single digits, but both the Eastern Mediterranean and Asia were down due to the geopolitical events we talked about on our last call. April and May sailings in the Med came in about as we had expected, but we saw a further deterioration in close in bookings for June sailings. From a source market point of view, excluding Mediterranean sailings, we saw solid pricing improvement from North America and throughout Europe with the one exception of Spain. Accordingly, we remain bullish on the demand environment and believe any weakness is isolated to the areas impacted by the geopolitical events in the Eastern Med and Japan. Net cruise costs excluding fuel per APCD were up 2.3% on an as-reported basis and declined 0.1% on a constant-currency basis. While we continue to experience outstanding guest ratings and make prudent strategic investments, you can see our management team is very focused on tight cost controls and succeeded in offsetting the Eastern Mediterranean revenue declines for the quarter.  Fuel costs were very consistent with the calculations included in our previous guidance. Although WTI prices have fallen since our last call, we didn't see much of a change at the pump for the types of fuel we've used. Also during the quarter, we've sold some of our shorter-dated fuel options, as well as the ones with strike prices of $120 and $150. This enabled us to monetize some of the gains we booked in the first quarter and avoided a negative mark-to-market adjustment as fuel prices fell. Interest expense was about $10 million higher than our previous guidance for the quarter due to the new fee amortization schedule I previously mentioned. Moving on to the booking environment. Overall, low factors and APDs are ahead of the same time last year for both the third and fourth quarter. And for the balance of year, all of our brands are showing positive trends. I would now like to provide you with more product and source market detail than usual given the unique environment we are operating in. On Slide 3 and 4, we have provided you with our capacity allocations for all of our major product groups and our directional expectations for year-over-year yield changes for the third quarter and full year. The biggest changes we are seeing relate to the Eastern Mediterranean. On our last call, we adjusted our yield guidance as a result of the geopolitical events in Northern Africa. Much of this adjustment directly related to sailings deployed away from Egypt into a much lesser extent, Tunisia. Subsequently, there has been additional unrest in Syria and Greece. If you draw a semicircle on a map from Greece to Syria to Egypt, it is easy to understand why headlines dominating this region would impact demand for the entire Eastern Mediterranean, including Israel and Turkey. Eastern Mediterranean itineraries will account for 18% of our total capacity in the third quarter and are unfortunately weighing down strong yield performance by most of our other products. Western Mediterranean sailings, in contrast, are expected to have slightly higher yields than last year, which is still encouraging, given the large capacity increases in the region. For all of our other major product groups, we are seeing very strong demand. The Caribbean, Alaska and the Baltic are all performing significantly better than last year and are all forecasted to generate solid double-digit yield improvements in the third quarter. In addition, if we exclude Mediterranean sailings, our primary source markets are showing strong pricing performance this year with the United States, United Kingdom and Canada, each showing improvements in the mid- to high-single digits for the year. There is clearly a lot going on in the world, and the headlines could hardly be described as optimistic. The people continue to take their vacations and continue to see the value of cruising in our brands. On Slide 4, we have recapped our expectations for the year. The Caribbean, which represents our largest capacity allocation, will have yield improvements approaching double digits. We continue to make good progress in the southern hemisphere, which includes South America and Australia. The Baltic and Alaska are the clear stars this year and likely benefited from some of the weakness in the Eastern Mediterranean. Asia is the only other product in our portfolio that is expected to show declines this year. The redeployment affects resulting from the events in Japan are expected to linger through October, but the environment is clearly stabilized, and we remain very bullish on this region's long-term prospects. I'm sure you are curious about 2012, so here's what we know so far. It is very early in the selling cycle, and slightly less than 1/4 of our inventory is sold at this point. Our APDs and load factors are running ahead in all 4 quarters, but it is too early to provide any definitive yield guidance other than to say we expect improvements. Early bookings for Europe are showing better load factors than APDs, but there is very limited visibility at this point. It is encouraging to see the early order book, though, especially when you consider our comparables are prior to the turmoil in the Eastern Med. Now I'd like to update our forward guidance. On Slide 5, you will see our guidance for the third quarter. We expect yields to be up 5% on an as-reported basis and up 1% to 2% on a constant-currency basis. Excluding the Mediterranean, yields are forecasted to be up around 11.5% or about 9% on a constant-currency basis.  Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are forecasted to increase approximately 2% on a constant-currency basis and 4% to 5% on an as-reported basis. We expect a little more food cost pressure in the second half as well as some higher marketing investments, but we continue to look for ways to mitigate the impact of the Eastern Mediterranean performance. We have also included $202 million of fuel expense in our forecast, and we are 53% hedged for the quarter. Our earnings per share are expected to be between $1.85 and $1.90. On Slide 6, we show our updated full year guidance. We expect yields to increase approximately 5% on an as-reported basis and between 2% and 3% on a constant-currency basis. Excluding the Mediterranean, we expect to be up approximately 8% as reported and approximately 6% on a constant-currency basis. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are expected to be up approximately 3% on an as-reported basis and between 1% and 2% on a constant-currency basis. We have included $763 million for fuel based on today's prices and our hedges, which cover approximately 55% of our consumption for the balance of the year. As I mentioned previously, we have seen some inconsistencies between the movement in our current at the pump prices and WTI. While the cause and duration of this decoupling is debatable, as always, we have based our calculations on our current at the pump prices. Interest expense for the year is currently expected to be between $355 million and $365 million, which is an increase of approximately $44 million or $0.20 per share due to the new amortorization (sic) [amortization] schedule. Our gross interest expense equates to an average cost of debt of about 4.4%. To help you with your modeling, I will mention that based on current interest rates, our current fixed floating ratio in our existing loan structures, 2012 would also be approximately 4.4%. Earnings per share for the year are now expected to be between $2.85 and $2.95. Earlier this month, we amended and extended our revolving credit facility that was set to mature next summer. We now have a total line of $1.4 billion split between 2 facilities with staggered maturities in 2014 and 2016. As you know, in October of 2008, our Board of Directors suspended our dividend. The combination of strong liquidity, flow in capital expenditures and improved operating performance has now given them the confidence to reinstate a dividend. We consider the quarterly payout of $0.10 a share to be conservative, but this reflects a balance between our objective of returning cash to shareholders while honoring our goal of returning to an investment grade credit. Finally, as I am sure you're aware, starting with this quarter, companies are required to file the entire 10-Q under XBRL 2. Because of this, we expect to file the Q on Monday, but we have tried to provide more information in our press release. I would now like to turn the call over to Adam for his comments about the Royal Caribbean International brand. Adam?
Adam Goldstein: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As Brian and Richard have mentioned, we are pleased that many of our products have generated stronger revenues than we had expected and also that we have maintained strong cost control, and we are disappointed that our Mediterranean yields have turned out to be weaker than we had anticipated 3 months ago. We have been clear for some time about our strategic intention to build our presence in Europe to capture at least our fair share of the impressive growth of cruise vacations in the world's largest holiday market. The Royal Caribbean International brand has deployed half of our 22-ship fleet in Europe this summer. When we set our 2011 European deployment about 18 months ago, we placed our main emphasis on establishing homeports in our priority markets. This approach includes several ships that we have based in the U.K. and in the Nordic markets, which have performed well this summer. We placed most of our European capacity, however, in Italy and Spain. The geopolitical events of 2011 have had a disproportionate impact on these products, particularly the ships with itineraries in Greece, Egypt and Israel. Looking to our 2012 deployment. With the departure of Voyager of the Seas on the Mediterranean to China and Australia, and the arrival of Serenade of the Seas in the Baltic, we will somewhat shift the balance of our European presence from south to north. While we would have done this irrespective of this year's events, one implication of this set of moves will be to further diversify our product range and lessen our exposure to any ongoing geopolitical risks that might affect the Mediterranean. As the last comment in Europe, it is worth noting that while we have had to discount our pricing more than we would have liked, we have been able to vary substantially increase our number of European guests in 2011. Given our brand's slack capacity in 2012 and the Voyager, Serenade ships I mentioned earlier, we will only need to achieve marginal growth in the number of European guests next year and will, therefore, be able to focus even more on driving APD growth. Three months ago, I began with an update on the tragic developments in Japan and their emerging effects on Legend of the Seas 2011 China program. This series of events directly affected only our smallest ships, but its impact was significant as it forced substantial changes in legends itineraries from March through October. Although we will fall far short of our pre-event yield aspirations for this 2011 program, I think it reflects well on our young offices in that region that our colleagues were able to attract customers in the volumes they achieved, given the magnitude of the dislocation and the consequential changes in our itineraries and market sourcing. We continue to believe that China's emergence of the cruise market and the high level of satisfaction that our Chinese guests have expressed about our brands bodes well for our market development efforts in the region. As you have also heard from Richard and Brian, the outlook for our ships in Alaska, the Northeast U.S. and the Caribbean remains positive based on our load factors and rates as we go through the summer season and begin to turn our focus towards maximizing yield in the upcoming winter season. Finally, in June, we completed the revitalization of Radiance of the Seas under the umbrella of our Royal Advantage Program. Later this year, we will revitalize Splendour of the Seas, and we are planning on continuing our revitalization program throughout the next several years. With 15 ships in our Voyager, Radiance and Vision classes and a slower rate of new capacity coming on line, we are committed to offering an outstanding and up-to-date Royal Caribbean experience on our older ship classes. Dan?
Daniel Hanrahan: Thank you, Adam. Good morning, everyone. The momentum for Celebrity remains strong. As Richard mentioned, we just took delivery of Silhouette, our fourth in the series of 5 Solstice-class ships. We named her in Hamburg this past week, and she is as stunning as her 3 sisters. She set sail on our main voyage last week, and in just a few short months, Silhouette will offer 12-night Caribbean cruises on the Cape Liberty this fall and winter. We are extremely excited to be taking the Solstice-class ship to the greater New York market. New York has been a historically strong market for Celebrity, and the opportunity to put a Solstice-class ship there is a great way to tell the Celebrity story. Silhouette has another host of industry first venues in the Lawn Club, all designed to enhance onboard revenue, including the interactive Lawn Club Grill, the relaxing private WiFi-enabled cabanas called the Alcove, the Porch, a casual dining spot and with dining spots with sandwiches, coffees and views of the ocean and the ship's lawn and the art studio, where our vacationists can work with one of our art partners. The ship will also present a new twist on Celebrity's Michaels Club with a selection of more than 50 craft beers from around the world to broaden our appeal to a growing market segment. During the second quarter, we had healthy demand for many of our products with cruises in Alaska, Bermuda and Northern Europe performing particularly well for the brand. Pricing for these products was significantly higher year-over-year, and all products came in about where we thought they were going to on the previous earnings calls and are trending well for the remainder of the summer. As you have heard, our sailings and operating in the Holy Land region and the Eastern Med have been more of a challenge due to continuing global events. As has been the trend, our Europe product is about 40% sourced from outside of the U.S. and Canada, and we have not seen any significant differences in booking patterns from these main booking markets. Looking ahead, we'll have all 4 Solstice-class ship operating in the Caribbean in this fall and winter, and we'll have over 60% of our capacity in this market during this time period. Since our cruises to the Caribbean booked closer in and those to Europe and Alaska, we have less visibility to performance for this time period, but we are on pace to finish ahead of where we finished in Q4 2010 and Q1 2011. Our non-Caribbean products, which represented 40% of our capacity for the period are also performing well. We are particularly pleased with the performance of our South American products and are soon to be Solsticized Infinity, as well as the reintroduction of our brand in the Australia and New Zealand market. Finally, I'm very excited to announce that once Reflection joins the fleet next year and the last of Armonian class ships has been revitalized, over 90% of our fleet will be Solstice-class or Solsticized. Our Solsticizing schedule is ambitious, as we will Solsticize Infinity this November, Summit in January and Millennium next April. However, given the success of the Constellation project, we're looking forward to completing the program quickly. Brian?
Brian Rice: Thank you, Dan. We would now like to open the call for your questions. As a reminder, we ask that you limit your questions to no more than 2. If you have more, after, we'd be happy to address them after the call. Andrea?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So you, basically, talked about the Med being down. It looks like it's going to be down about 4% this year. Really, what I'm trying to get at is what is essentially changed from the last time you gave guidance back in April to today? Have things materially gotten worse there? And I guess, what has been the change over the past couple weeks or maybe over the last month in terms of what you've seen in bookings come out of that market?
Brian Rice: Sure, Steve. I think we gave our last guidance at the end of April. Frankly, bookings for the end of April, beginning of May held their own. We actually met our internal forecast for the months of April and May. Bookings began to slow down, I would say, kind of mid-May. We didn't have very strong bookings particularly for the Eastern Med. In May, we started taking some additional pricing actions, got price -- got the volumes back to equilibrium in June. We've actually seen higher year-over-year bookings in July than we did before, albeit at the new discounted rates that we implemented in late May and early June. I think the difference that we're seeing is initially, we saw this isolated predominantly to the itineraries that we had changed out of Tunisia and to a larger extent, Egypt. But as we began to see the protests in Greece, the additional hostilities in Syria, as I said before, if you draw that semicircle around Egypt, Syria and Greece to the north, you'll see Turkey and Israel are within those -- that circle. Those are the itineraries we'd like to refer to as the Holy Land area that we really began to see additional drop-off. And as we showed on our slide, we have about 18% of our capacity in that market during the third quarter. So just the continuation of that being a dominant influence in the headlines has caused further deterioration in our forecast.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then I guess this might be a little bit more difficult to answer, but when you look out to '12 and I know it's early on, I mean, is that a market, Southern Med I'm talking about, in terms of -- is pricing -- do you think there's still going to be pressure on pricing in that market? Or do you think you can get that more flattish over the next 12 months or so?
Brian Rice: As I've mentioned in my opening comments, the order book right now where we feel good about, but it's still extremely early. We're talking about many people who are going to be taking vacation next summer. And it really is going to be subject upon what happens over there. I think there was -- our initial research has indicated that people still have a very strong desire to go to the region, but it was -- this is not the best year to go there. Hopefully, if we see some stability in the region, there will be pent-up demand from 2011. But it's just too early to say at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Janet Brashear of Sanford Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: As you look at your deployment for next year and especially as you think about the Mediterranean, does it look more like where you thought you'd be this year? Or does it look more like where you ended up next year? Maybe if you could sort of look to Slide 4 that you showed us earlier and give us an idea of how that might look in 2012, that would be great.
Adam Goldstein: It's Adam. Well, obviously, we can't give you the right side of the slide because it talks about different levels of yield performance. But in terms of the deployment changes or the company were essentially flat in Europe on a year-over-year basis in overall deployment and with some increase in the Baltic and a minor decrease in the Mediterranean area.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: So flat versus where you're ending up 2011 on Page 4, is that what you're saying?
Adam Goldstein: In terms of market share by region, yes.
Richard Fain: Janet, this year was a huge capacity increase, which obviously put a lot of pressure on yields. And so we're clear, what we're saying is no capacity increase over the region next year. And while -- so this year we had more than 30% increase. Obviously, that made it a challenging year in the best of times. Obviously, this wasn't the best of times. But next year, we will be looking at 0 capacity increase and hopefully, a clearer position looking forward. At least our current forward bookings are actually better than they were last year at this time.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Could you also give us an idea of what you expect from capital expenditures to revitalize ships over the next few years?
Brian Rice: Janet, I don't have specific breakdowns in front of me of the CapEx related to the revitalizations, but we do have in the press release the total capital, and I will tell you that with the exception of an additional Solstice-class vessel next year, we have no new vessels in 2013. We have Sunshine in 2014, and we tend to put a placeholder in the range of around 2 to 250 for what we would call maintenance CapEx and IT expenditures. So by differential, you could back in to what we'd be looking at for the revitalizations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Milota of JPMorgan.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I was hoping to talk a little about pricing in the Med. And before the events happened, I'm trying to get a sense for what the declines are just in magnitude in terms of pricing for the region and kind of your initial thoughts on potentially how long it could take to regain pricing kind of pre-turmoil in the region.
Daniel Hanrahan: Kevin, it's Dan. I want to stress that at Eastern Med where we had the difficulty, we've actually seen some pricing improvement year-on-year for the Western Med. And then in terms of how long it will take to get it back, that's difficult to say right now. As Brian just mentioned earlier, it's a little difficult to say what's going to happen in 2012. We have seen good reaction to the price declines that we've taken. Indications are that, Richard mentioned, next year that the pricing looks better, but we're still very, very early days when it comes to 2012 at this point. But I do want to stress that the Western Med has held up nicely, and we've actually seen some price increases. It's just that area that Brian described in the Eastern.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, and just in terms of the percent declines, any kind of color magnitude you'd give us on that front?
Daniel Hanrahan: Yes, we haven't broken up specifically where we are. I think it was Slide 4 that showed where our different products were up and down for the year, but we haven't broken up specifically in the Eastern Med or any of the markets to that level of detail.
Brian Rice: Kevin, if I could just add, one of the great things about our industry is we do have the flexibility of moving, if you will, our hotels. I think the fact that we have not done wholesale redeployment out of the region is a testimony that we feel that this is a very important itinerary. There's a lot of consumer interest in it. And for now, we're committed to that region. And I think we'll continue to measure it. But as of this time, we feel pretty good about where it could go.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, and just in terms of changing capacity in the Eastern med, if it does come to that, when would you have to do that by?
Daniel Hanrahan: Kevin, it's Dan again. The beauty of that is we do have a lot of flexibility and it would be a few months from now before we would even have to worry about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva of Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Brian, my first question is to you. I'm not a believer in the accounting constructs, so let's ignore the interest expense revision. But I wanted to do a quick reconciliation of what your prior yield guidance or EPS guidance rather was for the year. I think it was $3.10 to $3.30, and we had a $0.04 Q to beat if we ignore again the accounting idea. So it seems that it should have gone up to $3.14, $3.34. And then with a $0.10 reduction, the new guidance should have been $3.04 to $3.24. It seems the high-end of the range though has been reduced by $0.09, $0.10 to $3.15. Could you explain that?
Brian Rice: I can try to give you a directional. I think our revenue declines were in the mid-$0.40 range, if you included those -- the yield change for the Eastern Med as well as currency impact. We were able to offset about half of that with cost savings. We have a little bit of improvement in fuel, and we've had a little bit of improvement in some of our equity pickups below the line. And I think if you took all that into consideration, we'd be getting back to about $3.10 as the midpoint. And unfortunately, the interest expense is a reality. And if you take that $0.20 off, you should be getting back to $2.90, which is the midpoint of our current guidance.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Well, let's ignore the interest expense. It seems that the high-end before the interest expense revision has been reduced by $0.10.
Brian Rice: From a business perspective, all in, we're down about $0.10, you're correct.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Okay, it seems there is an additional $0.10 from the top end of that, but maybe I'll ask Brian after the call ends. And my second question, maybe Richard you can help me out on this. Given what has happened with sovereign debt in Europe and the threats in the U.S., how wise was it to reinstate a dividend at this point? You're also facing some significant business risk in the Eastern Med that we have discussed so far at quite some length. Was this the right time to do it?
Richard Fain: Well, Assia, obviously, we think so. I think our situation is in any respects the opposite of what you're seeing with the sovereign credits that you're talking about. Our position is strengthening, and our capital requirements are lowering. If anything, I think that in light of the very dramatic changes that are going on in the region, for us to have held as close as we have to our original guidance really shows how strong our industry is and how strong the company is. We've had in our strategic plan and operating plans for some time now that this was about the time that we wanted to reinstate the dividend. We clearly wanted to have the revolver extension in place, and we not only have the revolver extension in place, but we now have it with staggered maturities. And so we thought this was -- in our financing, the revolver was done relatively easily. You're seeing good receptivity to our credit in the capital markets. So no, we really felt this was a good time to be doing it, and we felt comfortable with doing so.
Brian Rice: Assia, if I could just add also, because as the Med is getting a lot of, obviously, for good reason because it affected our guidance, it's getting a lot of discussion on this call. I do think it's important to recognize that the combination of the Eastern Med and Asia, which are the 2 markets that are down, that represents 13% of our inventory. The other 87% is actually doing quite well despite all the chatter that you're hearing in the marketplace about the sovereign debt crisis and debt ceilings and whatnot. I think it's important to recognize that a lot of our products are actually up double digits, and the people are taking vacations, and they really are enjoying our brand.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Brian, I thank you for this clarification and as you know, can see the results in the Caribbean and Alaska quite clearly. They are spectacular, but still we are talking about the $0.40 revision to earnings per share and a quarterly dividend of $0.10, which amounts to $0.40 of cash outflow a year. So my concern is that at almost 50% net debt-to-capital, this might not have been the optimal time to reinstate the dividend.
Brian Rice: Well, again, we are talking about less than -- at this level, we're talking about less than $100 million. We do view this as conservative. As Richard alluded to, our CapEx is slowing. Our EBITDA is improving. Our credit metrics in our forecast continue to prove -- improve. We're delevering. We still are very excited about returning to an investment grade credit. So I think on balance, we felt this was the right thing to do for our investors.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: And you do not think that this may delay the investment grade rating?
Brian Rice: No. This should have no impact on it whatsoever.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Okay, and one please. Can you break out the tour division going forward just as Carnival does? Because your onboard yield seemed down almost one percentage point, and I think it plays havoc with the numbers especially given Pullmantur.
Brian Rice: Okay, Assia, I will tell you that I know our onboard revenues are essentially flat from our last forecast. I don't think the Pullmantur tour division had any material changes. I think this is really a story about Eastern Mediterranean, the changes for Eastern Mediterranean right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Badishkanian of Citigroup.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: Brian, I just want ask a follow-up question on your other point, which is that most of the other regions you're doing well. And North America, certainly, was very strong despite the lackluster U.S. macro environment. I'm just wondering what do you think led to that strength.
Brian Rice: Actually, I think that's a good question for our brands.
Adam Goldstein: Well, we've been saying for quite some time that we think that the brands that we're offering, their propositions are resonating in the marketplace. And as we've emerged from the recessionary environment of 2 and 3 years ago, they seem to have an impact in the marketplace. The Caribbean has developed nicely. We have, obviously, fantastic products and services arrayed there now. We talked about the changes that have been made in Alaska in the last couple of years. The state has taken a much more active interest in supporting the cruise industry's development there than what have seen prior to that. The Northeast of the United States seems to recover at least somewhat from the bump that it was in before. And it's nice that the positive developments are emerging at a time that helps us offset some of the impact of what we've mostly been talking about with this call with the Eastern Mediterranean.
Daniel Hanrahan: Greg, if I can pile on a little bit. The other thing that has really worked well for us has been the new hardware and in particular for Celebrity has been the Solstice-class ships that have really helped us drive strong revenues. And I think you knew Richard mentioned in his talk at the very beginning that we're seeing very, very strong customer satisfaction ratings. And as a company, we took a position that during the economic downturn, we wouldn't cut the product and in the fact, we worked very hard. All our brands worked very hard to improve the product that we were offering our guests. I think all that, we're starting to see pay off.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: Great. And just my second question is on 2012. And I believe you mentioned that the key -- all major regions were up in terms of pricing. Did I get that right? Maybe the Eastern Med was up as well. And then I think you mentioned that it was -- the bookings were about 25%, or your less than 25% booked for 2012. Is that kind of typical for this time of the year or would it be more or would it be less than around that level?
Brian Rice: Well, Greg, we are, I believe in my comments I said we had less than 25%. It is running ahead of where it was a year ago. All the brands seem to be doing well. All 4 quarters are up on load factors and APDs. I didn't give any specific product, but I did mention that Europe is also up in terms of load factors and APDs. But we're talking about very small numbers when we start particularly for Europe and the Eastern Med, when we start getting out to the second and third quarter. I think it's just too early to read into those numbers at this point. But we are encouraged. But again, we're going to keep a close eye on it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: A couple of quick questions. I appreciate all the color on the Mediterranean this morning. I guess I'm curious with the Western Mediterranean, whether that's up where you expected to see? I might have assumed coming into the year that, perhaps, it would have been a stronger section as well. And I'm just curious if that is a little bit weaker than original plan, how you get comfort that it isn't something else happening in Europe that's causing this weakness?
Brian Rice: Sharon, I think, frankly, the Western Med has not performed quite to our expectations. Is not nearly the impact that we saw in the Eastern Med, but it will be -- the yields actually will be up modestly this year. I think in hindsight, there was a tremendous capacity increase in that region, and I think it's a testimony to the efforts that our sales groups, particularly in Europe, had been able to step up and fill that at higher prices given that impact. I think one of the things we look at very carefully, in addition to itineraries, is how were the various source markets doing. And when we exclude Mediterranean sailings to get a sense of how the broader, if you will, economic demand is throughout Europe, we were very encouraged in the second quarter. Virtually, all of Europe with the exception of Spain showed very high -- healthy price increases. And as we look more broadly, our bigger markets particularly the U.K., again, excluding the Med, where we've had some noise, the demand has actually been quite strong. So when we look at it that way, we try to differentiate between, if you will, event demand and economic demand and we felt pretty good about where the economic stand was.
Richard Fain: Yes, Sharon, sorry, if I could just a little more color to that. I think one of the phenomenon that we have experienced regularly is that although we talk about them as though they're totally discreet animals, regions -- there's some impact between regions. People who are a little nervous, for example, about the Eastern Med, that has a knock-on effect on close-by itineraries such as the Western Med. So we think part of what has resulted in some reduction and where we expect it to be in the Western Med is the very strong reaction to what happened in the East and the further afield you go, the less that impact is. And as Brian says, when you start looking towards Great Britain, you start going north of Germany and the Baltic. They've actually been extremely strong. But is not unusual that we feel some cross-pollination to nearby regions like -- so when we've talked about some of these things, we haven't been as specific sometimes. We're talking about the Eastern Med sometimes as a whole, because you really have to look at these things as not black and white but shades of gray.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay, and then my second question, you're obviously doing a very good job on net cruise costs. I'm just curious if there's anything about coming in below plan this year that would create some sort of catch up in spending in 2012.
Adam Goldstein: It's Adam. Obviously, we've been in an environment for the last several years, where we've been challenged to demonstrate very good cost control, and we have, in fact, done that. And as each year has transitioned towards the next and we have faced the requirements to manage our costs well in line year after year. So we are firmly cognizant of that challenge presenting itself, but I think we've shown in recent years that we can manage the next year and the next year and the next year. And that's our intention, to do it again in 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: So the first question I have is regarding the additional 150-basis-point cut to yields based on everything that you've laid our pretty clearly in the release and talked here in the call. I'm just wondering, is this it? This year has been pretty challenging in terms of forecasting, and I'm just wondering if that captures -- if you feel comfortable if that captures any of the risks that you might not have seen, particularly because the difference between the 100 and now the incremental 150, a lot of that came from close in bookings. So just wanted to get some color on kind of what you're seeing for the rest of the year and your confidence that this is it.
Adam Goldstein: Felicia, it's Adam. Obviously, it's our responsibility on these calls to call it the way we see it based on the evidence that's available to us. So in making our guidance for today, we are giving you our best projections as to what we believe will happen. We've explained on this call how certain changes that occur in the marketplace after we formulated our guidance in April have subsequently affected our guidance in July. We are not going to project things speculatively that we think might or might not happen in the next 3 months that could affect our October guidance. We're giving you the best we have at the end of July.
Richard Fain: I think, Felicia, I think it's a fair question. I think it's always hard to look back and remember what it was like 3 months ago. And one of the points that I try to make in my comments was it's not just the number of countries that were undergoing change or the violence of that change but the sense of this is going to carry on for a while and that it's quite serious. The length of time that Syria has gone on -- I mean, sorry, Libya has gone on, the fairly significant political change and attitude towards what's happening in Syria, all these things accumulated to reach a tipping point I think. And so we were fairly cautious to give our very best estimates at the end of the first quarter. We felt comfortable with those estimates. I think we really saw a quite significant deterioration. We gave our best estimates today with respect to the Far East, which we haven't really talked about. I think those estimates, nothing worse happened. The situation stabilized, so we feel that the estimates we gave in March, that remain accurate. We just feel there's been quite a sea change since March with respect to what's happened in the Middle East and North Africa. And we feel that this really is the best estimate of where we are. And obviously, we're hoping that we don't have any more surprises and in fact, that the situation stabilizes and it could be better, but these really are our best estimates then and today.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then, now I'm also trying to just reconcile your outlook and results with Carnival's because you always talked before about the hardware premium that you enjoy. And I believe that's still intact. But if you look at your guidance, it's kind of roughly in line with where they are. If you look at the second quarter, it actually was less than what they did on a constant-dollar basis. I know there are some timing in terms of their quarter end and your quarter end. But if I believe that your hardware premium is in place, then that just implies that your underlying business is actually performing weaker than theirs and maybe that's a flawed outlook so I was just hoping you could address that.
Brian Rice: Yes, Felicia, obviously, we're aware of how our competitors are performing, and we hold ourselves accountable to a higher yield performance, particularly given the superior hardware we have. I think what we are looking at as the primary driver and it really is the second and third quarter issue is our overweighting in the Med. If you look at the capacity allocations that the different companies have, as I mentioned in my script, 45% of our inventory is going to be in the Mediterranean this year. And I think we're -- maybe we had a disconnect with expectations out there is people looked at I believe are -- what we had talked about before was that 53% of our capacity was going to be in Europe this summer or at least in the third quarter. I think what people didn't understand is how overweighted toward the Med that was. And I believe our competition has closer to a 50-50 ratio between the Baltic and the Med where we're more like 90-10. And I think that's the significant difference that you would see in the performance. But we'd feel comfortable that on an itinerary basis, that we're performing quite well in the market.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay, and look, I just need a clarification on fuel because there's something that confused me. In 2012, you went to $72 a barrel from $86, but the same amount was hedged. So I was wondering if you could clarify that and if you could just let us know at current prices what your 2012 fuel expense outlook is.
Brian Rice: I don't have 2012 fuel in front of me. If I could ask, if you wouldn't mind following up with Ian, he'd be happy to help you with that. I apologize I don't have that in front of me.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Sure. But can you just -- I mean, this was in the release. For 2012, you said that 55% hedged at $72. Under your last press release, it was 55% hedged at $86, so I was just wondering what the change was there?
Brian Rice: What we're trying to do when we put it out in the press release, we're trying to give you a WTI equivalent. And when you have that decoupling between the WTI and the fuels that we're using, we have to go back and restate what that equivalent is. I will mention, as you'll see in the release, we have been doing more hedging, but that's further out hedging.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: So basically you're underlying bunker maybe it hasn't really changed?
Brian Rice: Correct. Exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: I have 2 questions. First is on the 150-basis-point reduction and I guess since the start of the year, it's a 300-basis-point reduction. Can you quantify just kind of roughly what of that change is direct impact from ships that you had to reroute from the Middle East and Japan, which I think is about 4% of your capacity where there's a direct impact, you had those ships' folks, they had to move, versus just sort of the more indirect like other ships where there may be an impact because of more capacity or maybe demand or could be ships that were indirectly impacted that could be due to any number of reasons? But can you quantify what of the either of the 300 basis points since the start of the year or just the 150 basis points year incremental since April is directly impacted, rerouted, the 4% of your capacity that's rerouted versus just anything that may be coming in a little bit less than you had expected?
Brian Rice: Robin, just for clarity, the constant currency has changed by 200 basis points. The actual business has changed -- it would change by 50 basis points from the beginning of the year to the April call and 150 basis points from April to today. And then we have the currency impact, but I'll leverage your talk a little bit about the specific changes that have occurred.
Richard Fain: Yes, just to be clear, Robin, in the 150 basis points, none of that relates to -- essentially, none of that relates to specific itinerary changes. All of those specific itinerary changes were -- almost all of them were held at the end -- at the time of our March call. And so everything that's happened since then has been due to demand generation for the region. In terms of how much of the change from the beginning of the year to the end of the first quarter, reason that I don't have those numbers right in front of us today, we did give them out at the time of the first quarter call, and Ian can provide you that reference offline later on.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, wait, and the 300 basis points I was referring to was a constant currency ex Pullmantur what originally was plus 45 for the year, now being 1 to 2. That was just to clarify what stronger basis points I was referring to. My second question is I guess, just a follow-up on just the hedging where you -- in April, you were hedged at $72 and now the same amount as being $86 and $91 a barrel. I guess I just want to understand how much of your hedging for this year was kind of due to perfectly timing. The hedging, when WTI was at those levels versus maybe paying a premium to be hedged at $72. In other words, even just since April, just to understand how much is -- where your hedge...
Brian Rice: Robin, on the close in stuff, we have done no additional hedges. Any change that is in the pricing, that we're putting out there is a result of trying to take the fuels that we burn and give you a WTI equivalent. In 2011, we have done no additional hedges. And as I mentioned before, we've done them in the out years. And as much as I'd love to give our team, who I think is brilliant, credit for perfect timing, it's really got nothing to do with that. But again, Ian has all those details, and in terms of the yield, we try to put a lot more out in the marketplace today to help you to be able to model this. And I think Ian would be more than happy to sit down with the facts that we've laid out and try to help you reconcile it.
Operator: And you have a question from the line of Tim Conder of Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just back on the Med, a little bit of mixed understanding on my part. Are you saying that as you see things currently, you have -- you feel you have things stabilized or you still -- do you still believe that, that is a fluid situation?
Daniel Hanrahan: Tim, this is Dan. What we have said is that pricing actions that we've taken have stimulated demand. And as the guidance that we're putting out today is our best estimates of what's going to happen in the market as we go forward. But we have seen a nice pickup in demand as a result of the pricing that we have there today. We don't particularly care for the pricing, but we have seen a nice pickup in demand.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, so both from a demand and a pricing perspective, you're seeing demands picking up, so that's not that the pricing you feel is appears stabilized for the, primarily the Eastern Med itineraries?
Daniel Hanrahan: Yes.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, and then secondly, back to the onboard spending. Brian, could you -- just any comment there. Or are you saying that debt was down slightly? If you could just look at the calculations that you guys had given for the second quarter, is there anything in there that we should -- should we just look at that at face value? Or is there anything in there that we should maybe make some adjustments? So is underlying onboard spending broadly flattish to slightly down or is there something else clouding that number?
Adam Goldstein: Tim, it's Adam. Broadly flattish would be an accurate depiction. I would not say broadly flattish to slightly down.
Brian Rice: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. As usual, Ian will be available throughout the day to help with your follow-ups and your modeling. Again, we appreciate you dialing in today, and we hope you have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Adam Goldstein - Chief Executive of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International Richard Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian Rice - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Daniel Hanrahan - Chief Executive of Celebrity Cruises and President of Celebrity Cruises
Analysts: Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank Unknown Analyst - 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Joanne, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Rice, you may begin your conference.
Brian Rice: Thank you, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank each of you for joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, the President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, our President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President, Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which we have posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website.  Richard will begin with his comments about our strategic direction. I will follow with a brief recap of our results, comment on the demand environment and provide our forward guidance. Adam and Dan will then talk more about our brands, and then we'll open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thanks, Brian, and welcome to everyone to our first quarter earnings call. As always, I enjoy this quarterly opportunity to provide an informal update on what's happening in our business. While these are certainly interesting times, both in our world and in our business, that will make this discussion a little more complicated than normal. But while there are a lot of moving parts, the net result of all of these moving parts is remarkably positive. We therefore try to provide more transparency in the press release itself, and we intend to publish our full 10-Q later today. The objective is to provide you with all the information in a timely manner. Now I know everybody's focus is on the next 3 quarters, but I don't want to ignore completely the results of the first 3 months. Revenues were better than expected, costs were well-controlled, and that combined with our hedging program, lead to a blowout quarter. It shows the upside potential from these and modest improvements. I'd like to take a moment actually to enjoy that progress before we talk about the rest of the year. Now I was hoping that the first quarter improvements would continue for the full year, and for the most part, they still are. We've obviously been confronted, though, with some significant challenges from fuel and from geopolitical events, but it's profoundly rewarding to be able to demonstrate our people's ability to deal even with those challenges. The bottom line is we still expect 2011 to be a great year, almost as strong as we had originally hoped. Now I do have to admit that I hate bemoaning these geopolitical events and characterize them as frustrating given the suffering that they have caused for so many. The events are tragic by any stretch of the imagination, and for the many people living through them, they are unfathomable. Our thoughts and our prayers are with all of them. But as it relates to our business operations, by becoming a more international company, we are more broadly exposed to events that occur throughout the world. The plus side of that is that our exposure to any one event is much more limited than it's been in the past. For example, previously, a Caribbean hurricane could affect the majority of the fleet all at once, but obviously, that's less so the case today. Diversification reduces our risk from any one event, but it also means that we will feel some impact from a broader range of events. Now as you can see from our forward guidance, Japan and Egypt have caused adjustments to our full year outlook, but our more International fleet allocation has afforded us the opportunity to offset the net booking constructions by the strength, for example, in Alaska and the Caribbean. Overall, our risk mitigation and diversification efforts, whether they be through itinerary planning or fuel hedging, are working as they should to reduce earnings volatility and to insulate our shareholders. And given the magnitude of the recent worldwide events and the run-up in fuel pricing, I think a $0.15 reduction in full year earnings would constitute a surprisingly good result.  I've probably already spent too much time talking about changing events, so let's talk about what has not changed, mainly our very bullish long-term outlook for our returns and our balance sheet. I'm sure you noticed in our press release that we mentioned our strategic focus several times. First, with regard to cost, we are feeling the pressures, and we are feeling them in precisely the areas that we said we were most concerned about: food and transportation, in particular. However, our team has managed to offset these cost pressures without sacrificing our customer engagement initiatives. On a like-for-like basis, you will note that despite the pressures, our cost estimate in constant currency have not changed, pretty remarkable under the circumstances.  Now Dan and Adam will spend some time talking about their respective initiatives, but from a corporate standpoint, we see enhanced customer and agency engagement as key drivers of yield improvement going forward. It helps that we offer such an attractive value proposition, but going forward, we're concentrating on being a little less of a value. Our business model is highly sensitive to revenue or pricing leverage. In fact, each additional 1% we can improve pricing moves our earnings per share up by about $0.25. Given this backdrop, going forward, you should expect to see us towing the line on costs but pushing harder than ever to enhance our pricing, both by being more attractive to the guests and by strengthening the support we provide to our travel agent partners. This will continue to include sales and marketing commitments, our hardware investments, better deployment or enhanced websites, just to name a few. These actions do put pressure on cost, but we only intend to pursue them if they generate disproportionate benefit on revenues. Along those lines, you'll note that we have modestly increased our CapEx estimates. Part of this relates to Project Sunshine, which we have previously announced and which we reasonalized a contract for. Another part of the increase relates to our revitalization programs, which have been underway for some time now. Our results from the refurbishments we have already completed have been so compelling, both in terms of guest satisfaction and returns, that we feel is appropriate to accelerate and expand these. Lastly, we've also been investing in new technologies to reduce our energy consumption. This is an area I've talked about previously, and one where our team has excelled. But we keep finding new ways to drive further enhancements, and these investments drive terrific savings and great returns. On that note, I will tell you that it's nice to be back to talking to this audience about long-term strategic thinking, about how to grow our business and expand our margins. The recent geopolitical events are tough facts of life, but I think we're managing through them effectively. The increase in the price of fuel is a greater long-term focus. Our hedging program is doing just what it was intended to do, ameliorate short-term swings. Longer term, we note that fuel prices don't get set in a vacuum. They are interdependent with many other factors, including economic activities, foreign exchange rate and demand generation. As noted previously, our team is working assiduously to reduce our energy consumption, and they have proven remarkably adept at doing so. Another strategic goal is to improve our balance sheet and return to investment grade. Again, we've made good progress, both in terms of liquidity and financial ratios. We intend to continue building on that base.  With that, I'll turn it back over to Brian. Brian?
Brian Rice: Thank you, Richard. Before I go into our results, I would like to mention that we recognize there are more moving parts than usual in our results and forward guidance. As a consequence, we are trying to be more transparent and provide you with more detail than usual to help you reconcile the numbers and better understand the drivers behind them. Our first quarter results are summarized on our second slide. In the first quarter, we generated net income of $91.6 million or $0.42 a share. Our operating income improved by $58 million, or by just over 63%. Net yields improved 4% on an as reported basis and 2.8% on a constant currency basis. We saw improvements in both ticket and onboard revenues and across all of our major product groups. Close in bookings came in stronger than expected, particularly in the Caribbean and Brazil. Net cruise costs per APCD were 2/10 of 1% on an as reported basis and were down 1/10 of 1% on a constant currency basis. We did have some timing differences, but overall, our management team continues to do an outstanding job managing expenses. Fuel costs were $2 million better than expected largely due to the performance of our swaps, which in total mitigated about $36 million of the fuel price increase. I would also like to point out that our consumption on a capacity adjusted basis improved another 4% from the first quarter of last year. In addition to our fuel swaps, as we have previously disclosed, we have numerous WTI fuel options, which provide additional insurance against rising fuel prices. These options are at strike prices ranging from $90 to $150 and have various maturities running through 2013. A full listing of our option portfolio is available in our 10-K.  Unlike swaps, which largely receive hedge accounting treatment, our options are mark-to-market at the end of each reporting period. The change in value is then recorded below the line in other income. While this can cause fluctuations in short-term earnings, options provide additional protection of future cash flows in a fixed cost. In the first quarter, we recognized a gain of $24.2 million due to the increase in the value of our fuel options. In an effort to help you model this going forward, I will mention that option values are driven in large part by changes in spot fuel prices and changes in the forward curve but are also influenced by volatility. On Slide 3, we have plotted the changes in WTI spot prices versus the changes in the value of our option portfolio for the last year to give you a sense of how the two correlate. As you can see, there is a pretty good correlation between the two, but not a perfect one. In addition to the gains from our fuel options, we have had additional improvement in other income from our equity pickups, which includes our joint venture in Germany, TUI cruises. TUI cruises is in only its second year of operation, but is already performing very well and making positive contributions to our results.  During the first quarter, we sold the Celebrity Mercury to TUI cruises, adding a second vessel to the brand. We did have a $24 million gain on the sale, but because this was a related party transaction, the gain will be recognized over an extended period and it will not be material to our earnings. Moving on to the booking environment. We see exception of itineraries affected by the events in Northern Africa and Japan. Demand for our brands has been very stable to slightly improving since our last call. And despite the disruptions, in total, our booked load factors and average per diems continue to outpace same time last year by comfortable margins. The events in Tunisia and Egypt forced us to modify the itineraries of 63 sailings across 4 of our brands. In Asia, we have 1 ship in the Royal Caribbean brand dedicated to the region. Prior to the earthquake in Japan, we were forecasting double-digit yield improvement for the Legend of the Seas. Unfortunately, our spring deployment of this vessel was targeted to the Chinese market with Japan as a featured destination. In total, we have already rerouted 21 sailings as a result of the tragic events in Japan, and it is likely we will need to make further modifications going forward.  While the situation is still fluid, our best estimate is that the total direct impact from the combination of these geopolitical events will be approximately $0.20 per share and will reduce our yields by about 1%. Not included in these figures are the indirect costs associated with discounting we needed to do to stimulate bookings for Mediterranean itineraries as an indirect consequence of the turmoil in the region. Prior to the Libyan uprising, Mediterranean bookings were running ahead of the same time last year despite significant increases in capacity. And as many of you saw in your research, during the months of February and March, demand softened considerably, particularly out of the U.S. and U.K. markets. Over the last few weeks, however, bookings have returned to normal levels, albeit at reduced pricing. Despite all of this, I think it is important to note that we still expect our European product line in total to finish the year with yield increases in the mid-single digits. Additionally, our other product groups, including the Caribbean and Alaska, continue to show strong year-over-year improvement. We expect this strength to substantially offset the discounting you have witnessed in the Mediterranean.  Now I'd like to provide you with an update of our forward guidance for the full year.  On Slide 4, you will see we expect yields to be up 5% to 7% on an as reported basis and up 3% to 5% on a constant currency basis. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are forecasted to increase 2% to 3% on a constant currency basis and between 4% and 5% on an as reported basis. On Slide 5, we have provided a reconciliation from our previous guidance to help you see the primary drivers of the changes. In addition to the geopolitical events I have already talked about, the primary changes from our previous guidance have been changes in currency exchange rates and the expansion of tour operations within our Pullmantur brand. As you can see, the weakening U.S. dollar has had a positive effect on revenue yields of between 1% and 2% but has also inflated our net cruise costs by about 1%.  Our Pullmantur brand operates a tour company that includes revenue and expenses from land operations, air charters and travel distribution. Pullmantur has recently expanded its air and distribution operations in Spain. Both of these initiatives are expected to strengthen our brand and improve our market position in the future. And while this area may cause some volatility in our metrics, we expect little to no effect on earnings for the balance of the year. We currently expect about a 1% increase in yields and about a 1.5% increase in costs due to these initiatives.  Excluding currency exchange rates and the impact of tour operations, our other costs have remained consistent to slightly better than our previous guidance. We have begun to see some inflationary pressures, especially related to food and transportation, but we have been able to find offsetting savings in other areas.  Turning to fuel. Based on current prices, we have included $770 million in our full year guidance. We are currently 56% hedged for the balance of 2011, and a 10% change in price equates to approximately $31 million, not including changes in the value of our fuel options. On Slide 6, we thought it would be helpful to provide you with an EPS bridge reconciling our updated guidance for the guidance we gave back in January. At that time, we provided initial guidance for the year of $3.25 to $3.45. As I mentioned previously, the direct impact of the geopolitical events is expected to be about $0.20.  At today's pricing, fuel expense, net of our hedges, cost us another $0.30. But we recovered about $0.11 of this in the first quarter from the change in the value of our fuel options. In addition, when fuel prices are increasing, the U.S. dollar, more often than not, is decreasing in value, which has a positive effect on our earnings. Since our last call, we have picked up about $0.15 in our forecast from currency.  So in a nutshell, the midpoint of our guidance has been lowered by approximately $0.15. The bad news is oil prices have increased about 30% since our last call, and the events in Japan and Northern Africa have already disrupted 84 sailings directly and caused the temporary slowdown in Mediterranean demand. On the brighter side, we have been able to offset virtually all of the increases in oil prices through our hedges, options and currency gains. The demand environment remains sound, and for the vast majority of our products, demand is as good as or better than it was in January. And with the exception of Asia, we are forecasting yield increases for all of our other product groups. On Slide 7, we have provided the guidance for the second quarter on both an as reported basis as well as a constant currency basis. The drivers of these figures are the same as I went through for the full year. You will likely note that the constant currency yield increase for the quarter is low relative to the full year. This is driven by two factors: First, the majority of the impact from events in Northern Africa and Japan are expected to be felt in the second quarter; and secondly, most of the revenue upside from Pullmantur's increased tour operations will fall in the second half of the year with very limited impact in Q2.  Lastly, I would like to note that in the first quarter, we paid off a $500 million bond, and we continue to make good progress toward our goal of returning to investment grade. Our liquidity as of March 31 was $1.6 billion.  I would now like to turn the call over to Adam for his comments about the Royal Caribbean International brand. Adam?
Adam Goldstein: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As Brian mentioned, we outperformed our revenue guidance in the first quarter. Nearly all products from source markets contributed to this success with strong late bookings bolstering our yields throughout the quarter. In particular, we enjoyed another year of progress in the markets we formerly referred to as developmental, including Australia, Brazil and Singapore. We have reached the point in these regions where we no longer consider them developmental but simply important cruise markets in which we compete.  As both Richard and Brian mentioned, the various natural and human events that are affecting our world began to have an impact on us near the end of an otherwise very successful first quarter and will continue to have an effect on us for some time to come.  I will simply note two consequences of these events. In Asia, the prospects for Legend of the Seas China season were bright in the days leading up to her first Shanghai departure on March 14. The Royal Caribbean International brand is already recognized as the leading international brand in the emerging China market, and our year-over-year yield outlook was for substantial growth, as Richard and Brian have noted.  Our excitement at starting the season early soon evaporated, however, as the magnitude of the multifaceted tragedy in Japan unfolded. It became clear that we would have to radically alter our program in the short term, relocating the ship to Singapore on a few weeks' notice and starting over from scratch. It is a credit to our colleagues in Asia that we can generate decent load factors under such circumstances. Our ability to respond to an unanticipated dislocation of this magnitude in a relatively new cruise region underscores the maturity of our International sales and marketing capability and the global acceptance of the Royal Caribbean International brand. Meanwhile, in Europe, the succession of events in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya have of course had an impact on our 2011 Mediterranean program. As with Asia, we are pleased with the ability of our sales and marketing colleagues in Europe to drive encouraging booking activity for our 11 ship Europe program this summer. We have announced substitutions for all scheduled calls in Egypt for the remainder of the year.  We have also announced the relocation of Navigator of the Seas from the Mediterranean to the Caribbean for the winter 2011-2012 season. We do not aspire to change deployments after they have been announced and opened for sale, but it is an attribute of our business model that we are able to do so when necessary. The Navigator Winter Europe program of 14-night cruises to Egypt was an ambitious program from its inception. Once we found ourselves in a situation where we could not count on calling at the destination highlight of the itinerary, our judgment was that we will perform substantially better by bringing the ship to the Caribbean than we would have done by changing the Egypt calls to Turkey and remaining in Europe for the winter. Although there is of course very limited visibility for the 2012 Europe season at this time, we remain bullish on our brand's prospects for next year in Europe and view the navigator situation as a unique one. Turning to our fleet. We continue to benefit from the flawless introduction of Allure of the Seas and the dual impact in the market of the Oasis-class ship. In addition, during the first quarter, we completed dry docks of both Freedom of the Seas and Liberty of the Seas where, under the umbrella of the Royal Advantage, we added a variety of new features and technologies that have resonated incredibly well with our guests. For example, we now offer the DreamWorks Experience on both Oasis-class ships as well as on Freedom and Liberty, and it is a wonderful offering for our guests.  In May, we will revitalize the already beautiful Radiance of the Seas, again having a number of features from our more recent ship class. And in the fall, we will do the same for Splendour of the Seas. Finally, we continue to generate high guest satisfaction ratings and received exceptionally positive feedback from our travel agent partners and the media around the world.  With that, I would like to thank all of the men and women at Royal Caribbean for continuing to deliver the WOW. Dan?
Daniel Hanrahan: Thanks, Adam, and good morning, everyone. It's been a very interesting few months since we last spoke. As always, there a lot of exciting things going on with Celebrity. Celebrity Silhouette is in the midst of the final phases of her construction and sets sail in July of this year. Enhancing our guest vacation time with the host of industry first venues and experiences. In addition, we started cutting steel for the fifth in the 5-ship Solstice-class Series, Celebrity Reflection at shipbuilder Meyer Werft in Papenburg, Germany last month. The 3,030 guest ship will debut in the fall of 2012 and be the largest of the 5 ships.  Our first Solstice-sized ships, Celebrity Constellation, has now been sailing for almost a year since we built the size there. I'm very pleased with the way she has been performing, including our guest satisfaction rating, onboard revenue and ticket revenue. We have also seen good support from the travel agency community for cancellation. Celebrity Infinity is next this November, followed quickly by Celebrity Summit in January and Celebrity Millennium next April. This has been an ambitious schedule that we feel will have a very positive effect on the brand. During the first quarter, we had healthy demand for all of our products, the majority of which were Caribbean, and both volume and rate came in slightly up ahead of where we had thought at the time of the previous call. Our Solstice-class ships continue to command healthy premiums to other ships in our fleet in both ticket and onboard revenue, and all of our ship classes generally performed as planned. We are also pleased with our onboard revenue. All of our revenue areas performed as expected with our drinks package program continuing to drive healthy increases in our beverage revenues. I am quite proud of how the Celebrity team here in Miami and on the ships has mannered the inflationary pressures we are facing. Our continued focus on delivering the best possible guest experience and managing our costs has continued to pay off with record guest satisfaction rating and very strong cost control.  Some of the most exciting news is the announcement in opening of our Summer 2012 and Winter '12, '13 deployment. All this deployment will be opened by the end of the month, but I wanted to share the most exciting highlights and new itineraries with you today. First, and one that our loyal Captain Club members have been anticipating for some time is the announcement that we will be introducing the ships in the far east during the winter of 2012 and '13. Celebrity Millennium, which will be Solsticized in April 2012 will visit 9 countries new to the brand, including Vietnam, Thailand and China among others. The inaugural season will consist of a series of 14-night open-dock cruises between Singapore and Hong Kong.  Also exciting and new for the brand is the introduction of the Celebrity Solstice to Australia and New Zealand for the winter of 2012 and '13. Celebrity Century will be sailing the Australia, New Zealand run this winter. Our confidence in our sales and marketing team in Australia was a key part of our decision to send Solstice down under. On arriving in Australia, the ship will deliver a series of 12 and 13-night open-dock sailings between Sydney and Auckland, New Zealand. Many of these itineraries will include overnight stays in Sydney. In the summer of 2012, we'll have our largest Europe lineup ever with 6 ships, 5 Solstice-class ships when Reflection joins the fleet in the late October of next year and the Solsticized Constellation, visiting 70 ports in 24 countries, sailing from 6 departure ports. Brian?
Brian Rice: Thanks, Dan. We will now open the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Joanne?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Tim Conder. [Wells Fargo Securities]
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Adam, or Dan, can you talk about how the demand from the U.K. is relative to the continent and then if there's any way to exclude the impact of what's going on in the MENA? And I guess in relation to that, too, maybe contrast the cruise industry demand, what you're seeing relative to that of Thompson from the other's land, more land-focused tour operators.
Adam Goldstein: Well, I don't know how many questions that actually aggregated to, Tim. It was probably more than two. Well, the U.K. market, as you know, is a very strategic market for us, and it is a market that is actually the primary source market for our European cruise program. And we expect to have a solid successful season from the U.K. market. We had gotten off to a good start for the market, and we believe that the customers there will continue to see the value of our cruises throughout the Mediterranean Baltic region as the season goes on. So it's one of the markets that we're counting on for our sourcing of the program this summer, and we expect the market to come through for us. We do see somewhat differential performance from one market to another depending on their geography and their relationship with some of the different events that have taken place. So in the last month or so, we have seen pretty solid demand, some of it at lower prices than we would have received if we had been in the absence of these events. But nevertheless, we expect to fill our ships and we expect to do it at reasonable pricing as the season wears on. It's very hard to divorce what's happening in the U.K. and the EMEA markets from the rest of what we're doing because they've just become so strategic and such a primary source market for us that we take them sort of integrally into the mix as we do our business.
Daniel Hanrahan: Tim, it's Dan. I can add a little bit. I could tell you that with Eclipse, which is an ex-U.K. product and substantially sourced out of the U.K. that the demand has been very strong, and we're experiencing a very, very good year out of the U.K. Prices are appraised substantially over a year ago. So we're quite pleased with the U.K. performance. I can't really comment relative to the tour operators, but I can tell you anecdotally that our team is proud of what they've been able to accomplish this year.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then maybe as my second question here, can you talk about whether from North American perspective or European perspective, what percent of passengers in general are fly versus drive to the ports of departure?
Adam Goldstein: Hey, Tim, it's Adam. You talking about on a global basis?
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Yes, yes. And does that vary between North American passengers and/or European passengers?
Adam Goldstein: Okay. Well, in general, we, and to some extent the whole industry, over time have developed lots and lots of new home ports, making it a lot easier for people to get to the cruises. And that doesn't really matter at this point whether you're in Asia, Europe or in the Americas. There are major cruises departing from somewhere near you. So if you'd come back to Europe that you asked about originally, more than 3/4 of our customers on our 11-ship program in Europe this season are not from the U.S. So while U.S. people, who are trying to cruise with us in Europe, have to figure out the air situation obviously in order to get over for the cruise, that's less than 1/4 of our sourcing mix. And in the U.S., obviously, if you live in Chicago, you're probably looking at air transportation to get to the cruise. But with the range of cruises that we offer around the seaboard, there's a lower percentage of people that have to do that than ever before.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And is there any global, kind of global composite number of drive versus fly customers?
Adam Goldstein: I don't think we have that number. I mean, we really look at it on a deployment-by-deployment basis and making sure the ships are in the right places for the market. But it's certainly a lot -- there a lot fewer people flying to cruises than they used to be. I just don't have the exact percentage.
Brian Rice: Okay. And I can tell you that the number of people that purchase their air through us is only about 10%.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sharon Zackfia. [William Blair & Company]
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I apologize if I missed this, but did you comment as to whether or not Mediterranean pricing was leveling off? And then if you could give us an idea as we look forward to the back half of the year, I mean, are we expecting yields then peak in the third quarter because of the seasonality of some of the issues you were talking about? Or is it more of a fourth quarter peak in yield?
Brian Rice: Sharon, the Mediterranean, we're still discounting. We had got the volume back where it needs to be, but it is discounted from before the Libyan situation. But the volume's back, and our yields in aggregate from the other products are substantially offsetting at discounting. We are looking at peak yields in the third quarter in part because of the impact of the items that we talked about but also, as we alluded to on our last call, the third quarter is probably where we have the most ground to make up to pre-recession levels.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay. And I guess just to clarify, when I was asking about pricing in the Mediterranean, I was just wondering if the pricing if the continuing to go down or now that you've seen the bookings kind of reestablish themselves if you're seeing some sort of levels around there. I understand it's discounted versus a couple of months ago.
Brian Rice: Okay. I'm sorry. At this point, we're not adding discounts other than the normal tactical things that go on in the marketplace. But I think our pricing is more back in equilibrium with the demand environment and relatively stable at this point.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Milota. [JPMorgan Chase]
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I was hoping you could give a little bit more detail surrounding the cost initiatives you have to offset the food and transportation pricing. And then also, if you could just provide a little bit more detail for the second and third quarter in terms of booked load factor and per diems for the North American and European business, kind of parse out both pieces?
Adam Goldstein: Thank you, Kevin, this is Adam. On the cost initiatives, which go across all of our brands, and clearly when we're under pressure for things like food costs and transportation costs, we're going to be looking at our general and administrative cost environment, looking at the ways that we move our crew around the world to and from the ships in their home. And in general, looking for every opportunity that we possibly have that doesn't have any impact on guest satisfaction, which both Dan and I have noted, remains at very, very high levels, which is forward to our strategy. So while we are always attentive to costs, under these circumstances, we look even harder than ever and we find offsetting opportunities.
Brian Rice: Kevin, in terms of the booked load factors and APD's, the only level of detail we're going to provide is the fact that both are up in aggregate, and I think I mentioned in my script that we are looking for all of our product groups to be -- to have year-over-year yield improvement based on the order book we have today with the one exception of Asia as a result of the events in Japan.
Operator: Your next is from the line of Felicia Hendrix. [Barclays Capital]
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: This is kind of asking a question another way. But in your last quarter, you had mentioned in January that you were 50% booked for the year, so where are you now?
Brian Rice: Sharon, we're -- I'm sorry, Felicia, we're not going to -- we don't have the specific numbers that we're prepared to provide today. I can tell you that we -- as normal as after the post WAVE season we're obviously feeling better and better about our order book and where it is and our ability to meet the projections that we've provided. Generally speaking, we've talked about being 50% booked in the rolling 12-month period, and that if you look at it quarterly, it's rather linear. And I think from there, you should be able to kind of triangulate where we are.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. And Dan, you've mentioned several times in the call that your pricing is good everywhere else besides the Mediterranean. I'm just wondering in those other regions, are you continuing to be able to raise prices? And I'm asking that in context of the promotional environment we're seeing in the Caribbean. I know that you've discussed that as being tactical, but I'm wondering how that compares to other periods just to give us a context of those tactical promotions.
Daniel Hanrahan: Hi Felicia, it's Dan. The first part of your question is we have been able to raise prices I think Brian mentioned in his comments about Alaska and the Caribbean. But in other areas, we've been able to get some traction on prices in Bermuda this year. So we are seeing outside of the Med [Mediterranean] the ability to raise prices. We've also been able to raise some prices in Northern Europe. So we are able to largely offset the shortfall in the Med. And then in Med promotions are typical promotions that we do anywhere when we run into a situation where we aren't getting the demand that we'd like. So we've seen prices level off, but there are specific sailings where we've had to do tactical things that will help for demand - onboard credits, travel agent incentives, et cetera.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: I'm sorry. The promotions that I was talking about were if you could comment on those in the Caribbean that we're all seeing?
Daniel Hanrahan: We're -- I might turn that over to Adam because Celebrity is leaving the Caribbean right now, so we're out, probably out on the meaning of that one.
Adam Goldstein: Yes. I think it's actually good that you referred to some of the promotional activity of it possibly being normal because one of the yield maximization techniques that is completely normal is promotional activity to help us achieve the highest prices possible on a variety of ship, forcing customers from a variety of markets. And I would characterize what's happening in the Caribbean as completely normal at this point. The overall situation is positive. The outlook is positive. The experience that we just had in the last quarter was positive. So the Caribbean environment is in pretty good shape for our brands.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Steve Waskosky [ph].
Unknown Analyst - : Going back to Europe, you talked about pricing, but now the booking window there has historically been a little bit longer than what you get in North America. Have you seen any change there over the past 6 months?
Adam Goldstein: Steve, I would say that the booking window reflects the transition that has occurred in the business, which is that you have people closer to home generally cruising on the ships. So as that mix has changed from people coming from far away to cruise towards people coming from close away to cruise. The booking window reflects that accordingly. People don't have to do long-term planning for their air arrangements of the same rate that they would have previously done. People who can drive the market, drive to the ship, take a bus to the ship, take a train to the ship are able to make decisions later in time. So the evolution of the booking window with respect to the European programs reflects the fact that the programs of 10, 15 years ago, which were almost entirely in our case in to getting in North America is to take a long-haul trip over to Europe to experience the European cruise vacation have now shifted to where it's primarily for local markets to take cruise vacations.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. Got you. And then, Brian, a question for you on the SG&A line. That spiked up there a good bit sequentially. But what kind of caused that? Is this a better level than what you kind of witnessed back in 2010?
Brian Rice: Well, I think Richard and Adam and Dan all referenced a lot of our customer engagement initiatives. We do have investments that we're making in the new markets. We're also investing -- I think Richard alluded to websites and some of the other initiatives that we have. I think the G&A line is very well controlled right now. But we are investing in the marketing side. We think strategically that's in our best interest, and we'll help drive the revenues where we'd like to get them.
Richard Fain: Yes. And, Steven, I'll just add. I think we do see that the investments that we're making, most of this relates either to sales and marketing efforts in the U.S. or to our growth internationally. So we have significantly expanded our focus and our others in places like China, Brazil, et cetera. We're also investing in things that will hopefully make us even more attractive to the travel agent community in terms of systems, programs. So all of those are expensive. They've been included in our forecast and our expectations. And while we -- coming back to a question that was asked earlier, while we are trying to control costs and seem to have done so, we're not doing it at the sacrifice of those things, which we think pay off.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robin Farley. [UBS Investment Bank]
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: I wanted to clarify -- there's a lot of moving parts on the senior guidance. So just to clarify, just so we could think about just cruise demand and exclude sort of Pullmantur, that's not really meaningful to cruise yields and then currency. If your prior guidance was constant currency of up 4% to 5%, if we exclude the additions of Pullmantur, is the bottom end of your constant currency yield guidance now -- is the full range up 2% to 4%? In other words, the bottom end of the range, it looks like it's going down by 200 basis points excluding currency in Pullmantur. And I just want to understand where the other 100 basis point, you mentioned 100 basis points from the disruptions from geopolitical events, but it looks like the bottom end of range may be going down by 200 basis points.
Brian Rice: Robin, I think if you go back on the website and look at Slide 5, we've done our best to really reconcile this. I think the bottom line here is if you take currency out and you take Pullmantur for expansion out and you take the events, specifically the very direct impact of Japan and Northern Africa, just the direct part, everything else is about the same in aggregate as it was in January, that the Mediterranean discounting has put a drag on yields, but we have been able to offset that with Alaska, Caribbean, Bermuda and the other products that Adam and Dan talked about. In terms of the mechanics of the number, I think we tried to lay that out as best we could on the slide.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: No, I do see the slide, but the slide actually doesn't clarify your specific constant currency yield increase in Pullmantur.
Brian Rice: Our constant currency with those -- taking currency and tour out of it would be down about 1% as a result of the events in Japan and Northern Africa. All other products net out with the Mediterranean being a drag and everything else being positive in offsetting that.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: So your constant currency, excluding Pullmantur, either is not the up 2% to 4% now?
Brian Rice: I don't have the mechanics of the numbers you're describing. And I think, Ian could more than work through this.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Now that helps because it -- it just -- it looks like excluding the basis points of Pullmantur that the bottom of the range is x currency and x Pullmantur maybe down by about 200 basis points. I just wanted to understand what was driving that. And then also just in not clarifying in the release, the full year EPS range of the $3.10 to $3.30, that you're including the benefit of the fuel options there. So excluding the fuel option would be $2.99 to $3.19, is that right? I just want to make sure.
Brian Rice: $0.11 is in our guidance.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: The other question I had was if you could comment on sort of whether you will be hedging or are interested in hedging above -- looking after 2014, you've historically hedged out starting 3 years out. Will you be hedging above the $103 per barrel that you mentioned in the release? Or I guess,what are the plans for 2014 hedges now?
Richard Fain: Yes. Robin, we tend to keep looking at these things on an ongoing basis. We don't have -- and so we're not going to specify a specific at any one point in time. We do tend to be a little bit opportunistic. We've already entered into some hedges for 2014, which we've talked about and disclosed in the release and in our filings. So I think you can assume that we will continue the kind of pattern that we have in the past whereas we consume, we continue to look forward. I think you can also assume that we will continue to have a strong focus on things that we can do to reduce the total amount of fuel we consume. So we will, yes, continue the hedging out and hopefully we'll have less to hedge as we continue to conserve.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Janet Brashear. [Sanford C. Bernstein]
Jonathan Hekster: This is Jonathan winging for Janet. Here, wondering if you could speak about the composition of your cruise itineraries in terms of the breakdown between developed markets, like the U.S. and Europe, versus emerging markets and how you expect that to evolve going forward.
Brian Rice: Jonathan, I'll mention that I think the best way to do this is if you could give Ian a call after, he can give you the specific breakdown that can correlate this. Maybe Adam and Dan want to comment in terms of where the trend is going forward.
Adam Goldstein: Jonathan, this is Adam, hi. from an overall perspective, the look of the International fleet is now in the stable posture. We have received our new ships. We don't have a new ship coming for some years. So we will be roughly where you see as at. We've made very strong commitments to Europe. We have important involvements in Brazil, in Australia and China. And of course, we maintain a strong competitive position in and around North America and the Caribbean. So we are probably not going to change other than at the margin. Because at this point, with a stable fleet, if we take something towards one area, that means we have to reduce in another, and we're pretty optimistic about all the regions in which we are competing.
Richard Fain: I think it's also -- I would just make, Jonathan, one additional comment, and Adam mentioned in his script, some of the things that we used to call developmental are now core to us, and that's a progress that we've gone through, although as Adam says, we think we're mostly through that progress.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Assia Georgieva. [Infinity Research]
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: I had a question, a kind of the follow-up on Robin's question on fuel options. In the guidance that you've provided as the $3.10 to $3.30, have you included any other potential accounting benefit from the fuel option mark-to-market other than the $0.11?
Brian Rice: Assia, the $0.11 is in there, but because we won't mark-to-market those until the end of the quarter, there would be no additional in there.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Okay. So that would come on...
Brian Rice: That's done at the end of each quarter, and it's based on the market value of the options at that part of day.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: My second question, 3 months ago, when you were looking at Q2 during a key booking time frame for that quarter, how have your expectations change relative to today's guidance? I imagine they have come down. Can you give us the magnitude?
Brian Rice: Oh, again, I think the best way to say it is that the Mediterranean became softer as a result of Libya. Obviously, the events in Asia, and Egypt and Tunisia had an impact. I would say all those product lines are down from our expectations when we had our last call. But our expectations related to the Caribbean, Alaska and the other product lines are the same to slightly better. And the net effect of it is excluding the direct impact of Egypt, Tunisia and Japan, net-net, it's all about the same as it was 3 months ago.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: And would it be fair if today core old guidance in constant dollar of 1% to 2% three months ago maybe you were looking at 3% to 4%. Is that sort of the magnitude we're looking at?
Brian Rice: As it relates to the second quarter?
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Yes.
Brian Rice: Yes. I would say the expectations are probably down in a range between 2% to 3% mainly because of the events that we've talked so much about today.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Okay. And if we assume Q3 yields of about 6%, would we be far off from kind of your expectations?
Brian Rice: What we've said is that Q3 will be the peak. And I think given the guidance that we have, you should be able to back into that number.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Well we also have Q4, which is always soft, so typically...
Brian Rice: Ian will be more than happy to help you with that one.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian. [Citigroup]
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: So my two questions, first one is as you look out to 2012, are you seeing any discounting there? So really the dis -- or is really just the discounting and kind of the summer sailings from the disruption?
Adam Goldstein: Greg, it's Adam. As we've kind of alluded to earlier on the conversation, the discounting, in general, is part of revenue maximization. And we're currently not seeing anything unusual in respect to that far forward. So it's very early days. There's limited visibility. But at this point, we're optimistic about that time frame, and the technical activities are what you would probably expect thus far in advance.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: Right. Good. Right. Good to hear. And second question, just in terms of maybe a consumer perspective. The reason for the discounting, I understand the disruption. Is the consumer thinking, it's more economic? Is it more economics there? Also, is there a safety issue? Or just the itinerary change kind of led to a lot of disruption that led you to need to discount to fill up those itineraries?
Daniel Hanrahan: Well, I guess it's probably a combination of all those, but I think really it's given -- it's what's going on in Northern African and people taking away to see approach to that. And what we've done is we've stimulated the market with price and we've been able to get the demand to come back as a result of that.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: Right. And you hear maybe that it's more of a safety issue, is that also somewhat of an issue for the consumer there?
Daniel Hanrahan: I think it's uncertainty is what's driving this. And I don't think that's -- the consumers are definitely concerned about their safety being in part of Southern Europe, but I just think it's the uncertainty that these kind of events bring that make people feel maybe a little slower to pull the trigger on booking their vacations.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Kent. [Goldman Sachs]
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Maybe I could go back to Robin's question because I think it's one that I'm struggling with, too, which is it just looks like you've lowered the second half of 2011 pretty dramatically and I still don't get it. And I know you've spent now an hour of viewing it, but it does look like that's happening. And then the second question I have is, you said that your expenses were lower in the first quarter due to timing. And that's the second time you said that, because in the fourth quarter, you said the same thing. So are all these expense -- at why the second half is going to be lower because some of these expenses that happened in the fourth quarter '10, first quarter '11 got shifted, are going to get shifted into the second half?
Brian Rice: Steve, the primary reason the last 9 months of the year would be down is $0.30 is related to fuel prices, all of which is hitting in Q2, Q3 and Q4. If you'd remember, we actually beat Q1 on fuel by about $2 million. So there's $0.30 there. There's $0.20 related to the events in Northern Africa and Japan. And then a distant third place would be some cost timing shifts. They're not substantial shifts. We're probably talking in the high single millions of dollars, and it's more the timing of things like maintenance on our vessels and some of the marketing investments that can shift easily between quarters. There's no structural shift in cost. But the events and the fuel prices are all concentrated in Q2, Q3 and, to a lesser extent, Q4.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I guess I'll talk to Ian.
Brian Rice: Okay. Well, we thank everybody for joining us today. And Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-ups you may have, and we wish everyone a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian Rice – EVP and CFO Richard Fain – Chairman and CEO  Adam Goldstein – CEO and President of Royal Caribbean International Daniel Hanrahan – President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises
Analysts: Steven Wieczynski – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo Securities Robin Farley – UBS Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital Sharon Zackfia – William Blair & Company Greg Badishkanian – Citigroup Assia Georgieva – Infiniti Research Harry Curtis – Nomura Securities Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management
Operator: Good morning. My name is Beneda, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. Rice, you may begin your conference.
Brian Rice: Thank you, Beneda, and good morning everyone. I'd like to thank each of you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which we have posted on our website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin with his comments about our strategic direction. I will follow with a brief recap of our results, comment on the demand environment and provide our forward guidance. Adam and Dan will then talk more about our brands, and then we will be happy to open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thanks, Brian, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Many of you know that I actually enjoy these quarterly calls to discuss what is happening at our company and in our industry. But to be perfectly frank some calls are more enjoyable than others, and this particular discussion is probably one of my most enjoyable ever. I would like to quickly review where we’re and how we got here, then I would like to focus on how we see the coming year shaping up. Obviously 2010 turned out to be a much better year than we expected. We initially gave guidance in the range of $2.10 per share based on a lackluster economy. Unfortunately, we were right about the economy, but our results did much better ending the year at $2.51 a share. Most important to me was that this improvement came about for all the right reasons strong brands driving higher prices, good cost control driving lower expenses, and better operating performance driving good progress in our credit metrics and in our returns on capital. Looking to 2011, the WAVE period is off to a good start. Our revenue management systems are actually remarkably good at discerning trends and consumer demands, and we saw this trajectory taking shape last fall. That is why we were able to project the 2011 would be such a record year. Since then our bookings have continued roughly along the path we expected with maybe a slight upward bias and the strong start to WAVE has confirmed our expectations. In addition to economic influences, the importance of strong brands performing well is often relegated to a subordinate role in conference calls such as these. But in fact they are the real drivers of our long-term success. I remain convinced that this is one of the most important lessons from our current experience. While working hard to manage cost, I believe our management teams have done an outstanding job of providing a quality of product and a level of service that we can be extremely proud of. I’m grateful to all of them and to the men and women who work so hard to make it successful. The result of all this is that our guest satisfaction levels are at historical highs, and this will continue to be a key factor in driving higher revenues. Now you all know that the amazing performance of our newer ships is a contributor to this success, but the performance is fleetwide and reflects our determination across the board. I really commend all of the employees for effectively balancing the need to deliver an unparalleled product with the necessity to improve our corporate returns. At the same time it is interesting to note that even with the robust bookings we are seeing during this WAVE period, our yields in 2011 still look to be about 6% lower than they were in 2007 or 2008. We will have recouped two thirds of the drop, and we see that as just the beginning. Imagine how well we will do when the economy stops being such a drag on our sales and actually starts contributing. But we are not waiting for the economy to provide a boost. We are focusing on many other ways to strengthen yield even during a down economy. One of the most important levers to achieving that goal is a fast-growing and diversified global sourcing pool of customers. Within the next year or so we expect that more than half of our guests will come from markets outside the United States. These international guests love our product just as much as our US guest, yet they are a faster growing demographic that has the potential to raise our pricing quickly. Looking forward therefore, we expect that in addition to slower capacity growth this larger pool of potential customers should positively influence our yield performance. One other aspect of our business that I don’t think that I don’t think gets enough public attention is the issue of energy conservation. We tend to focus a lot of attention on nonfuel expenses, but one unsung hero in our business is the group that manages our fuel expenses. They are a big part of our cost structure and they are also one of the most complex areas to manage. Our hedging program is one element of our efforts, but really the most important element for long-term success is the strong focus on reducing the absolute amount of energy that we use. Over the last five years we have reduced the number of gallons of fuel we use for everyday guests on board by 15% and that is going to grow another 5% in 2011. 15% or 20% is an enormous difference to our bottom line and to the environment. Put that in perspective if we have the same rate of fuel consumption in 2011 as we had in 2005 we would use 330,000 tons of fuel than we are actually using. And it would cost us more than $175 million for the year. Now I know the question, when will you order another ship is out there and it is waiting to be asked. It almost always is and I may as well address it upfront. I have previously confirmed that while we look forward to a period of slower growth, we do not intend to stagnate. We have been considering our next new building project and we feel that the time may now be right for such a move. It would also probably be the start of new series of ships, which would incorporate our latest learnings about efficiency and about guest amenities. We have been working intensively on developing a design that reflects our innovative spirit, but in an efficient package and we think that we are near to an acceptable outcome. Now normally you all know we don’t comment on new building projects until we have a firm order in hand. But we are far enough along on this project to militate this particular disclosure. I can tell you that we won’t act until all of the necessary components, including a strong return profile are in place. Now as we have previously emphasized, a significant emphasis is also being placed on upgrading our existing vessel and owning the customer globally. Our newest hardware continues to perform terrifically, and by 2012 55% of Celebrity’s fleet will be comprised of (inaudible) class hardware, and 63% of Royal Caribbean International’s fleet will be comprised of Oasis, Freedom, and Voyager class ships. Now certain aspects of these newer vessels are performing so well that we have decided to roll them out to the existing fleet. We have done this process, Oasissizing and Solsticing [ph]. We figured we are entitled to create a new word here. Each component of the roll-out is being evaluated on an ROIC basis, and these investments are being made with a mindful eye with improving our returns. So in closing, I would say that while our newest vessels continue to get a lot of well-deserved attention, and while 2010 results were better than we ever would have imagined, we still have a lot of gas in our tank. We remain very focused on cost, and we are evolving our attention around initiatives that will drive better revenue margins such as hardware revitalizations, global demand expansion, and customer relationship management tools, CRM. These initiatives combined with our superior fleet profile provided a terrific platform for top line earnings growth moving into 2011 and beyond. With that I would like to turn it back over to Brian for a more in-depth discussion. Brian.
Brian Rice: Thank you Richard. I would like to start by going through our fourth quarter results, which we summarized on the second slide. In the fourth quarter we had a $39 million increase in net income to $42.7 million, or $0.20 per share versus $0.02 per share in 2009. Net yields improved 4.2% on a constant currency basis, and because the US dollar was stronger during the fourth quarter our as reported yields improved 3.2%. During the quarter, we also had several weather-related incidents, which negatively impacted our yield performance. Absent these disrupted voyages, yields came in as expected. Net cruise costs per APCD were flat versus the same time last year and better than our guidance of up approximately 2%. On a constant currency basis, these costs were up 1% as compared to our guidance of up approximately 3%. Our brands continue to do an excellent job striking the right balance between delivering an outstanding guest experience and controlling costs. Fuel costs came in about $4 million better than expected driven by further reductions in consumption. Turning to slide three, you can see for the full year we produced net income of $547.5 million, or $2.51 per share, and in our cash flow statement you can see cash from operations nearly doubled to $1.7 billion. Total revenues improved by nearly $900 million and net yields increased 4.4% on a constant currency basis. Net cruise costs were down for the third year in a row dropping another 1.3% on a constant currency basis. Fuel expenses were well controlled despite volatile pricing thanks to our consumption savings initiatives and our fuel hedging program. I do think it is noteworthy that since 2005 we have been able to reduce our energy consumption per APCD by 15%. Moving on to the booking environment, we’re still early in the WAVE season, but the strength of the demand continues to be consistent with our earlier expectations. Last week we had the best booking week in our company’s history as measured by both guestbook booking volumes and revenue. In following the traditional pattern of WAVE, this week which is the third full week of WAVE is shaping up even better. For the year, booked load factors and average per diems are higher than same time last year. And as you can see from the balance sheet, customer deposits are running about 21% higher than the same time last year. Adam and Dan will provide color at the brand and product level, but overall the demand environment reminds solid and we are projecting another year of healthy yield recovery. And while we’re still not yet back to 2008 yield levels, our global footprint, the momentum of our brands, and our outstanding fleet profile position us well for continued revenue improvement. Now I would like to provide you with our forward guidance for 2011. On slide 4 you will see our guidance for the first quarter. We expect yields to be up 2% to 3% on an as reported basis and up 1% to 2% on a constant currency basis. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel are forecasted to increase 1% to 2% on a constant currency basis and approximately 2% on an as reported basis. At today’s prices and recognizing we are 63% hedged, fuel is expected to be approximately $168 million in the first quarter. Including fuel, net cruise costs are forecasted to be up approximately 1% on both an as reported and constant currency basis. Our EPS guidance for the first quarter is between $0.10 and $0.15 per share. As you compare this guidance to 2010, I would like to remind you that last year in the first quarter, we realized a gain of $0.39 per share due to a legal settlement. Excluding this settlement, our earnings last year were just about breakeven. Turning to slide 5, for the full year we currently expect yields to be up between 4% and 6% on an as reported basis and up 4% to 5% on a constant currency basis. This yield increase is expected to come almost entirely from ticket price increases. Overall, we have projected onboard and other revenue to be relatively flat. We are seeing very good onboard spending on our newer ships, but this has recently been offset by lower spending on some of our developmental itineraries, which can sometimes take a year or two to stabilize. Other revenues, which include our tour operations can be much more volatile. But any fluctuations in revenue are usually offset by corresponding changes on the cost side. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, should be up between 1% and 2% on a constant currency basis, and up approximately 2% on an as reported basis. Our focus on cost remains vigilant and our management team continues to do an excellent job finding ways of offsetting inflationary pressures. We have included increases in our marketing and selling efforts, particularly in some of our international markets and our web and CRM efforts. We are confident these investments will support our ability to drive higher prices going forward. At today’s fuel prices and recognizing we are 58% hedged fuel is expected to be approximately $705 million. Accordingly, net cruise costs are expected to increase 1% to 2% on a constant currency basis and approximately 2% on an as reported basis. Our guidance for earnings per share is between $3.25 and $3.45 per share. As of December 31, we had liquidity of $1.6 billion, plus unsecured committed financing of 1.3 billion for our two remaining net builds. During the fourth quarter, we finalized an additional revolving credit facility in the amount of $525 million, which matures in November 2014. Traditionally we have maintained one revolver with just over $1.2 billion in capacity. Going forward it is our intent to maintain two separate facilities with staggered maturities to further reduce the risk of volatile market conditions. Also in the fourth quarter Standard & Poor's upgraded our credit to bb. This was a first good step in our effort to return to investment grade. At this time, we expect to be able to meet all our 2011 maturities, including a $500 million maturity in February without accessing the capital markets, although we remain open to being opportunistic. Finally, I would like to point out that we currently have fuel hedges covering 58% of our forecasted consumption in 2011, as well as 55% and 30% for 2012 and 2013 respectively. I would now like to turn the call over to Adam for his comments about the Royal Caribbean International brand. Adam.
Adam Goldstein: Thank you Brian. Good morning everybody. Royal Caribbean International completed a year of progress in 2010 with improved revenue and cost, as well as the highly successful entry of the Allure of the Seas into service in December. We are excited to leverage our industry leading 22 ship fleet to continue developing our global business. And in fact we will be enhancing this fleet throughout 2011 under the royal advantage umbrella. As Richard mentioned, we are beginning to Oasissize [ph] the number of our ships beginning with Liberty of the Seas, which is currently on dry dock in the Bahamas. In addition to implementing the DreamWorks experience, we will debut Saturday Night Fever The Musical, add a 3-D movie capability and introduce other offerings in the areas of dining, children’s programming and customer facing technologies. They will also be revitalizing Freedom of the Seas, Radiance of the Seas, and Splendour of the Seas this year, as well as adding the DreamWorks experience to Oasis of the Seas. A year ago we cited a notable first-quarter revenue yield improvement in ships we had operating in Brazil, Australia, Dubai, Panama, Colombia, and Singapore. I am pleased to report that these same products, which primarily depend on local market sourcing are on their way to another robust year-over-year first-quarter yield improvement. These products are building our brand awareness and preference in faster-growing emerging cruise markets, while lessening our dependence on winter Caribbean market conditions. It is easy to speak about new ship features and itineraries because there are so tangible. Less obvious, but not necessarily less important are the enhancements we’re adding to our customer database, website, and Crown & Anchor Society Loyalty Program. All of these capabilities benefit from the incorporation of the latest marketing technology, and all of them are facilitating our global expansion. As Richard and Brian have noted the WAVE period is off to a promising start. We still have a lot of cruises to sell for 2011, particularly in Europe, where we’re adding three ships this summer, and therefore we have some unlimited visibility as to how the different market sectors will perform. We continue to benefit from close-in bookings where late volume is needed, and our newer products continue to sell at premium pricing to the relevant cruise competition. In closing, I would like to once again thank the men and women, who serve on our ships, for another year of delivering the wow [ph] to over 3 million Royal Caribbean guests from all over the world. Dan.
Daniel Hanrahan: Thanks Adam. Good morning everybody. We are very excited about the upcoming year for Celebrity. As you have heard everybody before me mention, we have been pleased with the first couple of weeks of WAVE, and as always have a lot of good things happening. As you may know, we launched a series of new ads in December designed to highlight Rx [ph] and make it synonymous with the best in vacation. In fact, we have recently been recognized as one of the top cruise lines in the world in coveted annual reader’s surveys in several upscale publications such as Conde Nast Traveler, Travel + Leisure, Celebrated Living, Travel Weekly "Globe Awards” in the UK, which just last week honored Celebrity as the Best Premium Cruise Line in the United Kingdom. This is a particularly satisfying recognition as we have had only one season where we focused the ship on the UK market. I believe it speaks volume about the impact the Solstice Class ships are having on the consumer in the United Kingdom. At the recent Travel Weekly awards here in the States, we won Best Premium Cruise Line; Best Premium Cruise Ship, Best European Cruise Line. These awards are also very gratifying as they are voted on by the travel industry, including the travel agency community. The ongoing awards and press reviews continuously recognize Celebrity for beautiful ships, widely varied high-quality culinary experiences, and the amazing personalized service our crew delivers every day. Since our last call, we announced our plans to further elevate our onboard offerings on our two newest Solstice Class ships, Celebrity Silhouette and Celebrity Reflection by offering several new dining venues in and around our iconic Lawn Club, which are a continuation of our strategy to offer the best dining in the premium category. We also added 17 additional staterooms to Silhouette and 89 to Reflection. 34 of the Reflection staterooms will be AquaClass Suites building on the very successful AquaClass Veranda staterooms we have on Solstice, Equinox and Eclipse. The details of Solsticing of Infinity were also announced, and while we’re adding all the exciting solstice venues, we added a constellation, we are also adding 60 additional staterooms and a 107 staterooms on Infinity will be AquaClass staterooms. The addition of the staterooms as well as the Solsticing will have a very positive impact on the revenue for Infinity. As we had previously mentioned, Mercury will transfer to TUI Cruises, our joint-venture partner next month. With the exit of this ship and the addition of Silhouette, as you heard Richard mention, 55% of our fleet will be Solstice Class in 2012. This along with the increasing recognition of Celebrity as the top premium cruise line positions us well for the future. I can’t help but close with one last award we own from Frommer's Cruise Guide, all of our Solstice and Millennium class ships are in their top cruise ship rankings. I was particularly pleased with the accompanying write-up where he described the Solstice Class as the most flagrantly beautiful mega ships ever built. Brian.
Brian Rice: Thank you Dan. we would now like to open the call for your questions. As a reminder, we ask that you limit your questions to no more than two. If you have more, we would be happy to address them after the call. Beneda.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question is from the line of Steven Wieczynski of Stifel Nicolaus.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning guys. I guess the first question, on your last call you basically indicated the first quarter yield you were expecting 2% to 4% up, and now you have revised that down I guess just the top end by 100 basis points, so what really caused that to come down?
Brian Rice: Steve, the first-quarter ticket revenues are very consistent with our previous guidance. The bookings continued to come in quite strongly as we alluded to. I think the biggest difference and we referenced this in the press release, and I kind of alluded to it in my comments, as we do see a lot of volatility in the tour division. there is no corresponding capacity with that and does seem to be creating a little bit of noise both on the revenue side and the cost side. But I would say that the first quarter is shaping up extremely consistent with where we thought it would be three months ago.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Got you. And since currently I have two questions, I ask one more.
Brian Rice: We appreciate that.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I have a couple, but I will just ask a second one too to Richard, you talked about the new build, how much more color can you give there in terms of will this be a multiple ship order, I assume this is going to be for Royal Caribbean, and just maybe discuss where cost per berth is kind of coming in right now?
Richard Fain: Well, thanks Steve, and good morning. I guess, I’m not surprised. We don’t normally make even as much of a statement as I already made. So I am a little reluctant to get too specific about it because we don’t have a final deal. we are still working on that, and we don’t like to talk too much of it in advance. So for most of the things you have asked I would like to hold off. I think we’re talking about it for Royal Caribbean International. It will confirm that. And our tendency in the past has to build a series of ships, but to start with more or less one option something like that, and while nothing is final that is probably the direction we would go in here.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tim Conder of Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you, and the first question gentlemen would be related to your guidance on net cruise cost, Brian I think you have indicated that it will be up 2%, and in the past you stated that your goal is to be equal or half the rate of inflation. could you just give any additional color there, and are there any costs maybe that have been deferred or projects that have been deferred over the last couple of years that may be are coming in here, and if so how are those more one year costs or one time in nature or just maybe some additional color on that guidance for that line-item, and then I will follow up with the second question.
Brian Rice: Sure Tim. we did comment in the press release that there was a little bit of timing difference in the fourth quarter. Our costs came in much better in Q4 than we had guided. Some of those, particularly on the marketing side spilled over into the first quarter. you know, I would remind you we have had three consecutive years now of very good cost reductions and I think it is important we are still very committed to managing our costs very tightly, as I think both Richard and I both alluded to team has really done a great job of finding the right balance when it comes to delivering the guest experience and managing the cost. Most of what you are seeing in terms of increase in our guidance is really a lot of effort from the marketing and sales side. We have a lot of momentum in some of the international markets, and with our CRM efforts, and our web refreshes and building new websites, we really believe the long term the best way to grow our EPS and improve our credit metrics and ROIC is through revenue growth. And these are just some ways of producing that revenue enhancing activities.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: So, those latter comments there, Brian, relate obviously more to the full-year is what you are saying, and…
Brian Rice: Yes, I think it would be both the full year and also I think we really are pointed towards 2012, 2013, and the last three years have been about all the questions, all the focus has been about managing liquidity, getting credit metrics strong, and really beginning to make the right cost structure in place, which I think we have accomplished. And now a lot of this is really focused on long-term earnings accretion, and driving the revenue line, and we think these marketing investments are very wise choices at this time.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Okay, and then my second question would be I think Richard or Brian made some comments that in 2011 you talked about the efficiencies you have made over the last several years on fuel, but in 2011 you are anticipating an additional 5% fuel efficiency, is that, just to clarify that statement, is that year-over-year and is that per ALBD or APCD basis?
Brian Rice: Yes, Tim, I will confirm both of those. It is year-over-year and it is on an APCD basis, and it is incorporated into our guidance.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. Thank you gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS: Great. Thank you. First, I was wondering Brian if you could quantify, you talked about some of the upside in expense reduction in Q4, maybe some marketing spend and some other things pushed into Q1, can you kind of quantify for us very ballparkish, roughly what amount that was that you thought originally was going to be in Q4 and ended up getting pushed to Q1?
Brian Rice: I’m looking back here Robin, on a net cruise cost basis we had originally said we would be up about 2%, and we ended up being about flat. So it is two percentage points on the net cruise cost per APCD. I don’t have a specific reconciliation for you, but it really was on the marketing and sales side.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. So the 2 percentage points, that is what shifted into Q1.
Brian Rice: It spills over, and then there is you probably have some in Q1 shifting into Q2 and Q3 and Q4. It is a domino effect.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay.
Brian Rice: But I think one way to look about this is if you look at the full year we’re coaching about 2%. Some of that is spilling over from 2010. So we’re probably more in the 1% to 2% range in terms of the absolute increase. And again that is all pretty much emphasized on the marketing and sales side. I would like to point out when it comes to our running expenses the brands are really doing a terrific job. We have had inflationary pressure out there, particularly on the food side, but they have done a great job of really managing that.
Robin Farley - UBS: Great. And then on the net yield side, and your guidance – and this is all kind of same currency, your guidance for Q4 has been up 5%, and then I understand with the weather cancellations sort of adjusted maybe would have been 4.7%, and 4.7 really is rounded to five, but I guess I just want to ask on the margin, your closing bookings, can you give us a sense of the bookings that you are expecting, since you gave the guidance in late October versus where they came in, was that – I guess I’m just trying to get a sense of what happened with that, so this is totally aside from the weather issues.
Brian Rice: Yes, I think you are right Robin, if we were to reconcile to the previous guidance of approximately 5, we did come in at 4.7 after adjusting for weather. When we stay around 5, our range could be 4.8 to 5.2 or something in that range. So we are really talking about splitting here. The bookings were right as we expected, again and I don’t have it in front of me. It just takes a little bit of a hiccup on the tour side or onboard revenue as well. But we have been saying now for about 2.5 years I think that the booking environment has been remarkably consistent with our expectations, and I think we would stand by that over the last three months both for the fourth quarter and as we look into 2011.
Robin Farley - UBS: Maybe giving – I don’t know if it is possible in the future for you to give crews yield guidance without the tour to maybe adjust for some of the volatility with your visibility and things in the tour business.
Brian Rice: Well, we will certainly look at that. It is becoming more relevant for us, it hasn’t been that big of an issue in the past. We will look to see if that is something that would be appropriate.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning guys. I have a question on your full-year guidance, which on a constant currency basis is basically unchanged, but when you had given that guidance before, you guys had talked about half of the increase in your full year outlook was coming from new hardware and then the other half was coming from what you were seeing in the industry, and just a little bit surprised that that number is unchanged on a constant dollar basis just given what you are seeing about the wave about bookings, but what some of your competitors have been saying about the industry, I was wondering if you could address that?
Brian Rice: Felicia, it is the sake of sounding redundant and almost boring at this point. I think we got a very good handle on the demand environment, and it has been remarkably consistent. We expected to have a record working week last week in our forecast, and it turned out to be so. The demand for the new ships, the demand for the developmental products is all very consistent with our expectations. I think there tends to be – we read a lot of the reports, and we read a lot of the business journals out there, and there is a lot of week to week emotion in terms of the consumer starting to spend more, starting to hold back. And we don’t see the sort of big peaks and valleys that I think that a lot of the analyst community expects to be seeing. It has been very predictable, it has been very consistent, and I think as we said during the worst of times people are going to take their vacations, and they never completely went away the way a lot of people thought it would. I think it is very consistent with what we thought.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just moving to the Oasissizing and Solsticing, it is difficult to say, wondering if that endeavor is in your CapEx, current CapEx guidance and also if you could just help us think through as the ships get dry-docked to be Oasissized and Solsticed what that does to your top line and if that is in your estimates. Thank you.
Brian Rice: I can talk on the CapEx side. We have about $250 million a year in our maintenance CapEx, and the vast majority of our current plans will clearly be involved in that. We can’t have final plans on all these, so have to say it could ebb and flow. But we have tried to take that into consideration in the guidance that we provide. Let Dan and Adam add any other comments.
Richard Fain: Just before Dan and Adam comment on the impact on the bottom line, our forecasts CapEx obviously are much more accurate in the short-term. Longer term, they do not include new building projects. We ought to make that clear if we haven’t already, and I think we have. If we expand the program of upgrading all the hardware obviously that could have some impact. But as Brian says it is very much on the margin.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: As you mentioned that if we just think about the – if you order a ship, let us just say, hypothetically you order you announce an order for a new ship tomorrow, you are not going to get that until 2014, right? So your 2013 CapEx guidance of about 350 is probably intact barring any kind of I don’t know unknown dry-docking situations and stuff like that, right?
Richard Fain: Right, except for the sort of progress payments, but yes basically.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay.
Daniel Hanrahan: And Felicia this is Dan. we have factored into our thinking the Solsticing we’re going to do. We did Constellation last year. So that is factored in. Infinity doesn’t come until the end of the year, so it won’t have much of an impact in 2011. We will see the impact in 2012 you know the word is little difficult, so apologies for that, for Solsticing. It is a little hard to say even here.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: So, it is helpful you understand, but my question was just is there any impact on the top line as these ships come out of service?
Daniel Hanrahan: I get that question. We plan for that. And these are dry docks – we’re doing these scheduled dry dock times. So we aren’t creating new dry docks. We are waiting until we are going into a scheduled dry-dock and that is right in our plan.
Brian Rice: And Felicia, I will just add we do try to schedule the dry docks during softer season as well.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you. It is very helpful.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company:
 :
Brian Rice: Sure. In terms of the weather, I think as long as the snowstorms are heading in the middle of the week we’re very happy. It gets to help the closure end bookings. We have anything that has affected us and really haven’t really seen much in terms of cruise disruptions in Q1. It really all hit in Q4.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company: And then on the tour side?
Brian Rice:
 :
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company: Okay, and this is probably a more minor question, but there is some rumors that you might be considering discontinuing or getting rid of the Azamara business. So if you could give us an update on how you feel about that business at this point and the progress the brand is making.
Richard Fain: I want to take that. Hi Sharon. Well, as you know we don’t normally like to comment on rumors, but I guess we have already done that in one of the context. So we will make today the exception rather than the rule. Well the exception approves the rule. I have heard those rumors, but we’re not interested in selling either the brand or the ships. These rumors come up on all of our ships and of course as you know everything is for sale at some price. But Azamara has actually had probably the biggest increase in our fleet in terms of both passenger satisfaction and pricing as we are going forward it has actually got percentage wise. It is very small in the total context, but percentage wise it has probably got one of the highest increases in our fleet. So we’re not in the market to sell either the ships or the brand.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian of Citigroup.
Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup: With WAVE season off to a good start, and I think it was on top of a good start last year as well, just how important is WAVE season? And if bookings are higher than last year this time for the forward year, how is that going to impact close-in bookings and how does that incorporate into your guidance?
Adam Goldstein: Hi, this is Adam. We have commented in past calls usually this quarter I suppose in past years that as a percentage of the total bookings that we take during the course of a whole year the impact of WAVE is somewhat less from what it used to be years back. But it still is it still reflects a disproportionately high percentage of the overall bookings for the year from the period that starts about the second week in January and goes through late February, early March. So it is relatively significant. It obviously is key to the determination of the booking strength for Q2 and Q3. And I commented on that earlier in my prepared remarks. So we are very pleased and have been pleased at the consistently booking strength that we have seen for a number of quarters at this point. To the extent that that is still the case and WAVE remains strong that will obviously allow our revenue management team to push pricing more as we come to the sailing date. But we’re very early in the WAVE, and notwithstanding that last week was the record booking week, and this week is competitive with last week, we still have many weeks of the WAVE to go to see really what the demand generation will allow us to do in the way of pricing.
Greg Badishkanian - Citigroup: Right, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Assia Georgieva of Infiniti Research.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: Good morning. This is Assia. Brian, a question for you again on Q4 yields. If I do the calculation correctly, it seems that on a constant dollar basis, ticket was up about 3.8%. On-board was much higher at 5.2 and helped get you to that 4.2%. I'm ignoring the weather impact of 50 basis points for the moment. Is this ticket increase of 3.8 somewhat disappointing again relative to your prior guidance of 5% and given your comments that on-board is more difficult to call with the tour business et cetera?
Brian Rice: Assia, I think just to cut to the chase, ticket revenue was exactly where we expected it to be for the quarter with the exception of weather-related incidents, which was about 50 basis points and currency fluctuation. It was remarkably consistent with our expectation, with the exception of those two items.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: Okay, thank you. And my second question – I will jump forward to Q2 – we're obviously in a very active booking season for both Q2 and Q3, but still early maybe a little bit for Q3. Could you comment what Q2 trends are given that we expect a much higher seasonality and greater profitability burden on both Q2 and Q3?
Brian Rice: I think as we alluded to on our last call, we clearly look at the summer months as being the opportunity for the greatest yield improvements. I think that would probably fall more on Q3 in terms of where I would expect at this point in time our pick to be. I think we feel Q2 should show some healthy yield improvements. We are not prepared to give guidance for Q2 today, but I think clearly the summer will be above the average with probably Q3 being better – the best of the three. I’m sorry, the best of the two quarters during the summer. I think the numbers are shaping up as we expected in all four quarters at this point.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: And given Q1 core yield guidance of 1% to 2% on a constant dollar, I call that core, so do you think that in Q2 that number would be able to accelerate to something closer to 4 to 5%? And again, I know that you…
Brian Rice: Again, I’m not going to give you any specific guidance for Q2 at this point. One thing I will say about Q1 is we don’t have the Alaska season, some of the seasons that when we look when we go back into the recession, it really was Q3 and Q3 that were penalized the most, and I think that is part of why we see a continuing opportunity there. But again I would say at this point in time we are looking at Q3 being probably the most upside.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: In terms of percentage yield change?
Brian Rice: Correct.
Assia Georgieva - Infiniti Research: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Harry Curtis of Nomura Securities.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities: Good morning, couple of quick questions. First of all, based on our estimates, you guys should be generating free cash of $2.5 billion to $3 billion between 2011 and 2013. And given your discussion about incremental ship orders, what impact do you think that's going to have on your ability to reduce debt over the next three years?
Brian Rice: Thank you Harry. We are actually very bullish on our ability to delever our balance sheet. We do generate a tremendous amount of cash. Last year, while it was clearly improvement over ’09, I think by all standards for us was not a very good year, and we still generated 1.7 billion in cash. So I think we are quite optimistic about our ability to delever. We have much slower CapEx in 2011 and 2012. As was mentioned, it was most likely that we would not have an ability to take a new ship in 2013, so it is our intent to use that to delever, and we have gone on public record to say our objective is to become investment-grade by doing that.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities: That's great. And then the second question is, with the stock down 5% or more today, kind of following up on the last question, can you give us a sense of how well booked the second and third quarters are relative to this time last year?
Brian Rice: Well, we have said that for the year both APDs and load factors were ahead of where they were a year ago. That tends to run fairly consistent throughout the year. I think we feel very good about where we are. The booking window clearly contracted substantially after the recession. It has worked its way back up on a like for like basis. it is much better, but one of the things that we have done is we have talked a little bit on this call about our global expansion, and for example in Europe a lot of our ships will do much more local sourcing then they might otherwise have done a few years ago. So that moves the booking curve out a little bit as people are booking cruises closer to home. But it is clearly right where we would expect it to be at this time.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities: Is there any way that you can quantify – are they 5% ahead of last year, 10%, 15%?
Brian Rice: I don’t have the numbers and we would rather not get too specific here because frankly the more granular we get the more people read into that, and I think let us see the bigger picture of the guidance that we have provided. I would say that for the year we are well over 50% booked of our revenue that we would expect to have, and it would probably follow a linear curve as you look out into the individual quarters.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities: Okay, that's a help, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Janet Brashear of Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein: Hi, thank you. I wanted my first question to be a follow-up on the talk about the enhancements to your core fleet. The improvements that you're doing this year, could you maybe tell us how many total ships are being done in 2011 and what sorts of improvements will they drive? For example, will it be a 20% increase in the revenue potential, a 20% decrease in the cost, for example?
Daniel Hanrahan: Janet, this is Dan. We’re doing one ship this year, and it will be at the end of the year, and not until December. So it is going to have a minimal impact on the current year. It will have a bigger impact on next year, and we don’t get into specific shifts in terms of the impact that – what the specific results of a specific ship are, but I can tell you that when we did Constellation this past year we were very happy with increased revenue that we got. The increase in cost on that are very, very minor. We have really focused on anything we do to do it within the current power level that we have on the ships with our crew. So we haven’t taken additional crew to do the things that we have to do, except for maybe a couple of waiters for new restaurants. So the cost changes have been very, very minor and it has really been all good for us, not an increase in our cost, but an increase in our revenue. And I will let Adam comment on Royal.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein: Great.
Adam Goldstein: Hi Janet. As I mentioned there are four ships that we are doing notable work on. Two of them are the relatively new ships of Liberty of the Seas, and Freedom of the Seas, where we are distinctly Oasissizing them with a number of different features, and I mentioned some of those. And then as a part of our long-term approach to revitalization of older classes of ship, we’re going to be doing substantial work to the Radiance of the Seas, and to Splendour of the Seas this year. And I will echo Dan’s comment in terms of the amount of focus that there is on finding ways to keep within the prevailing cost structure, while also looking for onboard revenue generation opportunities through adding features. And then the older ships occasionally present opportunities for either adding a small number of staterooms, because we have just figured out that there are spaces on board where we can do that over the course of time, and sometimes we are able to add balconies where they weren’t previously balconies. And when we are able to do that that obviously has a positive effect on revenue. But in the great scheme of the fleet and the overall operation of the brands those are fairly minor factors.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein: That's helpful, thank you. Second question and final one, in terms of Mexico, what percent of itineraries in 2011 will be there? And are you seeing pushback on those itineraries given the incidents that have occurred and whether or not you are seeing that pushback? If it does become a greater issue, what would the contingency plan be for those itineraries?
Adam Goldstein: Hi, it is Adam again. There should be a distinction here between the West Coast and the East Coast of Mexico. On the West Coast, we made a fairly significant decision about a year ago that we would move Mariner of the Seas out of Los Angeles, and as it happened she is on her way around South America right now for a short program in Brazil, and then eventually onto Europe for this coming summer, and then shall be in Galveston for next winter. After that we won’t have any regular capacity on the West Coast of Mexico for the foreseeable future. We love to be back there on the longer term future, but we feel like we have better opportunities for where to place our 22 ships in the near term. On the other hand in the Caribbean Gulf of Mexico area, where we’re frequently going to Cozumel, and Costa Maya and other ports, we are seeing the demand as we have been talking about throughout this call. Our biggest and newest ships and other ships are going to those ports on a regular basis, and we don’t feel that there are any obstacles with regard to demand for cruises that go to those ports.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you.
Brian Rice: Beneda, I think we have time for one more question please.
Operator: This question is from the line of David Leibowitz of Horizon Asset Management.
David Leibowitz - Horizon Asset Management: Good morning, a few questions – well, I'm allowed two. First question, you note on the balance sheet that your customer deposits are up roughly 20%. How much of that is price increases and how much of that is incremental cabins?
Brian Rice: Well, capacity would be a portion of it David. Our capacity next year is up about 7.5% I believe. We are a little bit more booked, but I would say the majority about that would be pricing at this point in time.
David Leibowitz - Horizon Asset Management: And for Adam, what is the price premium that you believe your fleet can get versus the competition especially in the Caribbean?
Adam Goldstein: I thought you would have saved that question for Dan, but since you asked it of me.
David Leibowitz - Horizon Asset Management: Well, I'll let Dan hop in also. If he gets a bigger premium, I'll be happy to hear that as well, obviously.
Adam Goldstein: After all…
David Leibowitz - Horizon Asset Management: It's just that you have more throw power at the moment.
Adam Goldstein: Yes. But he is overseeing the leading premium line. Anyway, I think you can tell just from the pricing that is in the market, and I know you and many of your colleagues actively track the pricing that is in the market, whether it is in the Caribbean or elsewhere. So you can see as well as we can see that Oasis Class in particular, and to a lesser extent freedom class continue to command already substantial premiums to the capacity of those out there. And while there are some more ships that will be entered into service in the industry in the next few years, they are I believe in every case now the second, or third, or fourth in an existing series of ships. So I have said on previous calls and I will say it again, we don’t see any potential new entrants into the category in the near future that would rival the types of features and communities, choices and variety that Oasis Class ships offer to our guests, and frankly other ships in our fleet offer to our guests speaking about the Royal Caribbean International brand. So we would expect to continue to command premiums roughly like the ones that you see in the market today.
David Leibowitz - Horizon Asset Management: Could you quantify that? My question was what percentage price premium do you believe your fleet can continue to generate vis-a-vis the competition. And I'll let Dan answer the same question.
Adam Goldstein: We obviously do a lot of internal analysis to understand where we stack up against our competition, but those aren’t quantitative metrics that we would declare to the marketplace, particularly since you have about an equal capability to calculate them as we do. So we will continue to challenge you and your analysts to compete against us and our analysts.
David Leibowitz - Horizon Asset Management: As long as we don't have to compete against you on the ping-pong table.
Brian Rice: Okay. I think that is an appropriate finish there. We just like to thank everybody for joining us today. As always, Ian will be available throughout the day to take any follow-up questions you might have. And again thank you for joining us and have a terrific day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Adam Goldstein - Chief Executive of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International Richard Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian Rice - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Daniel Hanrahan - Chief Executive of Celebrity Cruises and President of Celebrity Cruises
Analysts: Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ginger, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Brian Rice, Chief Financial Officer, you may begin your conference.
Brian Rice: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning. I'd like to thank each of you for joining us this morning for our third quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which we have posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward-looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin with his comments. I will follow with a brief recap of our third quarter, comment on the demand environment and update our forward guidance. Adam and Dan will then talk more about our brands, and then we will open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As always, it's a pleasure to have an opportunity to provide an update on what's happening in our business. And you'll all be happy to know that one of the advantages of having good news is that it's easier and quicker to report on the converse. Today, obviously, we are reporting more good news. As Brian will go into further in a few moments, both revenues and expenses continue to improve. Profits for the third quarter were better than expected, and the fourth quarter is better than expected and 2011 is better than expected. I'm told that some would call that a trifecta. I wish that I could say that this was evidence that the economic troubles are behind us. Unfortunately, we are producing these results despite rather than because of the economy. The bulk of our improvement comes from the benefits of our new ships and better management of our existing ships. Our brands are gaining traction, and our global strategy is working. So while I wish the economy were more of a driver, the fact that we're doing this well against such headwinds augurs particularly well for the future. Speaking of the future, we've also started providing insight into 2011. We have not completed our budgetary process for next year, so we're not providing details about specific areas yet. Furthermore, I'll remind you that the booking period is still early, and we get constantly more understanding of patterns as we approach year-end and as we entered the WAVE Period. Nevertheless, our revenue management systems are quite sophisticated, and we get a lot of insight from early patterns. Those patterns are very encouraging so far, and historically, they've been quite accurate. Based on them, we believe that the yield improvements, similar to the 4% to 5% we're getting in 2010, are likely for 2011, even without a strong boost from the economy. And we expect that this will drive our profitability above the previous best year in our history. It will also drive meaningfully positive free cash flow, again, even during year with the new ship delivering for Celebrity. Obviously, this is all very preliminary. But equally obviously, we don't make such projections lightly, and we continue to gain confidence in them. While Europe as a whole has proven very strong, that, unfortunately, doesn't hold true for our Spanish operations. Pullmantur has been buffeted by the worst recession of any of the countries in which we operate. And unfortunately, the recession in Spain shows no signs of abating anytime soon. In looking forward, we have assumed that the Spanish economy continues to act like a sea anchor. However, the management in Spain has been very proactive in finding ways to minimize the impact. That includes shifting itineraries and redeploying assets. Those actions have improved the situation in 2010 and are expected to do more in 2011. But the real upside will have to wait some economic support. As we look forward, we're also looking to a rapidly improving balance sheet, supporting our target of returning to investment-grade status soon. Who would have imagined that so soon after the economic collapse, we would already be talking about record profits, positive free cash flow and investment-grade rating. Again, this year has required an amazing focus throughout the organization on improving our returns and disciplining our processes. I'd like to thank all of our people at sea and on land for making such progress and for giving us such further process to look forward to. With that, I'll turn the microphone back over to Brian to go over the financials.
Brian Rice: Thank you, Richard. I'd like to start by going through the third quarter results, which we've summarized on the second slide. In the third quarter, we had a 55% increase in net profit to $357 million or $1.64 per share versus $1.07 per share in 2009. Net yields improved 5.2% as compared to last year, which was better than our guidance of up around 4%. The improvement was driven by net ticket revenue, which increased 7.4% in the quarter. Virtually, all of our products showed solid improvement, especially Alaska and the Caribbean. Yields for European itineraries also improved despite significant increases in capacity and currency pressures. On a Constant Currency basis, our net yields performed even better, improving 7.2%. While we were quite pleased with this performance given the economy, it is important to note that our yields in the quarter were still 12% below the peak levels we experienced in 2008. Clearly, there's still quite a bit of opportunity for further recovery, especially in the summer months. Excluding fuel, net cruise cost per APC day were 2.8% lower than the same time last year and better than our guidance of down approximately 2%, mostly due to timing. On a Constant Currency basis, these costs were 1.2% lower. Fuel costs came in about $5 million better than expected, driven by a 2.2% improvement in consumption. There continues to be a fleet-wide effort to improve consumption, and our newest vessels continue to perform even better than our expectations. All in, net cruise cost per APC day were 2.3% lower than the same time last year, which was better than our guidance of down approximately 1%. On a Constant Currency basis, net cruise costs were down 1.1% as compared to guidance of flat to down slightly. So in summary, on both an as-reported and Constant Currency basis, revenues came in better than forecast, and costs were lower than our previous guidance. Moving on to the booking environment, demand for our brands continues to be stable and remarkably consistent while showing a trend of gradual improvement. Booked load factors are higher than same time last year for the fourth quarter and for all four quarters of 2011. As you can see from the balance sheet, customer deposits are running about 26% higher than the same time last year. For the fourth quarter, virtually all itineraries are booked at higher load factors with better APDs than a year ago. Our developmental itineraries continued to show the most improvement with Europe and the Caribbean both demonstrating improving trends. 2011 is also up to an encouraging start. We're still very early in the selling cycle and still a couple of months away from the WAVE Period. But based on early booking activity, we are feeling good that the recovery continues to follow a consistent and gradually improving trend, quite different from the trend we saw after 9/11. As you may recall, the shape of the post-9/11 recovery could best be described as a hockey stick, with two years of flat yield followed by several years of rapid yield improvement. In 2004, for example, our yields improved by more than 9%. And over the four-year period from 2004 through 2007, yields improved 24% cumulatively. The recovery from the great recession appears to be taking a much different path. Following last year's significant drop-off in yields, we quickly began regaining some pricing leverage this year, not as dramatic as the gains in 2004, but much earlier in the cycle. Based on the early signs for 2011, we expect our yields to continue to improve at a pace similar to 2010. And although I would caution it is still very early, current trends point to yield improvement in all four quarters with the greatest upside opportunity during the summer months. Now I'd like to provide you with our updated forward guidance. On Slide 3, you will see our guidance for the fourth quarter. Based on current exchange rates, we expect yields to be up between 4% and 5% on an as-reported basis and up approximately 5% on a Constant Currency basis. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are forecasted to increase approximately 4% on an as-reported basis and between 4% and 5% on a Constant Currency basis. These increases are mainly due to timing. And as you will see in a minute, our cost guidance for the full year is unchanged on a Constant Currency basis. At today's prices and recognizing we are 50% hedged, fuel is expected to be approximately $167 million in the fourth quarter. Including fuel, net cruise costs are forecasted to be up approximately 2% on an as-reported basis and up approximately 3% on a Constant Currency basis. Unfortunately, during the fourth quarter, we experienced two separate mechanical incidents that will cost us approximately $0.05 per share. Nonetheless, we have been able to increase our fourth quarter EPS guidance from our previously implied guidance to between $0.08 and $0.12 per share. Turning to Slide 4, for the full year, we currently expect yields to be up between 4% and 5% on both in as-reported and Constant Currency basis. Excluding fuel, net cruise costs should be down approximately 1% or flat to down 1% on a Constant Currency basis. At today's prices, fuel is expected to be approximately $651 million. Accordingly, net cruise costs are expected to decline approximately 1% on both an as-reported and Constant Currency basis. Our guidance for earnings per share is an increase to between $2.43 and $2.47 per share. You are most likely interested in guidance for 2011. I need to again caution that it is still very early, but we did want to provide you with some color. First quarter bookings are off to a solid start. And at today's exchange rates, we are estimating yield improvement of between 2% and 4%. Our current thinking is that the second and third quarters should provide the greatest opportunity for yield improvement in 2011. Our early projections are the yields will continue to improve in 2011 at a rate fairly similar to 2010. We are still in the process of developing our 2011 operating plans. And while we are beginning to see some cost pressures, especially with food prices, our brands and department heads continue to relentlessly focus on costs. Accordingly, based on current fuel prices and currency exchange rates, we are encouraged that 2011 could be a year of record profits for our company. As of September 30, we had liquidity of $1.3 billion along with committed financing for all of our newbuilds. Our projections show rapidly improving credit metrics as a result of increasing operating cash flows and slowing capital expenditures. At this time, we expect to be able to meet our 2011 maturities with operating cash flows and do not see a need to access the capital market, although we would always consider being opportunistic. Finally, I would like to point out that we currently have fuel hedges covering 58% of our forecasted consumption in 2011, as well as 55% and 22% for 2012 and 2013, respectively. I would like to now turn the call over to Adam for his comments about the Royal Caribbean International brand. Adam?
Adam Goldstein: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Royal Caribbean International continues its steady recovery from the challenges of 2009. In the third quarter, all of our summer product groupings enjoyed positive year-over-year yield performance. At the same time, the fleet continued to deliver strong guest satisfaction to our diverse level mix of guests. Today is an exciting day for more reasons than this earnings call. This evening, we depart for Turku, Finland to take delivery of Allure of the Seas, sister ship to Oasis of the Seas from the STX Shipyard on Thursday. Following the delivery, Allure will depart from Turkey on Friday morning and will arrive in Port Everglade, Fort Lauderdale, Florida on November 11. By all accounts, the construction process has been remarkably smooth, and we expect our 22nd ship will be completely ready to join the fleet this week. We will introduce her to travel agents and media next month, and her initial revenue cruise will be December 1. As we have already experienced for Oasis, Allure will provide a boost to our revenue yield. With her arrival, the percentage of our brand capacity, that is either Oasis or Freedom class, will be over 33%. As you all remember from a year ago, Oasis of the Seas received enormous worldwide publicity before, during and after her arrival. We have been undertaking the daunting task of replicating that success, at the least to the degree possible, in order to cement the public's understanding that there are now two ships in the unique and revolutionary Oasis class. So far, we are very pleased with the performance of Allure both in terms of bookings and publicity. Just in the last week, we announced that Adam Sandler will be filming his next feature movie on Allure during November and that Taylor Swift will be playing a live concert on Allure on January. The fact that stars of this magnitude have gravitated to an Oasis-class ship reinforces the degree to which these two ships have moved the cruise industry to a new level. We look forward to executing the full array of media opportunities that we have lined up in connection with Allure's arrival. As we have previously mentioned, our relationship with DreamWorks Animation and their roster of memorable characters, such as Shrek and Donkey, will debut on Allure when she arrives in Florida. We will also feature Chicago The Musical, several spectacular in-house productions and enough other attractions so that in totality, we have taken to referring to Allure as the ship of entertainment. We are looking forward to an exciting month ahead. I'm going to pass the microphone to Dan. It might not sound like Dan, but it really is him. Management believes that he sounds sexier, but you can be the judge of that. Dan?
Daniel Hanrahan: Thank you, Adam. Good morning, everyone. There continues to be an exciting time for Celebrity. We announced the name of our fifth and final Solstice-class ship, Celebrity Reflection, slated to launch in fall of 2012. In addition, we will be Solsticizing both Infinity in fall of 2011 and Summit in Q1 of 2012. Solsticizing, if you'll recall, is putting many of the features that have been extremely popular on the Solstice-class ships on our Millennium-class vessels. Our latest newbuilds, Celebrity Silhouette and Celebrity Reflection in the upcoming revitalizations, will have some interesting new features that are slightly different from their sister ships. We will be announcing these changes in the upcoming months. These new features have been designed to further enhance the profitability of these ships. We continue to be happy with the reaction and results these new and updated ships are producing. During the third quarter we had healthy demand for all of our products, with both Europe and Alaska performing particularly well. Both products experienced healthy close-in demands and will finish up the quarter better than what we thought on our previous call. Bookings for Europe held up well in both our Solstice- and non-Solstice-class ships, and for the first time in the brand history, we will sail with a higher percentage of guests coming from outside the U.S. on our European products. We continue to see the results of our efforts to build our brand beyond the U.S. market. Our long Caribbean itineraries from South Florida are benefiting from the increased international sourcing as well. As 2010 comes to a close, we are pleased with the progress we have made regarding our financial performance. While it's still early to discuss next year, indications for our 2011 Europe and Alaska season are encouraging and contributing to the yield improvement Brian mentioned. During our second and third quarters combined, we'll have over 60% of our capacity sailing across these two products. We'll have all four Solstice-class ships in Europe after Silhouette debuts in July as well as our Solsticized Constellation. Brian?
Brian Rice: Thank you, Dan. We'd now like to open the call for your questions. As a reminder, we ask you that you limit your questions to no more than two. If you have more, we'd be happy to address them after the call. Ginger?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Tim Conder from Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Richard or Brian or whoever wants to take this, I know you talked a little bit, Adam and Dan, about your deployment changes in your capacity. But can you give us some color for the company as a whole where the customer, how the customer sourcing mix is changing, where you're sourcing the customers from? I guess maybe put it neither the bucket of North America versus Europe and U.K. combined and the rest of the world, how that's changed maybe from '09 to what you're looking for in 2011? That would be question number one. And number two would be your onboard spend down a little bit here. I guess there are a very few little minor negative here in the whole quarter, but down just a little bit. Can you give us some more color? Was there anything special impacting onboard spend during the quarter?
Adam Goldstein: Tim, it's Adam. First, I think about the guest mix development over time. And we've said on a number of the recent calls that the overall mix of our company is trending more on the direction of guests coming from outside of the United States. And for example, with Royal Caribbean International moving from eight ships in Europe next summer to 11 that will propel that trend forward. So while our guests still come more than 50% from the United States, we're getting closer and closer and actually quite close to our business mix overall, being half of our customers coming from inside the United States and have coming from outside, that's across all the brands of the company.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: In particular, Adam, how would that look if you just sort of put the Continental Europe and the U.K. in a bucket, I mean versus the rest of the world on the international part?
Adam Goldstein: Europe is certainly the clear majority of our non-U.S. guest mix. But we are pulling healthy numbers of guests from across Latin America, including some products that are geared towards them, and to a lesser degree, from Asia and Australia, including some products that are geared towards them.
Brian Rice: Tim, as it relates to the onboard revenue, onboard by itself was relatively flat year-over-year. The slight decline that you're seeing is really driven more by the tour company. Pullmantur, in particular, has been very focused on margin improvement within their tour division. So we saw a slight decline in some of their tour operations. Onboard revenue, as we've said in the past, tends to move directionally the same as ticket revenue but is less volatile. I think it's fair to say that we're also learning a lot more about our customers on some of our developmental itineraries. And they tended to be lower in terms of their onboard spend, but we think we have some good momentum there as we've learned more about the customer base.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And on the onboard, given Pullmantur's two-month lag, do you anticipate that, Brian, continuing into the fourth quarter reporting? Should that be a factor also in the fourth quarter?
Brian Rice: Well, the two-month lag will continue for the foreseeable future. I don't think that that would have a material impact on the onboard performance. I think included in our guidance is not a huge uptick in onboard spending. We're seeing most of the accretion that we're forecasting and we've experienced more recently is really being driven by the ticket revenue.
Richard Fain: I think with respect to the tour operation team, I think you're right. As Pullmantur is relating or reacting to the bad Spanish economy, we are going more for profit rather than volume. And so, there'll be lower volume in the tour operation. And so that will affect that line a little bit.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Just in terms of, Brian, the cost increasing in the fourth quarter, is that all coming from the Pullmantur issue?
Brian Rice: Felicia, the fourth quarter really is -- the cost increase is really driven by timing, mainly of things like marketing and some maintenance and repair expense that had originally been forecasted in the third quarter that shifted to the fourth. I'd also mentioned that in the fourth quarter, and we haven't talked too much about it and don't really need to, we did have two incidents that were mechanical problems, one on Celebrity and one on Pullmantur, that we incurred some costs associated with it and actually had to take the capacity out. So that has a little bit of a blip. I think the important number to focus on, really, is the full year constant currency, where we've effectively held our guidance constant despite absorbing those additional costs in the fourth quarter.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then you touched a little bit on -- that for next year, cost ex-fuel, you're seeing food costs increasing. I'm just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more. I'm wondering if we should just expect increased costs next year or your various programs could mitigate those pressures.
Brian Rice: I think I want to reiterate we're very focused on cost here. We're very committed to keeping costs down. We really are still in the midst of developing our 2011 plans, so we don't want to give real specific guidance yet. We did want to just signal, particularly if you read out there in the marketplace, there are clearly price pressures out there, particularly on things like protein. But our brands are very focused on this. We do intend to mitigate a portion of that until we develop the exact plan, so we don't want to commit to specific guidance other than the fact that I think it's fair to say we will be below the rate of inflation. But again, we want to wait until our next call, after we've really developed our plans, to commit to what the cost guidance would be.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And this is for anybody really, in 2011, industry-wide, there's going to be a large capacity shipped to Europe. And then also, specific to you guys, I'm just wondering if you could discuss the tenure of the Europe-for-Europe customer and the U.S. customer relative to the economy? And if you could just comment whatever increasing airfare to Europe could do to your U.S.-sourced European business?
Adam Goldstein: Felicia, it's Adam. I can comment mostly in respect to what we just experienced this year, which is probably the best data that we have because the visibility for next summer is still very limited. We saw good late demand come in throughout the summer season, both from European market, which we now count on for close to three quarters of our overall mix on the ships that are in Europe, and also from U.S. customers. So even though the dollar was more recently declining in value, Americans were able to find their way on flights over and take our cruises. Actually, it's slightly above our expectations for this season. It doesn't mean that those factors are going to repeat themselves next year, but that is the very recent experience that we just had.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then where on top of that, though, with the industry increasing so much -- I was just wondering, and I know it's early. But if you could comment on your view of what it might look like for both your European source and U.S. source in terms of the additional competition that will be there?
Adam Goldstein: Really, all I can tell you at this point is, of course, we're very aware of the overall competitive environment and our own increasing capacity. We've been successful in growing our volumes of sourcing from the different priority markets that we have in Europe. And we've remained pleased at the interest of Americans who also go on our products over there. So we expect the competitive market environment as it has been, and our intention is to be successful in that environment. But we're not going to be able to say anything more in detail, really, until we get a couple of quarters closer to the action.
Richard Fain: And Felicia, I think although there is a big increase this year, you've all seen that happen in the past, where we've had years where there's been a lot more growth, particularly in the European market, and one of the nice things about cruising is that we have the ability to operate different itineraries, go to new and different places and source people from different markets. And so as we say the forward-looking patterns give us a fairly high degree of confidence that, in fact, Europe will be able to absorb that capacity as it has in the past and with a reasonable response despite the relatively rapid increase in one given year.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Richard, one of your competitors announced a new ship build yesterday. I was wondering if you could just update us on your thoughts there.
Richard Fain: Yes. Obviously, we're aware of that. And I think I can't give much more information that we've given in the past, Felicia, because as you know, we're cautious. We really don't announce new buildings until we have a deal. So it is our intention -- we've said previously that we don't expect to do anymore Oasis-class ships. We've also made it clear that we don't expect to stagnate and not to have future growth. We look at these things opportunistically. We do think that the rate of growth of new capacity has slowed and will be slower than we've seen historically. We don't feel rush to do something. It's nice to be getting -- you can see how sensitive we are, even relatively minor improvements in yields. And we're still not back to where we were before, so we're looking to the foreseeable future that our growth will come from internal capacity growth that we've already got on order and improvements in our margins, and that's where our focus is. And we've also said historically, we don't see a possibility at this point in building a ship anything before something that would deliver at the earliest 2013. But at this point, it's getting more likely that that would be something more like 2014. But we're careful not to make any comments about our plans until we actually have a deal, and I think we'll stick to that.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: As we look forward to 2011, I was wondering if you could talk about, regionally, if you're seeing strength in particular itineraries? And then separately, whether there is a significant shift in your capacity and where it is sailing next year?
Daniel Hanrahan: Sharon, this is Dan. As I commented earlier, we have seen early signs that Europe and Alaska are strong next year. And we're very pleased with that. It is early. Adam commented about the fact that we're growing on our way to 50% of our sourcing coming from international markets. So those are the early trends we see. And it's what prompted us to give the yield guidance that we're projecting for next year at this time.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Is the actual capacity by region fairly similar next year? Or is there a material shift there?
Daniel Hanrahan: No. It's pretty similar to what it is. Both brands are going to be bigger in Europe next year. Adam said that we'll have eight ships in Europe. We'll have five. So both of us are growing when Silhouette comes out next year, which will be our newest Solstice-class ship. It would go right into service in Europe. So we're seeing capacity increase in Europe. But overall, when you look at the entire year, our capacity mix is pretty similar to what it was this year. But we are seeing growth in Europe.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And then I think at this time last year, you were giving us some sort of indications on how Oasis was doing relative to plan, and I guess I'm just curious with Allure coming out, obviously, you have a, I would hope, a pretty good handle on how Allure is doing. So could you give us an update on how Allure is doing versus what your expectations were and how much that -- is it or is it not cannibalizing Oasis versus your expectations?
Adam Goldstein: I believe on the last call or maybe even the last two calls, a variant of that question was asked. We never expected the two ships together to do as high of a yield as Oasis did by herself last year. It's the first of her kind. But the two ships are doing about equally well, which we're very pleased with because we have, sometimes in the past, experienced that the second ship of a class didn't do quite as well as the first ship in the class. Our experience this time is much more equal. And the two of them together are clearly the foremost competitive cruise ship in the Caribbean sector. And given that there are no cruise ships either existing or under construction that can rival their features, we expect that they'll be permutable for the foreseeable future.
Operator: And your next question is from Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: First question is I'm just trying to get more insight into your yield guidance for next year because I don't recall you ever giving full year yield guidance this early in previous years and not even just the last, even going back and beyond the period of -- we know you say visibility wasn't that great the last year's. You don't normally quantify this early, but I wanted to see if we can get a little more color on -- of that sort of four to five points you're looking for next year, maybe one, one and a half points of that is from mix impact from new ships and maybe how much? It sounded like you're saying not mix impact from itinerary changes. I'm just trying to get a sense of how much this kind of same-ship pricing sort of speak versus mix factors and just why you say your visibility is so much better this year than even sort of more typical historically than the last year's?
Brian Rice: Robin, believe it or not, we actually talked a lot to Ian before we prepared for this call to try to find out exactly what most of the interest is. And clearly, over the last six months or so, there's been a lot more focus on the strategic direction of our company and of the industry. And there seem to be -- most of the questions really surrounded around the 2011 guidance and what people are looking at. I think it is, say, for two years now, we've been referring to the booking environment as stable and more consistent. And we felt that we had some insight. Now we have a little over a third of our business on the books for 2011. It is early. It's not necessarily something we want to get in the habit of providing specific guidance. We tried to use wording that talked about similar to this year. We didn't necessarily say a one-point range of 4% to 5%. But from what we're seeing, the pattern seems to be continuing going forward. Clearly, we continue to benefit from the new vessels. I would venture to say probably about half of the increase that we're looking at for next year is being driven by the benefit of the newer capacity, and the other half is coming from just core strength within our brands. I think, as Richard alluded to, we've got only minimal help from the economy, and I think this continues to be a testimony to the resilience of our industry, the value of cruising that is out there and the fact that people are going on vacations, and we seem to be a beneficiary of that.
Richard Fain: Robin, I might just add, this is a bit of an unusual situation. We have, in the past, talked a little bit about what we were expecting this early. We haven't put numbers on it like this. But I think as Brian said, we were influenced by the fact there's so much desire to understand this. And we really have now come through a very unusual period. And the fact that we're looking at a more stable pattern, we feel much better able to convey that. And so I think it's really a testament to the strength of the industry and to the fact so many of the people who are following us and so many people who are investing us are now looking past this couple of years of weirdness, if I may use that term. And we really have seen that the industry has begun to stabilize, and we felt, as I say, we don't do this. We wouldn't give out these kinds of projections lightly. And we've now had a demonstrated period where things are stable enough, so we really felt quite good about making these kinds of forward-looking statements.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: And was there any comment that you guys have said particularly kind of on a winter Caribbean? I know you talked about Europe and Alaska being particularly strong. Is there anything you can say about the Caribbean?
Adam Goldstein: It's Adam. The Caribbean has been in a state of, let's say, high competitiveness for a while now. Over these last few years, we expect the competitive marketplace over the next couple of quarters. The guidance we've provided for the short term reflects our assumptions about how that will turn out. A very high percentage of our capacity for the fourth quarter is already on the books. So of course, we have a high degree of confidence in our guidance for the fourth quarter, and that includes the Caribbean. And even looking to the first quarter, we have a fairly good grip on the situation. So while it is a competitive marketplace this winter in the Caribbean, we believe our range of products and services stands us in very good stead to pursue that competition.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: In the guidance that you're giving for Q4 in both cruise costs and yields, I assume that's got baked into it that $0.05 impact from the two ships, from the Dream and the Century. Is that $0.05 mostly a yield when we think about Q4 next year being -- not having the ship incident in there, is all that $0.05 really going to be on the yield side or some of that is going to be on the expense side, the lack of expense from disruptions this quarter?
Brian Rice: Actually, Robin, the yield numbers really won't be affected because the capacity came out along with the revenue. So it would be very minor, but it would be more along the cost side because the costs are actually absorbed, but the capacity goes away as well. So you have to amortize those costs over last capacity, whereas when the revenue comes out, it comes out with the capacity.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: So I think what I'm asking is in theory, that $0.05 will get added back to the revenue, just by putting your...
Brian Rice: That's right.
Operator: And your next question is from Assia Georgieva from Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Couple of questions basically following up on Robin's questions. Brian, you mentioned that you're about a third booked for fiscal 2011 right now. How does that compare versus a more normal year?
Brian Rice: It actually is a little better than what we would've been for '09 and for 2010, just given the great recession as its been called. It's probably slightly below where we would be in prerecession periods. Generally speaking, we say we tended in the year around 50%, and clearly, we're getting a lot more of our business right now towards 2011 and 2010. 2010 is really on the back end of the booking curve. So what we are seeing, we're going to show the booking curves and how they compare to prior years, but it was at this time two years ago that we hit the recession, so we're now running above the 2010, the '09 levels and even the fall of '08, but we're not quite back to where we were prerecession level.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: So the length of the booking curve is something like four and a half months at this point?
Brian Rice: Correct.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: And again, focusing a little bit more on the Caribbean, given that it's such a large percentage of capacity in the coming two quarters. Do you believe that it's the product that sets you apart or you've just factored in some weakness? I think the Norwegian Epic is probably a key consideration in terms of the increasing capacity there.
Daniel Hanrahan: I feel there's a lot of ships in the Caribbean besides that one. We're competing against all of them. We do feel very confident about what our brands represent in the market and the capacity that we have there. The newer ships are very powerful competitors in the Caribbean, even on a very competitive winter environment. So as I said before, the guidance that Brian gave includes our assumptions about how we will compete in the Caribbean. And yes, we feel that there's value associated with each of our brands that is unique and distinctive in the market, and that serves us well in challenging competitive conditions.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: But it seems that as we're getting into Q4 and getting closer to Q1, there is continued pricing pressure, especially on the short Caribbean-Bahamas and the seven-night Caribbean. Any concerns that this could continue and maybe even strengthen as we get closer to the sailing date?
Daniel Hanrahan: There always will be a level of discounting of price probably in every season and every sector. Our view is that the steady overall increase in business conditions that we've been experiencing in the last year or two, will continue to be the case, including in the Caribbean this winter. If you look at the types of Solstice-class ships that Celebrity's bringing in the market, Oasis and Allure are now competing for us in this market, we are in good stead. Now there's a wide range of products from three nights to 11 or more in cruise length and a lot of different home ports around the Caribbean region. So the performance by ship and by cruise line varies, of course. But overall, we are looking at the Caribbean sector, where, as I mentioned, most of the business for the fourth quarter is already on the book, and even most of the business for the first quarter is already on the book. so we're pretty confident in giving the guidance that we're giving.
Operator: And your next question is from Janet Brashear from Sanford Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research: I was wondering in 2010, you were able to decrease your fuel consumption considerably, around 6% on a capacity-adjusted basis. Going forward, what do you think is possible based on both your new vessels and your learnings about how to manage cost in general?
Richard Fain: Yes. I think the 6% number seems a little high. I'd have to check that. But the new ships are remarkably efficient. We've worked hard with the existing ships to do better training, better technology. We've adjusted our itineraries, so we continue to do better. And I think we will do better in 2011. I don't think we've put a number on it. And as I mentioned earlier, we are in the process of putting together our operating plan, and that's when a lot of that kind of dialogue takes place. We've been trying for improvements in low single digits, and we expect to have some further improvements in 2011. But it is tough, and I think the team has done an outstanding job. But I will be a little reluctant this early, and frankly, a little reluctant to make a forecast. Obviously, we've used one in our own internal figures, and we've tried to be conservative in these kinds of figures. But in terms of quantifying individual items on the balance sheet or P&L, we're a little reluctant to do that.
Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research: Could you talk a little bit about what regulatory changes you're looking at over the next couple of years and what impact you think will have?
Richard Fain: Well, there's quite a few of them. I guess the one good thing is that they tend to issue these regulations with a fair amount of notice. And so some of these regulations, we've been working on for years and some have literally been talked about for decades. But there are new rules coming into effect. They're different by region. So there are so-called eco-zones both in the U.S. and elsewhere. Some are coming in at different rates. These things require either new technology or new fuels, or in some cases, different itineraries. And when we do our projections, it's pretty clear what the implications are, and we bake that into our forecast. There are no new surprises. None of the rules are just being sprung on us, and there aren't any rules that we know of that are being contemplated that we haven't already taken into account.
Operator: And your next question is from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just one question mainly for Brian. As your free cash flow starts to expand over the next couple of years as capacity slows, just kind of update us in terms of where your capital deployment is going to go to. Is bringing back the dividend a possibility?
Brian Rice: Steve, clearly, the dividend is a board-level decision. We know it's important to some of our shareholders. I think as we said in the press release, we are forecasting meaningful cash flow next year. And as we look forward to 2012 and 2013, we view those as clearly de-levering opportunities. It will be up to our board to find out how we balance that continuing de-levering with rewarding our shareholders. I think I would remind you, even if we were at our peak levels for dividends, we were talking at about $125 million, $130 million a year. So I wouldn't view it as meaningful to our de-levering opportunity. And I think clearly, our credit metrics are improving dramatically over the next few years, but that dividend would clearly be a board-level decision.
Operator: And your next question is from Steve Kent from Goldman.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: One, could you just give us maybe some more examples of the cost programs and what specifically you're working on? Second, you mentioned, I think, during the beginning of the call that later bookings have been coming in stronger. Maybe if you could put some color on that. I know in the past, you've talked about that sort of a trend famine [ph]. Finally, I think, Brian, maybe you mentioned that customer deposits are up 20%, so I just want to know what portion of that is same-store or same-ship and how much of that is new capacity?
Brian Rice: Sure, Steve. I believe that the statistic was 26% year-over-year on customer deposits. It really is a combination of additional capacity, pricing, as well as higher load factors. I don't think any of those individually pop on this thing the key driver. But it is, and as Richard said, it's the trifecta. All three are moving in the right direction for us.
Daniel Hanrahan: Steve, it's Dan. Our cost initiatives, I think when you heard Richard and Brian both talked at the beginning, have really been management's focus across the board, and it's not just the four of us that have been focusing on it, but our teams as a whole. But some of the examples, our supply chain has some and we've changed some of that. We've changed management and supply chain about a year ago, and the new head of our supply chain has done an exceptionally terrific job for us, so we've been much more effective with our purchasing. Another example is across our marine departments. We put a virtual inventory program in place, which has allowed us to manage our inventories better than our costs better. We've been working with our suppliers, who are effectively on the marine side. And then across the board, we've just stayed very, very focused on doing things that are going to have a positive impact on the guest experience. And if it's not, we ask why. Why we should be doing it. If it's not improving revenue or if it's not having to cause a very positive impact on the guest experience, we'd ask why. We're doing it. And we've become much more efficient as a result, and it's really shifted the culture in the way we think about cost, and that's really what's driving it. So it's not a big thing beyond what I said was supply chain and some of the things we're doing on the REIT side, it's more across the board.
Adam Goldstein: Steve, on the question about the later bookings and the fact we've reported that they generally come in stronger, I think there's a couple of drivers for that. First of all, I believe in absolute term. We are seeing more demand and healthier demand closer to sailing for any products that need that demand to come in than maybe we were expecting a while back in this environment. And we've seen that across the Caribbean range of products and elsewhere as well. We've seen it, as I mentioned before, throughout the European season up until now. The other factor that I would mention is we've worked hard to build up our occupancy situation so that we're in a more favorable position quarter-by-quarter to drive whatever business remains that we need. And so we haven't found ourselves in a position to need to do any kind of exceptional discounting to fill the ship finally to capacity. And so between the absolute demand close into sailing when needed and our better occupancy position going into the later period, we found ourselves, overall, to be in a more to favorable situation close to sailing.
Operator: And your next question is from Greg Badishkanian from Citi.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: Just wondering maybe kind of walk us through the last few months and any change in terms of characteristics coming from your customers in terms of bookings, do they kind of pick up a little bit here in the last month or two with stock market going up or just any kind of trend that you noticed?
Brian Rice: Greg, we really don't see that sort of volatility that you witnessed in the stock market. I think it's never quite as good as the four periods on Wall Street. It's never nearly as bad as the doom and gloom that we sometimes hear. I think we continue to stay consistent, steady, gradually improving. One of the things I try to do on the strategic discussion about what we're seeing in contrast to 9/11, this seems to be a much more linear sort of recovery than the hockey stick that we saw after 9/11. I think the last couple of months have been fairly consistent with what we've seen throughout the year. You have good days, when we do, for example, Royal Caribbean will have what we call a WOW Sale, where they'll compress bookings and stimulate them tactically towards some of the sailings that we have need. But aside from that, it really is a fairly stable environment. And so, I wouldn't say that we've seen any dramatic changes from where the other in the last couple of months.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: And the 4% to 5% net yield improvement for next year that you'd expect, let's say the economy improves, how much upside do you think you could see there. And also on the other side of the cost side, if we do see a nice recovery, are you going to be able to -- are there still opportunistic cut costs or are you going to see those creep up as well?
Brian Rice: No. I think our commentary on yield performance for next year is really assuming that the economic environment is fairly consistent with what we're seeing right now. If we get some uplift from the economy, that would clearly provide some upside opportunity for us. On the cost side, the cost, it seems to be the most volatile for us is fuel. And as you've seen, we've been fairly conservative and has hedged quite a bit of our fuel out for the next three years. I will mention that our hedges are at pricing that is slightly below the current curve. So as we've said before, our business model works pretty well at these fuel prices, so we've locked those in. We've baked in some assumptions here around the pressures on food costs, but we continue to be relentlessly focused on costs. And I think our brands are doing a great job really trying to figure out how can we squeeze more cost out of our P&L without compromising our guest experience.
Operator: And your next question comes from Kevin Milota from JP Morgan.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On the cost side, you've done a good job with the other operating expense line over the last number of quarters. I'm wondering as we look to '11, can you still post down year-over-year expenses for the other operating expense line? Or is that kind of in the line with the inflationary pressure that you're seeing on the food side?
Daniel Hanrahan: Kevin, this is Dan. As you heard both Richard and Brian saying, I think Adam mentioned it as well, we're deep in the throat of the 2011 plan right now with the focus on two things. One is what can we do to drive revenue and make sure that we continue to improve our revenue performance. And then the other is on the cost side. It's early to start to talk about individual lines in the P&L, but I can tell you that the focus is just across the board from our teams and what we're doing to drive costs out of the business. You heard that Brian say that there's some concern over food inflation, but our teams have marching orders to figure out how to manage through that. So we're very focused on that, and I think as we get to the next quarter, we'll be able to give more specific guidance on that kind of thing.
Brian Rice: Thank you, Kevin, and thanks to each of you for joining us today. And as usual, Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-ups you may have, and we wish everybody a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. At this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Adam Goldstein - Chief Executive of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International Richard Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian Rice - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Daniel Hanrahan - Chief Executive of Celebrity Cruises and President of Celebrity Cruises
Analysts: Mickey Schleien - Ladenburg Thalmann & Company Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co Rachael Rothman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning, my name is Camilla, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Rice, you may begin, sir.
Brian Rice: Good morning. I'd like to thank each of you for joining us this morning for our Second Quarter Earnings Call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations.   During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which we have posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we would get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements. During this call, we will be making comments that are forward looking. These statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website.   Richard has some comments to begin our call. I will follow with a brief recap of our second quarter, update our forward guidance and comment on the recent demand environment. Adam and Dan will then talk more about our brands. And then we will open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Brian, and thank you all for joining us on this call. Today, my comments will be brief because I think the numbers themselves deliver a nice story. Simply put, the year is progressing better than we expected it to. And generally, our business is as good or better than projected, both in this country and abroad. The only negative factor impacting us is the weakness of the euro and sterling, which is automatically mitigated to some degree by the reduction it causes in our euro and sterling expenses. Thus, our revenue is somewhat lower than projected, but so are our expenses.   Even better, the cost management program allowed us to enjoy reduced costs in addition to the currency benefits. So the net impact of the currency-related expense reductions, combined with our more meaningful cost reduction efforts, is that expenses have decreased at a rate faster than the currency revenue reductions.  Net results. Very simply, our bottom line is better than planned, both for the quarter and for the year as a whole. There are changes between different categories on the P&L, but none of these are economically driven or impact our bottom line. Now I recognize that considerable angst exists regarding the state of the economic recovery. Like everyone else, I would prefer a more robust economy. However, we've always assumed a lackluster economic environment for 2010, and we've never counted on big improvements driving our results this year. Rather, we've assumed that our new and more efficient ships, along with good cost control, would drive substantial improvements in profitability, and that is clearly proving to be the case. Our previous description of our recovery as "slow and steady" remains unchanged. And we have yet to see a faltering or a deviation of our earlier expectations.  The booking volumes coming into our call centers are strong; our ships are sailing full; most importantly, our guests are enjoying fantastic vacations; and we are mindfully watching each and every penny. To me, that overall characterization seems pretty consistent with what you've heard us say over the last several quarters, and it's the source of our strength even during difficult economic times. We continue to believe that this strength is driven by the resiliency of the cruise proposition, combined with a strong corporate platform, one that protects our downside risks but is increasingly geared to pop in an economic recovery.  This fundamental landscape and our strategic goals remain unchanged, and we intend to keep those topics top-of-mind as we execute on our strategy of diversifying globally and improving our returns. It isn't happening overnight. But it's my continued expectation that as fleet mix and sourcing deepen, assets being optimized and cost control remaining a primary focus, our returns and our credit metrics will improve meaningfully.  Now with all this talk regarding long-term strategy, I also want to remind you that we continue to focus tactically as well, particularly around the balance sheet and liquidity. We continue to take steps to further improve our liquidity, and that's now exceeding $1 billion. And we'll continue to be prudent in the use of hedging to help manage our risks in such things as oil prices and interest rates.   At this stage, we still don't see any immediate need to tap the capital markets, but we will continue to consider alternatives on an opportunistic basis. Our new hardware is performing terrifically, and so are some of our new initiatives. The response to the DreamWorks partnership on Allure has been tremendous, and we're convinced that we'll be able to build on the momentum of the Oasis-class with the introduction of Allure this fall. Equally encouraging is the fact that Celebrity Eclipse has taken the U.K. market by storm. And finally, we have seen quite encouraging early results on our Millennium class and cruise, both in terms of guest satisfaction, as well as returns. This kind of revitalization is proving to produce very attractive returns, and I believe it is likely that we will be doing significantly more of these in the future.   With that, it's a pleasure to turn the call back to Brian. Brian?
Brian Rice: Thank you, Richard. I would like to start by going through the second quarter results, which we've summarized on the second slide. In the second quarter, we had a profit of $60.5 million or $0.28 per share versus a loss of $0.16 per share in 2009.   As you know, during the quarter, the U.S. dollar strengthened quite a bit due to concerns over European sovereign debt. All else being equal, a stronger dollar reduces our reported revenues and expenses. The net impact of the stronger dollar cost us about $0.02 per share in the second quarter, but we still exceeded our previous guidance of $0.16 to $0.21 per share.   Net yields were 4.9% better than last year. During the quarter, the strengthening U.S. dollar had a negative impact on yields. But after adjusting for this, our yields came in consistent with our previous guidance of up approximately 6%. Our newest vessels drove most of the year-over-year increase. However, we did see improved performance on a like-for-like basis as well.   All of our brands and virtually all of our itineraries saw improved ticket yields. For the quarter, our net ticket yields improved 7.1%, and onboard revenue also increased modestly. We did see a modest decline in other revenue, which was driven mainly by reduced tour sales out of Spain.  Excluding fuel, net cruise costs per APCD were 4.4% lower than the same time last year and better than our guidance of down approximately 1%. The stronger U.S. dollar drove about 100 basis points of the improvement and another 100 basis points is due to timing of maintenance and marketing expenses.  Nonetheless, our brands continued to do an exceptional job controlling running expenses, and our management continues to focus on efficiency in our general and administrative areas. As you will see in our updated guidance, many of these savings are forecasted to improve our full year performance.  Fuel costs came in about $6 million better than expected, driven by a 3% improvement in consumption. While there continues to be a fleet-wide effort to improve consumption, the majority of the improvement came from our newest vessels and fine-tuning of our new developmental itineraries. These improvements are expected to carry forward into the third and fourth quarters as well. All in, net cruise costs per APCD were 2.8% lower than the same time last year, which was better than our guidance of up approximately 1%.  So in summary, after adjusting for currency swings, revenue came in consistent with our expectations, and our continued focus on costs increased our earnings by about a dime.   Moving on to the booking environment, I think the best way to describe demand for our cruises today is, "Stable and remarkably consistent." With the exception of currency fluctuations, our revenue projections today are virtually identical to the ones we did three months ago. Bookings since our last call have been up about 11% over the same time last year, and our booked load factors and average per diems are both running ahead for the second half of the year. Despite a high degree of uncertainty about the economy and the volatility we see the stock market, our domestic bookings have been very consistent over the last several months.   Our European source business has also shown remarkable resilience despite persistent headlines about the sovereign debt crisis. We often get questions about our booking lead times that we wanted illustrate what we are seeing with consumer behaviors.  On Slide 3, we have graphed the average months prior to sailing that our customers make their reservations with us. As you can see, beginning in the fall of 2008, we saw a fairly significant contraction in the booking window, which carried through all of 2009. Since the beginning of the year, we have seen a steady expansion in the booking window, and we're now quite close to pre-recession levels. I would like to emphasize that while an expanded booking window is generally a positive sign, from a revenue management point of view, being able to predict buying patterns most important factor. Accordingly, the stable and consistent buying patterns we have seen throughout the year have been more than welcome.  Before I update our guidance, we thought it might be helpful to give you more insight into how currency impacts our projections. This year, just under half of our revenue will come from guests outside of the United States. While the majority of these guests pay for their cruise in local currencies, virtually all of our onboard revenue is in U.S. dollars. For 2010, we estimate that approximately 30% of our revenues and 20% of our non-fuel net cruise costs will be denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Our revenues are most influenced by changes in the euro, British pound and Canadian dollar. Our expenses are most influenced by the euro, and to a lesser extent, the British pound.   Now I'd like to provide you with an update on our forward guidance. On Slide 4, you will see the third quarter based on today's exchange rates. We expect yields to be up approximately 4% on an as-reported basis. On a Constant Currency basis, yields are expected to be up approximately 7%. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel, are forecasted to decline by 2% on an as-reported basis and be approximately flat on a Constant Currency basis. At today's prices, and recognizing we are 47% hedged, fuel is expected to be approximately $170 million in the third quarter. So all in, net cruise costs are forecasted to be down approximately 1% on an as-reported basis and flat to up slightly on a Constant Currency basis. Earnings per share for the third quarter are expected to be between $1.53 and $1.57.   Turning to Slide 5, for the full year, we currently expect yields to be up between 3% and 4% on an as-reported basis and up 4% to 5% on a Constant Currency basis. Since we last provided guidance, currency has lowered our yields approximately 100 basis points. So from a business perspective, our guidance is unchanged. Excluding fuel, net cruise costs should be down between 1% and 2% or flat to down 1% on a Constant Currency basis. For the balance of the year, we have 48% of our fuel hedged. So at today's prices, fuel is forecasted to be approximately $652 million. Accordingly, net cruise costs are expected to decline 1% to 2% on an as-reported basis and decline approximately 1% on a Constant Currency basis. Our earnings per share are now expected to be between $2.25 and $2.35 for the year.   In a nutshell, currency is causing a lot of noise in our traditional metrics, but a stable revenue environment and unwavering focus on costs has enabled us to increase our full year guidance by $0.10.   I'll comment only briefly on 2011, as it is much too early to provide any specific guidance. Our capacity is forecasted to be up approximately 7.1%, and we expect to continue to benefit from the exceptional response to our newest vessels. We have consistently described the recovery we are seeing as steady and consistent, and the early signs for 2011 fit this description as well. Again, it's fairly early but we are off to an encouraging start.   I would like to spend just a minute in comment on our cash flow statement. You may have noticed a significant increase in our cash from operations. While net income was significantly better, we also saw a substantial increase in customer deposits, driven by increased capacity, higher load factors and improved pricing.  Also during the second quarter, we decided to increase the percentage of our debt that is at a fixed rate of interest, taking advantage of today's extremely low rates. In the second quarter, we increased our fixed debt ratio from 45% to 55%. To accomplish this, we terminated a fixed-to-floating interest rate swap, which also provided over $100 million in cash proceeds.  Turning now to our capital structure and the balance sheet. We currently have three vessels on order. The Allure of the Seas deliveries in the fourth quarter, the Celebrity Silhouette delivers in the third quarter of next year and the fifth Celebrity Solstice-class vessel deliveries in the fourth quarter of 2012. As a reminder, we have committed financing for all of these vessels, and all of our debt today is unsecured. With our capital expenditures dropping significantly over the next couple of years and our improved operating cash flows, we expect continued delevering and improved credit metrics. Finally, as of June 30, we had $1 billion in liquidity and still do not anticipate a need to access the capital markets for the foreseeable future.   I would now like to turn the call over to Adam for his comments about the Royal Caribbean International brand. Adam?
Adam Goldstein: Thank you, Brian. Good morning, everyone. As Brian and Richard have described, our business continues to be stable and consistent. We are generating revenue and managing costs in line with, or slightly better than, our earlier expectations.   In the business environment as we find it, Royal Caribbean International is clearly a leader in the U.S. market as well as a driver of growth in global markets. Eight of our 21 ships are in Europe this summer, with record capacity for our brand in the region. We are sourcing over 2/3 of our guests on those ships from Europe. Having said that, I would like to emphasize that North American and European consumer preference for Royal Caribbean International's products allows us the flexibility to draw customers from either region, depending on what is transpiring in the market.   Since the last earnings call, Royal Caribbean has announced several exciting new developments. As Richard noted, we are very pleased with our new relationship with DreamWorks Animation. We were hoping Shrek could join us this morning, but he had another commitment. In any event, some might argue that there are enough ogres on this call already. Allure of the Seas will debut with a number of elements from this relationship, including an ice show based on Madagascar and an off-the-theater show based on How to Train Your Dragon. By the first quarter of 2011, DreamWorks characters will also be integrated into Oasis of the Seas, Freedom of the Seas and Liberty of the Seas.   We also announced that a number of features that we successfully launched on Oasis of the Seas will be introduced on Freedom of the Seas and Liberty of the Seas during their dry docks early next year. Together with the DreamWorks elements, these enhancements will further the guest experience on these two fabulous and still industry-leading ships.   A third announcement during the quarter was that, as of June 1, we enhanced our Crown & Anchor Society program for our loyal guests, who are returning to cruise with us in ever greater numbers. We are very fortunate to have such a passionate following that is of course increasingly global in scope.  The construction of Allure of the Seas has continued to proceed very smoothly. She is right on schedule for her accelerated delivery date in late October. And as I have mentioned previously, she will begin revenue service on December 1 from Port Everglade.   Even as we launch all of these exciting initiatives, I would like to thank our crew who have kept our fleet-wide guest satisfaction ratings at very high levels on an everyday basis. They are the primary reason for our success. Dan?
Daniel Hanrahan: Thank you, Adam. Good morning, everyone. The momentum for the Celebrity brand continues to be positive. Since our last call, we laid the keel for Silhouette, our fourth Solstice-class ship, which is scheduled to deliver next July. She will be equally gorgeous to our other Solstice-class ships, and will have some new additions, which we'll reveal at a later date. The Solstice class continues to perform very well.   In addition to our Solstice-class program, we completed the first revitalization of our Millennium class. Constellation was the first to be Solsticized this past May during a 15-day dry dock, which is a key part of our strategic plan to utilize Solstice-class to help improve the overall returns for Celebrity. Constellation now boasts some of the most popular venues found on the Solstice-class ship. These venues are in line with our strategy of delivering the best dining and beverage experience at sea, including the Tuscan Grille steakhouse, the creperie Bistro on Five, the Martini Bar, the Cafe al Bacio (sic) [Cafe a Bacio], and the Cellar Masters wine bar. In addition, we restyled suites and staterooms and completed a general refurbishment of the ship.  During the second quarter, we had healthy demand for all our products, with cruises in Europe and Alaska performing particularly well for Celebrity. Pricing for both products was significantly higher year-over-year, and all products came in about where we had thought on the previous earnings call.   Demand for Europe remains strong in the third quarter, with our two Solstice-class ships, Equinox sailing from Rome and Eclipse sailing from Southampton, performing particularly well both in ticket and onboard revenue. The Eclipse performance is especially gratifying as it is our first U.K.-dedicated ship, and it is giving us a foothold in the British market. Bookings are also performing well on our two non-Solstice-class ship operating in Europe.   We continue to see a high percentage of our bookings coming from outside of the U.S. on many of our cruises. Our summer cruises to Bermuda, the Caribbean and Alaska have booked closer in than those in Europe and are performing in line with our expectations. As I mentioned in our last call, we'll have all three Solstice-class ships operating in the Caribbean this fall and winter. Since our cruises to the Caribbean book closer in than those to Europe and Alaska, we have less visibility to performance for this time period. However, we are encouraged.  As I'm sure you heard, Mercury will transfer to two-week cruises in February 2010. With the exit of this ship, almost 50% of our capacity will be Solstice-class once Silhouette joins the brand next summer; which will, along with the three other Solstice-class ships and our recently Solsticized Constellation, mean we will be operating the youngest fleet in the Europe market next year. Brian?
Brian Rice: Thank you, Dan. We'd now like to open the call for your questions. As a reminder, we ask that you limit your questions to no more than two. If you have more, we'd be happy to address them after the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tim Conder.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Brian, if we look at just the numbers and the reporting onboard revenue, it appears that are down about 80 basis points. But you alluded that onboard revenues were up. I know, again, in the first quarter, you had some things going on with Pullmantur and some changes that were made there. Can you kind of give us a little bit more of the details related to that? And then should we see that actually benefit onboard revenue in the back half of the year? And in conjunction with Pullmantur, just maybe little more color on Spain. Are you seeing any improvement there, stabilization, any marginal weakening or anything from that standpoint?
Brian Rice: As it relates to other revenue, it really is related to Pullmantur's Tour division. We did see a little bit lower sales in the second quarter. As you alluded to, onboard revenue was up in the quarter modestly, not nearly as much as 7.1% increase we saw in ticket revenue. As we've mentioned before, Pullmantur is really focused on increasing their profitability. They've spent a lot of time looking at the Tour division. And the products that provide lower margins, they've been weeding out. There was a little bit of noise in the second quarter as well. Pullmantur does tours into the Dominican Republic. And as you can imagine, there wasn't a lot of demand given what was going on in Haiti in the second quarter. But the numbers were small. It doesn't take a lot to throw our metrics off when you're looking at only one quarter. So it was pretty isolated. In terms of Spain in general, I'll ask Richard to comment on that.
Richard Fain: Yes. Unfortunately, the situation in Spain remains seriously depressed, and we are not seeing any signs of near-term recovery. Pullmantur's own performance has improved as we have done a better job in managing in a bad time. But the overall economy remains bad, and we don't see any immediate prospects for that to turn around. But I do have to say, the management there and the team in Spain have done a good job in managing it. So their results are significantly better this year than last year.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: So would you say Spain is stable or are you seeing a slight deterioration, a slight improvement versus what we -- sequentially from what you had seen in the first quarter?
Richard Fain: I would say stable, but the first quarter was horrible. So it was horrible and is horrible and it hasn't gone any worse. Or better, unfortunately.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And Brian, just to -- then back to the question on the onboard spending. If you make those adjustments, what are you looking at as far as the onboard spending in the second quarter being up year-over-year?
Brian Rice: It was right between 1% and 2%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Looking at your capacity increases for the next three years. 2012 capacity was down and more than just adjusting for the Mercury. Is that -- I don't know if it's just the dry dock schedule. I wonder if you could just give a little color on that change?
Brian Rice: Robin, I think Ian's just going...
Richard Fain: We show 2012 capacity is up 2%.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Right, but versus at the prior release, versus your Q1 release.
Brian Rice: Robin, I'll ask Ian to reconcile that and follow up with you. I don't have the answer in front of me. I think it's probably mainly related to dry dock and then maybe the Mercury. But we'll reconcile that for you and certainly get an answer for you.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: And then, just to -- I think everyone's probably thinking about the incremental bookings. In other words, what you have on the books for the second half you've mentioned is up in terms of volume and price at the same time last year. But I don't know if there's any way for you to give us some color for the incremental booking that you're taking. And if this relates to -- I think you're saying -- your Constant Currency guidance for yields had been up 6%, and it was up about 5.4% in Constant Currency. Where would that sort of incremental -- is that just, is that coming from Spain? Where that -- maybe the little bit of yield that wasn't -- that was a little bit lower than expected?
Brian Rice: Well, on the second part, I think there's a little bit of confusion. And unfortunately, there's been so much activity with currency. Frankly, we haven't had to focus on it that much, but as we've expanded globally and -- during the second quarter, the euro was down about 7% on average for us from where we had it pegged at the end of the first quarter when we provided our guidance. The sterling was down right -- just over 3%. And I think the Canadian dollar was actually slightly favorable. The numbers that we've provided in terms of as-reported and Constant Currency are really relative to '09. And unfortunately, the reconciliation that you're asking for is from the time we've provided guidance up until we've produced our results. And what we've tried to allude to, the fact is that business itself was actually spot on our forecast. As it relates to your second question, we -- as you saw on the booking window chart, the window is expanding. So we do have higher load factors in the second half. Pricing is up a bit. There's still a lot of revenue to be booked. But in percentage terms we're better off this time this year than we were at the same time last year. I think one of the things -- probably the best place to look to, to try to get a sense of what's going on, is really the customer deposit line. I think it gives you some insight in terms of what we're seeing the back half of this year and into 2011 as '12.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: I have a question on the costs. You guys said in the release one of the benefits that you had in the costs is the timing impact. If you talked about this in your pre-prepared remarks, then you can tell me to look at the transcript and I won't be insulted. But that's my first question. And then my second question is also on costs. If you kind of peel back the layers a little bit, your cost guidance, excluding fuel on a APCD basis and I think excluding foreign exchange, employs only a slight pickup sequentially from the first quarter and usually it's lower. So I'm just wondering is that we're seeing the timing? Or is there anything else going on there?
Brian Rice: Felicia, I did, in my prepared remarks, comment on how much of it was timing. It's about 100 basis points in the second quarter, which was due to maintenance and marketing expense shift, just timing there. The cost x fuel, we actually -- we had three good guys [ph] (00:34:11) for the full year guidance. We are looking at benefit from lower fuel costs with the 3% lower consumption. We're benefiting, I think I said about 100 basis points on the FX. And we actually do have some costs that will fall to the bottom line full year. I think we're probably looking at around $0.05 of benefit from just absolute lower costs. So hopefully, that helps you.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then just, obviously, you guys are pretty bullish about your business. It's consistent with what we've been hearing from the trade. Just wondering, just in the very near term -- I know the products are very different, but have you seen any impact at all from the Epic launch, competitively?
Brian Rice: Felicia, I just -- I want to comment on your bullish comment. I think we continue to say...
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Let me say "relatively bullish to," some of the others. Is that better?
Brian Rice: I just -- I want to be careful to -- I think as Richard has said in the past, if it weren't for last year, we would be miserable this year.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Let's just say rel -- we'll throw the word 'relative' out there with a capital R.
Brian Rice: Okay. I just -- I like to say steady, stable, consistent. And Ian and I can't say that enough, that we're not seeing the type of volatility that you're seeing in the stock markets and over in Europe. But I'll let Adam comment about the competition.
Adam Goldstein: From a strict statistical point of view, by our analysis, Epic has about a 3% impact on Caribbean capacity for the full year and about a 6% impact on Caribbean capacity for the back half of the year, which is not that significant. And so our sense is that her arrival, although it has generated a lot of publicity for the industry, which is always a good thing, is not having a significant impact on our Caribbean performance.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then just finally, and this gets to the relative question. We are hearing about pockets of weakness in the fourth quarter [indiscernible] (00:36:19) some of your competitors, which I will not ask you to comment on. But what I would like to know is, is that affecting at all any of the programs that you are trying to implement when you think about pricing in the fourth quarter?
Daniel Hanrahan: Felicia, it's Dan. I made a comment that fourth quarter was proceeding about how we had expected. We are always, with our programs and our promotions, looking for the areas that are weakness and then directing our marketing efforts towards those to shore up the quarter. But I would say that it's going about as we expected and forecasted. And there's always areas that we see some softness, and then we get our sales and marketing people on those as quickly as we can to get those shored up.
Richard Fain: Yes. I think, Felicia, I would just add, the fourth quarter is always one that everybody's focused on, partially because it's, of course, the weakest part of our year. And because of that, it's also the most sensitive to what would otherwise be thought of as insignificant changes. But overall, looking across all of our brands and all of our marketing, we're not seeing any indication that there's been any change at all. We're feeling about towards the fourth quarter as we did before. And that's the basis on which we're making fairly good comments about bookings.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Wieczynski.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: The other operating expense line, what drove that decrease year-over-year? What was the biggest component of that?
Brian Rice: Steve, we -- I think it's pretty much across-the-board that we saw -- all the brands, as I mentioned in my comments, have really been focused on costs. We've done a really good job of not compromising the guest experience. There might be a little timing noise in there. As I mentioned earlier, that there's about 100 basis points of the good guy [ph] (00:38:48) that you see in Q2 that we will experience in other quarters. But for the most part, it's really just an across-the-board. The purchasing group's doing an outstanding job. Everybody within the operation is really continuously looking for where we're adding value and where we can operate more efficiently.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And you guys still feel pretty comfortable that the majority of these expense cuts are permanent cuts?
Brian Rice: I think I'd be careful using the word permanent. We're very fortunate right now that we're in a very low inflationary period, and that's enabling us to work hard. We've benefited a lot from the efficiencies of the newer vessels. I think we've demonstrated for the last couple of years the management team is very focused on costs. We -- I don't think you're going to see the sort of 7% reductions that you saw last year, but we are going to continue to try to operate below the rate of inflation and continue to operate outstanding products. But I think we've been fairly consistent now for the last couple of years in trying to deliver the type of cost guidance we've been providing.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Is there any change in the ship -- your shipbuilding philosophy?
Richard Fain: No. I think we've talked about it before. So I think you understand what we said. But we'll give a clear no to that.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Are the yards still coming at you with pretty significant deals?
Richard Fain: Yes. I think -- and what we've said is, as we said before, it's a balance. We're expecting to see more of our improvement in the future to margin improvement rather than just to top line growth, or just through capacity growth. And so we expect new capacity increases to be less than the past. And we are talking to shipyards. We are not saying that we're not going to build again. We do think that there will be growth and we are talking to shipyards. And this is a better environment to talk to shipyards, both because of the currency situation and because of the supply-demand situation with respect to the shipyards. But it's a balance. And I think the balance we're expecting to see going forward is somewhat lower growth than we've seen in the past, but not no growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Could you talk about, I know it's still early, but book load factors for the first quarter? And then separately, just as we think about Allure coming on. I'm assuming that's going to cannibalize Oasis to some extent, but is the combination of the two still in that favorable for 2011 relative to 2010?
Brian Rice: Clearly, we need to do a better job of timing our call and making sure we're not stacking you guys up. I did comment in my opening remarks a little bit about 2011 and did say it's still very early. In a nutshell, we're encouraged. But we think it's too early to provide any specific guidance. We did talk about the back half of this year that our load factors are up, and I just referenced the fact that if you look at our customer deposits, you would -- that's being driven by higher load factors. So I think you could extrapolate from that, that we have a reasonable order book and with the further out-booking window, we're feeling very good. But I'd just say, it's still very early.
Daniel Hanrahan: Sharon, on the second part of your question about the relationship between having Allure of the Seas and Oasis of the Seas next year versus having just had Oasis of the Seas this year. I mentioned on the last call, and I will mention again, that the two ships together are doing extremely well. We certainly would expect them to be positive contributors to our performance next year. But given that the two of them together represent double the capacity of when Oasis was there on her own, we would not expect the two of them to have the same yield performance as Oasis by herself. But they are very powerful performers in the market.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I guess I'm just asking, though, because Allure has a much more favorable kind of veranda versus inside cabin mix. I mean, are the two together still beneficial to net yields next year relative to Oasis by itself, rather than just on a ship alone basis, if you will?
Daniel Hanrahan: Yes, I meant to say that as clearly as possible. The two of them together are a -- clearly a positive contributor to whatever our yield performance will be next year.
Richard Fain: I think we should make it clear. It's a significant positive. They are both very successful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Badishkanian.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jeff Hans on behalf of Greg. Just want to get a sense of some of the onboard spend categories in terms of what you're seeing. And then any color you might have in terms of, I guess, non-U.S. consumers and any patterns you're seeing there?
Adam Goldstein: Yes. This is Adam. We've mentioned that onboard revenue in general was slightly higher on a year-over-year basis. And within the many categories that aggregate to onboard revenue, most are in that vicinity of flat to slightly up. One that's done relatively better than maybe others is beverage. And then one that has done worse than others, for obvious reasons, would be the art auctions, because we're in the process of winding down our onboard relationship with Park West. So there aren't the number of art auctions taking place as what there had been in the past. The others are not particularly remarkable, I would say. With regard to, let's say, non-U.S. guests and maybe European guests in general, we're seeing more or less similar performance, flat to slightly up. And some of that, I think, reflects our ever greater learning of what is motivational for our non-US customers to pay for onboard because they put value in it. So we're seeing, I would say, relatively constant performances between the different types of guests that we have.
Unidentified Analyst: And then any color you guys might have on close-in bookings and pricing this past quarter? And what you might be seeing for the 3Q, I guess, in light of some of the stock market weakness, some of the other negative headlines out there?
Brian Rice: Jeff, I think we said that the second quarter basically went exactly according to our track. From a business perspective, it came in exactly as we expected. Close-in bookings were very consistent with our expectations. As I alluded to in my comments, despite all the turmoil or the roller coaster ride that's occurring in the stock market -- specifically, in January and May, we saw very large dips in the Dow, and during the other months we saw upticks. And our bookings remained very consistent, very steady throughout that period. Even in Europe, where I know there's been a lot of discussion about how the euro debt crisis, the downgrades of the debt is affecting consumer behaviors, again, we see it very steady. And as we've talked about for years, I think it's a testimony to the fact that people take vacations, and cruising is a great value. And our brands are well-positioned, and we get very steady demand even during these sort of uncertain times.
Operator: Your next question comes from Assia Georgieva.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Hopefully, the first one is simple and directed at you, Brian. When we think about FX, should we expect that almost 100% of it is related to ticket? You mentioned that onboard is all done in dollars.
Brian Rice: Yes. Assia, I think the best way -- because we don't break out ticket as clearly, maybe -- we've said that about 30% of our revenues at the end of the day are denominated in foreign currency. And in sequential order of importance, it would be the euro, the sterling and then the Canadian dollar. There are a lot of other currencies, but they're not hugely significant at this point. I really think if you pay the most attention to the euro and sterling and assume a 30% percentage of our revenue, and 20% of our non-fuel costs. And I just point out that's net revenue.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: My question was a little bit different. For example, in Q3, you expect constant dollar yields up seven, reported up four. Is that 300 basis point difference related mostly to the ticket component of revenue?
Brian Rice: Yes, it would all be ticket. 100% of that movement is ticket.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: And the second question, Dan addressed it to some extent. Again, looking at close-in bookings. And as they tend to be very important to Q4, obviously the least important to Q3. What kind of trends other than the three Solstice-class ships are you seeing for [indiscernible] (00:49:04) be Adam can also give us an update on RCI?
Daniel Hanrahan: Assia, I mentioned the three Solstice-class ships being in the Caribbean because they've been such good performers for us since the introduction of Solstice, and Equinox and Eclipse have continued that. Especially -- we've been especially encouraged by what we saw from Eclipse in our U.K. market. And our U.K. team has done a terrific job over there. In the fourth quarter for -- it's still early, that's the closer-in booking time. But the entire fleet is performing as we had expected it would perform at this point. So while we get higher pricing for the Solstice-class ships, the rest of our ships are performing about how we expected. And I -- somebody asked a question a little earlier about are there holes, and there's always holes. But that's -- our sales and marketing team do a terrific job plugging those. So we're seeing things going across the fleet about as we had expected.
Adam Goldstein: Hi, this is Adam. Although the slide that you viewed earlier showed that the average -- that the booking curve is now closer to where it was in 2008 than to where it was in 2009, the fact of the matter is that we continue to source closer-in bookings where we need them. That's true in the Caribbean area and that's true in the European area. So for example, to the extent that we still have needs in August for Europe, we're able to motivate the business to fill those gaps. So it's too early to say exactly what the close-in booking environment will be for the fourth quarter. But throughout this year-to-date, we've been able to find the close-in bookings that we need.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: And they have generally been at higher prices. At least in Q1, I think you were quite pleasantly surprised by those.
Adam Goldstein: In general, that was true then. It -- obviously it varies as the months go by and depending what the needs are. But we've been able to fulfill our guidance other than for FX, where we have needed to do so.
Operator: Your next question comes from Janet Brashear.
Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research: As you look at pricing in North America, could you talk a little bit about where you think you are versus prior years and when do you think you would get back to more normalized levels? And then thinking that same question through again for Europe, where you have more capacity to overcome, could you answer it for Europe as well?
Adam Goldstein: This is Adam again, Janet. Well, in general, if you look at what our guidance is versus what happened last year and the year before, you could say that we're clawing back approximately 30% or 1/3 of what we lost. And it was always our understanding and expectation that what happened last year would take a period of years to recover, and that's essentially what we're seeing. And we see North America contributing in particular because of the influence of the new ships that -- in the case of Royal Caribbean International, Oasis of the Seas is based in Florida, of course, and so is a Caribbean product. And then we're seeing, particularly in Constant Currency, improvement in our European pricing. So both regions are contributing to the degree of claw-back that we have so far achieved.
Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research: But would your claw-back not be slower in Europe given that you're putting a disproportionate amount of capacity there?
Adam Goldstein: Well, it could be that if we hadn't put as much capacity there would be more pricing recovery. But what's exciting to us is that we've been able to steadily grow our presence there, be very well recognized for what we offer in Europe. And the pricing in Europe has contributed to our ability to claw back from where we were. So our view, net of all those things, is that our growing presence in Europe is very beneficial to the Royal Caribbean International brand and in general to our company.
Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research: No, no, I agree it's very beneficial, and it's helping the North America completely. I'm just wondering to the extent that it's absorbing that capacity though, how does that change your expectations about what you would hope for it to do? So in other words, if European pricing didn't grow as fast as North America, that shouldn't be a surprise because of what it's contributing in other ways to North America, right?
Adam Goldstein: It might not be a surprise. But the fact of the matter is that in Constant Currency, it is improving nicely, and we're pleased with what we're seeing at the level of capacity growth that we've injected into the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mickey Schleien.
Mickey Schleien - Ladenburg Thalmann & Company: What do you estimate your current cost of capital to be with the higher proportion of fixed interest rates in the mix at this point?
Brian Rice: Mickey, our weighted average cost to capital, as we calculate it, would be just under 9% today. And as we begin to -- the thing that will influence that the most is as we begin to delever and switch more toward an equity weighting. Our cost of debt on the new ships is extremely low. Our Solstice-class ships, we're talking about LIBOR plus less than 100 basis points. And even the -- as you look out, as we've locked in some of this at fixed rates of interest, the interest rates are extremely low. One of the nice things is even though we swapped out 10% of this debt to a fixed rate of interest, our interest expense guidance has remained effectively unchanged even with that.
Mickey Schleien - Ladenburg Thalmann & Company: So when you look at the lower rates on the debt for the new builds but the higher proportion of equity. Directionally, would your WAC climb over time, in your view?
Brian Rice: Yes, it will climb because we intend to delever the balance sheet.
Mickey Schleien - Ladenburg Thalmann & Company: Can you give us any sense of the scope of that increase over time?
Brian Rice: I don't have the numbers in front of me, and I'd like to think through how we want to guide you on that. But we'll look to -- I don't think it's going to be a rapid ascension. But clearly, over the next few years, we're looking -- we've put out there that we do have a goal of getting back toward investment-grade credits. And you can kind of the do the math in terms of what that might do with the weighting on the debt and the equity. One of the things that's affecting our equity right now is a fairly high beta as well. So hopefully, that will normalize a bit over time as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Milota.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co: As you look at the booked load factor over the next two or three quarters. Was wondering where in particular you're seeing some strength, or on the other hand, weakness, for your different itineraries? And of the booked load factor, where are most of your customers coming from? Is there any deviation from your historical norms for where you're sourcing your customers, either domestically or in Europe?
Daniel Hanrahan: Kevin, this is Dan. As you look at -- as we look at a third quarter, we're seeing this year an increase in the number of guests that we're getting out of Europe and a big increase in the number of guests that we're getting out of the U.K. because we put Eclipse in the U.K. market. So we've seen our sourcing mix at Celebrity change quite a bit this year. In terms of holes, nothing stands out. We're pleased with the way we see things going. For the most part, we're going just as we had planned. As we get into the fourth quarter, and the ships are doing a more traditional Caribbean business for us, we'll see a shift away from where we are in the third quarter to more of our guests coming out of the North American markets. But this foray into Europe for us is also helping us source guests into the Caribbean because we're building our brand over there.
Kevin Milota - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then, just in terms of the actual bookings that you have. I mean, where in particular have you seen strength? Is it -- for the Caribbean itineraries, European itineraries, Alaska? Where do you feel like you have more wood to chop in terms of salesmanship, but then also in terms of pricing?
Daniel Hanrahan: Well, Europe and Alaska have been good. I mean, I commented on that, and we've been very pleased with what we saw there. And Adam had commented earlier about how pleased Royal Caribbean was with Europe as well. So been particularly pleased about Europe and Alaska. And the fourth quarter is a closer-in booking period, as you heard Richard say earlier. So it's tough to comment on any particulars in the fourth quarter at this time.
Adam Goldstein: If I could just add in one thing that in general we've been pleased about over the year, and we didn't really comment on it too much on this call but we have on the previous calls, is what at least Royal Caribbean International calls the developmental products. Sort of the ones which, first of all, are sourced with very considerably more non-US customers than U.S. customers, and for the most part are newer products for us. And we tend to have more of that in the winter period than in the summer. But as a general rule, that has been one of the bright lights in terms of progress this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kent.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Are you going to provide the historic currency breakdown as a percentage of your net revenues and also as a percent of your expenses? So are you going to give us that going back a few years and maybe even a few quarters?
Brian Rice: Steve, I don't think what we want to do is spend a lot of time going back and reconciling previous numbers. This has been a very volatile quarter. I think if you'd like to give Ian a call, we've talked a lot about this because we expected that with the volatility we were seeing, there might be a lot of noise and a desire to get closer to this. So I think he's prepared to help you use the ratios that we have out there in the public domain and try to reconcile that.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So -- but on a go forward basis, are you going to start to...
Brian Rice: Well, what we've tried to do on this call is provide third quarter and full year guidance as-reported and on Constant Currency. You'll notice in the release, we've now provided a non-GAAP definition of Constant Currency. So that's out there. And as long as this continues to be a relevant issue, yes, we're going to put that out there.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And finally, just on your -- in your opening comments, somebody said that bookings were up 11%. Is that same store sales? Or is that just total bookings because you had capacity increases too?
Brian Rice: That's correct. I did say that the volume of our new bookings since our last call has been up about 11%. And clearly, by the time we began this last quarter, we had much higher advanced bookings in terms of load factors. And the reason I gave that reference of 11% is we've got a lot of questions about -- as we see the volatility in the stock market, and as we've seen the euro debt crisis, are we seeing that being impacted in consumer behaviors? And what we've tried to get across is, both domestically and in Europe, we've seen a very steady pace of demand. And it's been running on average about 11% ahead of last year, just during this three-month window. But again, our load factors were and continue to be ahead of where they were at the same time last year.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, so -- I'm sorry, just because I want to make sure: so then it's not same store sales or same-store shifts? It does include...
Brian Rice: This is all in, yes. And Operator, we have time for one more question please.
Operator: Your final question comes from Rachael Rothman.
Rachael Rothman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Just a bigger picture question with respect to your returns and the introduction of the newer ships into your asset base and the effect that, that would have on cost controls. As we think about your goal of exceeding prior peak returns going out over the next cycle, should we think about that as being primarily driven by an acceleration in top line, maybe P&L cost containment efforts or lower costs on the new ships? Or constraints in the denominator, meaning increased returns of capital to shareholders? And what mix of the three do you think is critical to achieving those returns? And over what time period?
Brian Rice: I'll start. I think the most important thing here really is our operating performance. The vast majority of our asset base is in place, and the new vessels that we have on order are at fixed contracts prices. So we basically know what the denominator will be. So the primary focus has got to be on improving the operating performance. I think we've done a good job on costs. We expect to continue to benefit from the efficiency of the new vessels. And I think as we talked about, we have a fairly disciplined culture as it comes to managing our costs. And we've made a substantial portion of the investment that we need to make in the new international markets. I think the big opportunity here is predominantly on the revenue line. We will be benefiting from Allure. We'll be benefiting from the new Solstice-class ships that are yet to be delivered. There's a lot of vigilance within the brands to understand which itineraries, which markets, which assets are performing and how do we ensure that all our assets are performing at an optimal basis. So I think in terms of the priorities, it would be clearly be revenue, maintaining the cost structure and then continued focus on managing our capital expenses, would be the sequence, I would say. Okay? Well, we'd like to thank you all for joining us today, and Ian will be available throughout the day to answer any more questions you might have. And I'd just like to mention, consistent with our last quarter, we do anticipate to be filing our Q sometime tomorrow afternoon. And thank you again, and wish everybody a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian Rice - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Adam Goldstein - Chief Executive of Royal Caribbean International and President of Royal Caribbean International Richard Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Hanrahan - Chief Executive of Celebrity Cruises and President of Celebrity Cruises
Analysts: Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Ian Rennardson - BofA Merrill Lynch Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Mickey Schleien - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc Samir Bendriss - Pareto Securities Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning, my name is Miranda, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Rice, you may begin your conference.
Brian Rice: Thank you, Miranda. I'd like to thank each of you for joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President, Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a few slides, which we have posted on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our notice about forward-looking statements.  During this call, we will be making comments, which are forward looking. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainty. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard has some comments to begin our call. I will follow with a brief recap of the first quarter, update our forward guidance and comment on the recent demand environment. Adam and Dan will then talk more about their brands. And then we'll be open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Brian, and thank all of you for joining us this morning. As you can see from our earnings release, the first quarter turned out better than we were expecting, and the full year is looking better as well. I'm going to let Brian take you through the details, but, as you know, we ended the quarter $0.10 to $0.15 better than expected. And this improvement carries over into our full-year forecast.  Note that the first quarter includes the non-recurring gain from a legal settlement. And then without the gain, our results were just above breakeven for the quarter. This gain was in our forecast and, even without it, we did substantially better than the first quarter of 2009. Now cost control was, and remains, vitally important. We've been talking about that quite a bit recently. But the most important part of the improvement in our earnings is being driven by improvements in revenues. Net yields turned positive this quarter, and were stronger than we expected just three months ago. Now don't misunderstand me, I'm definitely not excited by a 2.6% yield improvement.  The economy is clearly still weighing on our performance, and the improvement that we've had is off of a dismal base. But we have now reached an inflection point on yields, and that's an important milestone worth noting. We're certainly not where we want to be, but turning the corner is the first step to real and significant improvement, and we have clearly turned that corner. Now switching to cost, expense controls were once again a meaningful contributor to the quarter's results. And they remain a central tenet of managing the company going forward. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar helped reduce costs a bit in quarter 1, but the majority of the expense feed came from good, old-fashioned focus of the task in hand.  I'm also very pleased with what we've accomplished on the fuel front, related both to itinerary and new ship optimization. Despite the run-up we've seen in the worldwide price of oil, the combination of our swap portfolio and our fuel consumption management actually allowing us to reduce our fuel expense calculation for the full year. In addition to these fuel and FX impacts, we continue to have a rigorous focus on our other operating and running expenses. It is not any simple win in this equation, just a constant and continuous focus across all operating and general and admin areas.  More broadly speaking, our top priorities at the company continue to be focused on improving our return profile, moving towards an investment-grade rating and further expansion of our global footprint. Strengthening the balance sheet and managing towards an investment-grade rating are a key part of our longer-term strategy.  Capital spending for other current expansion program peaks this year, as it is expected to drop in half by next year. At the same time, debt repayments are ramping up a bit, and it's our intention to meet these repayment obligations with operating cash and we'll be deleveraging the balance sheet. Based upon our current guidance, many of our current metrics will show significant improvement this year, and we expect to maintain an improving trajectory over the next few years.  Globalization of the company's gas sources is well underway, and going well from both a volume standpoint and strategically. Most of the net new capacity that we're bringing onstream these days is dedicated to the global markets. Said a bit differently, most of the first-time cruisers we're introducing our product to are international guests. In fact, our North American guest sourcing has been flat for the past several years.  Now I'm certain someone will ask us about new ship orders, but I don't have much exciting to report. The equation hasn't changed. On the one hand, we see a stronger U.S. dollar, more accommodating shipyards and exceptional performance from our recent ships. On the other hand, we have a strong desire to strengthen the company's balance sheet and credit statistics. We will continue to balance this equation and work to ensure that it is as harmonious and profitable as possible.  We will continue to grow, but probably at a slower pace than heretofore. My earlier comments show that I believe, over time, our company will be experiencing improved consumer demand, have a stronger balance sheet and be able to distribute any new capacity across a broader, global-sourcing platform. Altogether, that sounds like a winning combination.  In addition, we are also seeing that less sexy, but no less important, investment in upgrading our existing fleet generate very attractive returns. I think it's likely that you will see more of this going forward as well.  On the topic of new hardware, though, I just returned from the inauguration of Celebrity's newest vessel, the Celebrity Eclipse. This delivery is the third of the five Solstice-class vessels that the company has ordered. And I must assure you that she is every bit as spectacular and as compelling as her sisters. Consistent with our strategy of international diversification, she was delivered directly to the British market, and began sailing from Southampton on her first revenue voyage the day before yesterday. Her reception in this market has been just terrific and she is selling well.  Looking forward, we're very optimistic about the future. We have suffered disproportionately as our revenues declined due to the recession. However, as we now witness the beginnings of the recovery, we expect to benefit disproportionately as well. Brian?
Brian Rice: Thank you, Richard. I'd like to briefly go through the first quarter results, which we've summarized on the second slide. In the first quarter, we had a profit of $87.4 million or $0.40 per share, which was better than our previous guidance of approximately $0.25 to $0.30 per share. Net yields were better than our previous guidance and improved 2.6%. Net ticket yields improved 4.6% and onboard yields were up as well. Other revenue was down due to lower cancellation fees and a slight reduction in our Spanish tour capacity. Our load factors also improved and, for the quarter, we sailed at 103.1%.  Excluding fuel, net cruise costs per APCD [available passenger cruise days] were almost 1% lower than the same time last year and better than our guidance above approximately 1%. The improvement was pretty much across-the-board, with our brands doing an excellent job controlling running expenses, and our management continuing to focus on efficiency in our general and administrative areas. Fuel costs came in better than expected despite increases at the pump fuel prices since our last call. Our brands did an excellent job managing consumption, especially on our newer vessels and itineraries. Our hedges also helped mitigate these price increases. All in, net cruise costs per APCD were 2.2% lower than the same time last year, which was better than our previous guidance of approximately flat.  As a reminder, our first quarter results did include a gain of approximately $86 million from our previously disclosed legal settlement. Excluding this gain, we generated a slight profit for the quarter versus a loss of $0.17 per share last year. I will also point out that each of our brands exceeded their operating plans for the first quarter. It was also gratifying to see a $300 million improvement from last year in the net cash generated from our operations.  Now I would like to provide you with an update on bookings. On January 28, we provided our initial guidance for the year. We were about a month into the wave season and felt confident we would see yields improve between 3% and 6% for the year. Those projections have proven to be fairly accurate, although, since our last call, the demand environment has continued to gradually improve.  Clearly, we are not back to pre-recession demand levels, but pricing leverage is slowly returning. Sales since the start of the year had been very healthy, with booking volumes running about 20% ahead of the same time last year. We have also seen a modest improvement in the booking window, with European and Alaska itineraries being the biggest beneficiaries.  As of today, the second, third and fourth quarters are booked well ahead of the same time last year. Pricing is clearly better than last year, but, frankly, the comparables are pretty low by historical standards, especially in the second and third quarter. We expect all of our major product groups to show yield improvement this year, but we are especially pleased with the performance of our developmental itineraries. These products are targeted largely to new customers outside of North America, and has been, and will continue to be, a focus of our capacity growth. Our newest vessels continued to command pricing premiums in the market, but the success of our developmental itineraries is also enabling us to see improved yields with the balance of our fleet.  On Slide 3, you can see we currently expect yields to improve around 6% in the second quarter and between 4% and 5% for the full year. While we have narrowed the range of our guidance for the full year, the midpoint remains essentially unchanged.  From a business perspective, we are feeling better today than we were three months ago. However, since we've provided guidance at the end of January, the dollar has strengthened about 4.3% versus the British pound and 6.7% versus the euro, and consequently devalued the European point-of-sale business.  In addition, as we noted in our release, the travel disruptions resulting from the volcanic ash also had a negative impact on yields. Absent these changes, we would be improving our full-year guidance by about 100 basis points, based on the improvements we have seen since the middle of the wave season. While the strengthening of the U.S. dollar has put pressure on yields, it has also helped us on the cost side. Net cruise costs, excluding fuel per APCD, are expected to be down approximately 1% in the second quarter. We have also improved our full-year forecast and now expect these costs to be down approximately 1%.  Based on today's spot rates, fuel expense would be approximately $170 million in the second quarter and $678 million for the full year. As we mentioned in our press release, we are hedged 50% for the second quarter and 48% for the balance of 2010. We have also hedged 53% and 40% of our forecasted consumption for 2011 and 2012, respectively.  Our total net cruise costs per APCD are now expected to be up around 1% in the second quarter, and flat to down slightly for the full year. Earnings per share are forecasted to be between $0.16 and $0.21 in the second quarter, and between $2.15 and $2.25 for the full year.  As of March 31, we had approximately $1.1 billion in liquidity. Our capital expenditures are forecasted to decrease by over 50% next year to around $1 billion, and we have committed financing in place for all of our new builds. Our cash flows are also projected to meaningfully exceed our debt maturities. So for the foreseeable future, we do not anticipate a need to access the capital markets, although we will remain open to being opportunistic.  One last housekeeping item before I turn the call over to Adam for his comments about the Royal Caribbean International brand, I am pleased to inform you that we will be initiating XBRL tagging for our SEC filings with this quarter's 10-Q. As a consequence, we expect to file the Q tomorrow morning before the market opens. We hope you find this helpful. Adam?
Adam Goldstein: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Brian mentioned the positive contribution of our developmental products to our first quarter yield performance. Developmental products comprised six Royal Caribbean International ships that operated primarily in Brazil, Australia, Singapore, Dubai and Panama during the first quarter. These products are important to the strategic development of our brands because of their focus on local or regional market sourcing in rapidly growing cruise markets. In the case of Singapore, we are talking about the winter complement to our China product that begins now and operates until the fall.  While we are pleased with the progress we have made, Royal Caribbean is very much still in learning mode and very focused on achieving further improvements in revenue, cost and guest satisfaction as we go forward. We are excited about the potential of this product range. Last week, Royal Caribbean announced that Mariner of the Seas will leave her base in Los Angeles next January, and operate 2011 programs from home ports in Brazil, Italy and Texas. We have a long history operating from California to the Mexico Riviera, and certainly we hope to return in the future.  I have frequently commented on these calls about our commitment to Europe and the potential we see for further growth of the major European markets. As a result of the redeployment of Mariner, in summer 2011, half of our 22-ship fleet will be in Europe, including two of three Freedom-class ships and four of five Voyager-class ships. It is possible that from May to October 2011, Royal Caribbean International will carry more guests on European cruises than any other cruise lines. While the clear majority of our guests on our Europe cruises will come from the European point of sale, we are pleased with the demand we are seeing from North America at this point in the selling cycle. Changing subjects, we are just over six month away from taking delivery of Allure of the Seas, and her construction process is proceeding very smoothly. We have added a four-night, pre-maiden voyage sailing on December 1, and we are looking forward to having our 22nd ship in service. Finally, I would like to thank all of the men and women at Royal Caribbean for the progress we have made on our cost control efforts, while still delivering cruises at very high levels of guest satisfaction. Dan?
Daniel Hanrahan: Thank you, Adam, and good morning, everyone. It's hard to believe that it's been almost a year since the launch of Celebrity Equinox. But as you heard Richard say, we just returned from Southampton where we successfully launched our newest Solstice-class ship, the Celebrity Eclipse. We canceled the two-night, pre-inaugural cruise out of Southampton in order to assist U.K. travelers impacted by the volcano in Iceland.  However, our naming cruise out of Southampton and our pre-inaugural cruise out of Hamburg came out very well. The Eclipse is the third in a series of five Solstice-class ships, and it's addition brings the Celebrity fleet to a total of 10. As you know, we're especially excited about Eclipse, not only because she's a gorgeous new Solstice-class ship with an amazing crew, but also because she has two new venues that stand out.  The first is the Celebrity iLounge, which is the first-ever Apple computer internet café at sea. We have also added Qsine, our newest specialty restaurant, which delivers an amazingly fun and delicious dining experience, and also features Apple's iPad for the food and wine menus. However, I am most excited about broadening the guest sourcing capabilities for Celebrity, as Eclipse is our first ship dedicated to the U.K. market, operating summer cruises from Southampton. The response from the U.K. travel agent partners, the press and many of our loyal Captain Club members during the naming cruise was extremely positive. Celebrity has made a very strong impression on the U.K. market.  During the first quarter, we saw healthy demand for all of our products, the majority of which were Caribbean. Both volume and rate came in about where we had thought at the time of the previous call. Our Solstice-class ships continue to command healthy premiums than the other ships in our fleet, in both ticket and onboard revenue. And it's worth noting, our other ship classes generally performed as planned for the first quarter.  This year, summer's Europe season continues to book well for Celebrity, and we expect to see healthy year-over-year volume and pricing increases for our European product. We're seeing our Solstice-class ships booking very well at healthy prices. And again, bookings are holding up very well in our non-Solstice-class ships operating in Europe.  Our efforts to build our brand beyond the U.S. market continues to be successful. And for the first time, we are expecting to see a higher percentage of our total bookings for our European cruises coming from outside of the U.S. this season. The Alaska product, where we are once again operating three ships, is also performing well and doing better than what we've seen last year. We are back in Bermuda this summer for the first time since 2007, and we have Solstice sailing out of Fort Lauderdale. Both of these markets are attracting closed-in demand, and we are seeing a high amount of reasonable sourcing. I'm particularly pleased to be back in the Northeast, which has always been an important market to source guests for Celebrity.  We have all three Solstice-class ships operating in the Caribbean this fall and winter. And for the first time, we'll have two Solstice-class ships operating seven-night Caribbean cruises out of South Florida when Eclipse arrives from Europe to Miami in November. Our cruises to the Caribbean tend to book closer in than those to Europe and Alaska, so we have less visibility for their performance at this time. I also want to mention that we recently opened deployment for the summer of 2011 and winter 2012 seasons. There are a few key strategic moves I want to highlight. Celebrity Silhouette, our fourth Solstice-class ship will debut in late July and will operate 12-night Holy Land cruises out of Rome in the summer. During the late fall and winter season, Silhouette will do 12 nights Southern and Eastern Caribbean cruises out of Cape Liberty, thus the strategic importance of reestablishing Celebrity in the Northeast, with our Bermuda deployment this summer next.  Due to our success in Europe, the brand will operate all four Solstice-class ships in Europe, along with the Constellation for 2011. Constellation has been dry docked in Hamburg, Germany, and she has been Solsticized as we speak. Constellation will be transformed in a little over two weeks' time, as the best venues from the Solstice will be added to the ship. I'm pleased to report that with the addition of Silhouette in 2011, almost 50% of our capacity will be Solstice class. Brian?
Brian Rice: Thank you, Dan. We would now like to open the call for your questions. As a reminder, we ask that you limit your questions to no more than two. If you have more, we would be happy to address them after the call. Miranda?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Janet Brashear from Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: First question would be, how do you think about the twin priorities of paying dividends at some point, versus deleveraging in terms of timing? And then the second question would be, to tell us a little more about the capital expenditures for your existing fleet upgrade, how much you might want to spend and what your priorities would be, whether they're revenue or cost-driven in terms of the upgrade?
Brian Rice: On the first side, we suspended our dividend previously. I think, by Richard's comments and what we've said previously, we clearly have a focus on delevering our balance sheet and improving our credit metrics. And we do have a goal toward moving toward investment-grade. So right now, we are in a growth phase. We have been spending on ships. Our capital expenditures do drop by more than 50% next year. And we'll continue to evaluate the dividend. But for now, we haven't seen the need to institute it as we try to delever our balance sheet. We have traditionally guided the street for roughly $200 million in non-newbuild CapEx. And for now, we would continue to maintain that guidance, and as we looked to work on our fleet.
Richard Fain: I think the one thing when I made the comments in '09 about possibly doing more on dealing with the existing fleet, we've earlier announced that we are Solsticizing some of the older Celebrity ships, to bring -- roll back some of the things from the Solstice and to other ships. And we have found those kinds of investments very effective. And I think it is possible that we will be looking at more of those in the future. And that could have, at the margins, some impact on our CapEx forecast as we look at those kinds of things. And that also will depend a little bit, relating also to new building.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Badishkanian from Citigroup.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: Just a little color on the European travel disruptions, maybe kind of looking at the costs to see if there are any -- I know you said a little bit less than $0.05, but any impact you think for bookings for Europe during the summer, or you think is kind of back to normal?
Adam Goldstein: This is Adam, Greg. It appears that the booking situation has normalized, and people understand that, that was a bizarre and apparently one-of-a-kind event. And I think, from a European source perspective, it probably has made a drive to cruise opportunities to even appear that much more valuable than they may have otherwise seemed. So we're still looking forward to a positive European season.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup Inc: With respect to cost containment, as bookings continue to improve, as kind of the economy heats up a little bit, what's your ability to contain costs and to cut out new costs, more cost savings over the coming quarters?
Brian Rice: Well, Greg, I think we've been saying now for a couple years that we're working very hard on cost containment. And I think we've got a pretty good track record the last couple of years. Last year, our non-fuel net cruise costs were down about 7%. We're now guiding that those costs will actually be down around 1% this year. I want to temper expectations in terms of cost continuing to go down, but I think we've clearly demonstrated that as we see top line growth, it is our intention to try and drop that to the bottom line. I think our brands have done a great job of finding the right balance between trying to help us improve our returns on investment while at the same time, delivering an outstanding guest experience. And I think we're in a pretty good place right now, and it's our intention to stay there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Conder with Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: The first one would be, given the very solid first quarter that you've had here and what with the commentary that you had also looking out for the balance of the year, it would seem that the back half, especially the year, your guidance would be conservative as it relates to net yield. So any additional color there? And then secondly, gentlemen, any additional color on Spain in particular? I think back in January, you said you saw that stabilizing. Carnival [Carnival Cruise Lines] mentions a similar type of comment in March. So just any update on your perspective with Spain? And then they also had said that there've been some problems in Brazil, and I think Adam, you had talked a little bit about Brazil, put some more color from those two geographic areas in particular.
Brian Rice: Tim, I will take the first one and let Richard address Spain in particular. Our yields, as I tried to allude in my comments, we do view the business environment as better and I would remind you that when we gave our first quarter guidance, we had reasonably good insight in the Wave. We are about a month into it, and had included the benefits of what we were seeing at that point in time in our guidance. Frankly, we have seen the market improving gradually since that point in time. And as I alluded to, I think we would be raising our guidance by about 100 basis points if it weren't for FX, as it relates to yield. I would also just comment, I didn't include this in my comments, but our EPS has been affected by about $0.12 for the year as it relates to FX. It's helped us on the cost side, but net of balance sheet changes as well as the revenue in the cost. Cost is about $0.12. And then we have close to $0.05 in there for the impact of the travel disruption because of the volcano. Frankly, we think we've seen good improvement. We baked it in and if you consider that we beat the first quarter by 60 basis points, second, third and fourth quarter have to be going up by more than 100 basis points to account for what I've been describing here.
Richard Fain: And then, Tim, addressing your second question on Spain, the good news is, as you pointed out, I had said last time that Spain has stabilized and it has. And in fact, we are a little bit ahead of budget with respect to Spain. The bad news is that it's stabilized at a terrible level, and the Spanish economy, frankly, doesn't show a lot of signs of improvement yet. So I think we think that is likely to be one of the last to recover. And I think our forecast are predicated on assumption that Spain will continue to be miserable for a while. Sorry to be so blunt.
Timothy Conder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: No, I appreciate that. And then in the same context of Brazil, given competitors commenting that, that was maybe a little over capacity in the early part of the year here by the industry?
Adam Goldstein: Yes, Tim, we commented, several of us, on the positive progress of our developmental products. Two of the six ships I referenced were in Brazil during the season, and they both have successful seasons. I think I mentioned previously on another call that this was the first season that we had a company office driving the marketing and sales programs in Brazil to support those products, and we were quite pleased with how it turned out. For this next season starting in December, it's far too early to tell.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia from William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I guess, firstly, I know you guys are more focused on ROI. Can you help us understand how that translate into the management compensation, and whether there are any targets embedded in the bonus structure at this point related to ROI?
Richard Fain: Yes, it is a major focus throughout the company. And one of the things that we did do this year was to make it a bigger part of the explicit bonus calculation for 2010. And so there's no question, that tends to focus people's attention, which I think was already well focused here. But I think that added to communicating that and making that a part of everybody's consideration throughout the company.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And then secondly, I guess, since this is the first full quarter that Oasis has been sailing, can you give us an idea of how onboard spending is trending on Oasis versus the rest of the Royal Caribbean fleet? I'm assuming it is better. And then secondarily, just to follow-up on that Icelandic volcano disruption. Where are we going to see that then -- I'm not going to try to pronounce it. Where are we going to see that, kind of, that hit in the P&L? Is that a yield hit? Is that a specific expense that we're going to see? Just where is that going to show up?
Richard Fain: Well, I'll just comment on the volcano, which I won't try to pronounce either. The vast bulk of that is a revenue hit, and I'll ask -- and it will essentially all be in the same quarter. And I'll ask Adam to comment on the Oasis onboard revenue.
Adam Goldstein: In short, her performance is the best in the fleet on onboard revenue, and it is relatively the most positive compared to the expectations that we had for the year. So it has proven to be an even stronger onboard revenue generator than we had foreseen than we were pretty optimistic before.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Are there any things that you're seeing on Oasis that you can rollout to the rest of the fleet? Any particular areas where it does really well on onboard spending that can be translated?
Adam Goldstein: Well, I wouldn't confine that examination to onboard spend. Clearly, there are a lot of learning from Oasis with respect to both guest features and onboard spend potential, which we are evaluating with respect to how we might contribute those features or opportunities elsewhere in the fleet. But we don't have anything to say at this junction.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: I wonder, just to clarify, because you've talked about yield guidance on a same-currency basis, being up 3% to 5% before. And you don't specifically quantify it here, but I mean, you are narrowing your guidance at the high-end of the range, right? In other words, the midpoint of your guidance you're saying is unchanged. But that's only because of currency, which everybody sort of understands the currency move. But your actual demand guidance improved by 100 basis points. I just want to make sure if I'm understanding it on a same-currency basis that, that plus 4% to 5% is what you'd equate your guidance to now. And then also, the $0.05 from the volcano disruptions, it's maybe a little bit more than I would expect it. I think you guys had a press release out quantifying that 6% of your passengers were disrupted and it was really kind of a week disruption. And so 6% of one week of the quarter seems like it wouldn't have as big an impact as that $0.05?
Brian Rice: Robin, you're correct on the yield. We've provided guidance for yields to be up 4% to 5% for the year. If it weren't for the changes in the strength of the dollar since the end of January, that guidance would have been 5% to 6%.
Richard Fain: And Robin, on the issue of the ash cloud, I think the impact was bigger than we first thought it was going to be. Early on, we were pleased that so many people made it to the ships who were in areas where you begin to wonder whether they could. But the knock-on costs sort of came into play, and then it took longer -- speaking as somebody who was trapped on one side of the pond versus the other, it was longer and it just had somewhat more impact than at first we were thinking it might. So it ended up -- and we think it will be less than $0.05, but it's sort of edging up towards that number.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: And then just to get a little more color as well on your onboard trends, can you give a little more color around what you saw in the quarter? What was really increased in spend versus anything in the numbers that was like minimum contract guarantees or anything like that?
Daniel Hanrahan: Robin, it's Dan. The quarter wasn't driven by minimums. The consumer was, for Celebrity, the way it was seemed to be spending. So we weren't having to go through our partners and asking them to cover us for minimums. So we were pleased with what we saw.
Brian Rice: Robin, I just add that we've said for quite some time that onboard revenues and ticket yields seem to move in the same direction, with onboard revenues tending to be a little less volatile. Our onboard revenues in the first quarter were up a little less than 3%. And as I mentioned in my comments, ticket yields were up around 4.6%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Just when we start thinking about the Allure and the Oasis together, just wondering if you could help us how should we think about both in terms of pricing, in terms of premiums? And then also as far as cost, I would assume that the Allure is going to be starting out as a better cost base than the Oasis. Just wondering if that's the correct way to think about that?
Adam Goldstein: On the second question, their cost base is essentially the same. Their essentially the same...
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Well, I guess what I meant, I should clarify, you're moving up the learning curve with Oasis. So are you starting Allure at a higher point?
Adam Goldstein: It is true that we certainly know a lot more about operating the class of ships going into the second ship than we did for the first, because it was such a revolutionary concept. But I would say those types of opportunities are at the margin of performance. Fundamentally, they're the same ship being operated in the same way. And then on the first question with regards to pricing, I mean clearly, these two ships have been for sometime commanding significant premiums to anything else that's in the Caribbean, certainly, with any of the year-round ships that are in the Caribbean that they compete against, and we would expect for that to continue. It's still quite a ways from Allure being in service. So we'll have to see as we get closer to the season exactly what those premiums prove out to be. But fairly, both ships are in very strong revenue-generating mode.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Clearly, I guess you had two things going on though. You have demand improving in the industry, but then you also have the Allure adding more capacity. So I'm wondering if we should think about the premiums that you quantified when Oasis first came out, or if you've seen those come in a little bit?
Adam Goldstein: Well, there's a doubling of the capacity of that class of ships to be sure, as you pointed out. There maybe some effects of that. But what we're seeing in the marketplace is very strong premiums for these two ships compared to anything else that is there.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then just this BP oil rig explosion in the Gulf [Gulf of Mexico], is that affecting any of your itineraries?
Adam Goldstein: Not to my knowledge.
Operator: The next question comes from Mickey Schleien from Ladenburg.
Mickey Schleien - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.: I'd like to go back to the balance sheet for a moment. Before 2008, your debt-to-capital ratio was in the 40s and now it's about 50%. And at the beginning of the call, you mentioned that you like to improve the balance sheet. So what I was wondering is are your expectations more for that to come from free cash flow or from other sources such as perhaps sales of end-of-life ships or additional equity? And my other question is whether you would give us some at least a range of your targeted ROIC?
Brian Rice: Mickey, clearly, the way we intend to improve our credit metrics and our credit rating is through free cash flow. We mentioned that this year, we're expecting $1.5 billion in EBITDA. And I think Richard said before that if it weren't for last year, we would be viewing this year as a terrible year. As we begin to benefit from the new vessels that are coming in and we see some economic recovery in our CapEx dropping in half next year, we're going to have free cash flow that we intend to use to pay down debt. And as we look for our credit metrics to improve over time, it will clearly be through free cash flow.
Mickey Schleien - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.: And Brian, would you be willing to give us some sort of range of the long-term targeted return on invested capital?
Brian Rice: Well, clearly, our first goal is to achieve our weighted average cost of capital, and we're very focused on that as a high priority for ourselves. And I think we would have similar targets to other companies. We don't have a specific public target out there. As Richard alluded to, we have a short-term incentive to get that number up. But we also have a focus on the near term getting to exceed our weighted average cost of capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Brian, just one question for you. I guess you guys used to give a little bit more color in terms of your presentation, which is online, in terms of forward bookings and if you looked at them if they were indexed back to 2008. And I don't know if you can give me too much color, but if you look at where you guys are booked right now for the second, third and fourth quarters and how much of your capacity has been booked, I think that would be somewhat helpful at this point.
Brian Rice: Sure. I think I used the term in my comments that we're significantly booked ahead of where we were a year ago. I would say it is in the mid- to high-single digits in terms of load factor being that much over the prior year. We actually debated a lot about how much of the slides we wanted to show. And frankly, I think we've made the point of the recovery, and we didn't want to spend a lot of time on that. We wanted to get to your questions more quickly, and we continue to see a gradual improvement throughout the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Assia Georgieva from Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Doing a rough calculation, it seems that Q3 yields are expected to be in the 6%, 7% range, let's call it, mid- to high-single digits. Given that the year-ago macro environment was so weak and the fact that we had May and June basically where our booking freeze due to the initial swine flu scare, shouldn't Q3 actually be closer to a 10% yield improvement?
Brian Rice: Assia, we haven't given you Q3. I would say directionally, you're probably not far off. Clearly, we're looking at Q2 and Q3 being the easier comparables for the year. We also, I would say, there's probably more pressure from the dollar strength in Q3 than other quarters given the amount of European sourcing that we have in that quarter. But I think we've tried to be very transparent and clear here. We're not back to pre-recession demand levels, although we feel better about the environment each day. And I think, as Richard alluded to, we've turned the corner and we're seeing a steady, gradual improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Maybe we miscalculated this, but it looks like the onboard revenues per occupied room were actually down year-over-year. I was just wondering if you could comment on that, especially in light of you saying that the Oasis ship is showing very good results. And then also, because you are getting such a big premium on Oasis and the new Celebrity ship, what does that say about the rest of the fleet because it's 10% of your overall fleet? So a big premium does affect those results. And then final question, what percentage of your bookings are now coming in direct, either through the Internet or through your own customer representatives?
Brian Rice: The first quarter onboard revenues, as I tried to allude to in my comments, when we -- our public P&L, we clearly break out ticket revenue. And then we have onboard and other. Onboard was actually up a little less than 3%. What's driving the decline in the total there is we had pretty good cancellation charges last year in the first quarter when we were in the post-market meltdown. We had some large group cancellations that we had benefited from. And our Spanish tour operation, we've actually scaled back a little bit. We have been much more focused on the profitability in that area, and we found some of the tours that we were offering were not generating profits. So we terminated those tours. So that's what's causing that change. In terms of the balance of the fleet, yes, the new ships are doing quite well in commanding very nice premiums. We said on our last call that the balance of the fleet was actually slightly positive, and we've continued to see improvement in the balance of the fleet, specifically on some of the developmental itineraries. As I alluded to in my comments, virtually, every single one of our major product groups we're seeing yield improvement in 2010.
Adam Goldstein: Steve, on your question with regard to our Direct business, it's in the mid to high teens for our Caribbean, Celebrity and Azamara brands. And it's been growing slowly. We would probably expect that to be the case going into the future, as people prefer different channels to reach us and consumers get more knowledgeable about the cruise product, both here and in the world. But it's very clear at the same time that we predominantly depend on travel agents to distribute our products, and we will continue to depend on them for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Samir Bendriss with Pareto Securities.
Samir Bendriss - Pareto Securities: My question was partly addressed, but I'd like to be a bit more specific. How are you going to generate sufficient returns to cover cost of capital going forward? Or even more precisely, do you plan on changing your new building profile and build cheaper ships?
Brian Rice: Samir, clearly, we have the investment in the vast majority of our ships already. And the ships that are under construction, we're not going to change the cost of those. We spent a little more on our ships, and we think we deliver better ships. I think clearly, we need to see improvements in revenue. We've taken a lot of action on the cost side. The brands are working very hard on their deployment strategies. We've invested a lot in these developmental itineraries, and we're seeing good momentum on them. We have a very high category mix with more balconies on the newer vessels, and we're seeing that they're commanding premium. We have a very specific plan within each of our brands to get the returns up there, and projecting where we need to get to. And when we find things that either markets or itineraries or ships that are not performing, we have a clear mandate to figure out how to turn those around.
Samir Bendriss - Pareto Securities: Yes, I guess what I'm asking is that if you, at some point, announce a new build, I guess you will at some point during 2010, can we expect the new building cost per berth to be in line with the recent new builds? Or do you plan on announcing -- and obviously, I know that you can't say too much about it, but are you thinking along those lines of building in the future cheaper ships than you have in the past?
Brian Rice: Samir, we haven't announced any new builds. And I think it's premature to address any of that right now. We haven't talked about what brands we're building for. And clearly, we get it that you have to affect things through the numerator and the denominator. We are clearly focused on making sure that any investment we make are going to provide the types of returns that we need.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Rennardson from Bank of America.
Ian Rennardson - BofA Merrill Lynch: To be more specific on the return on capital employee equation, knowing what you know about your capacity and your costs, what net revenue yield do you think you need all other things being equal to get you to a return on capital equal to your ROIC?
Brian Rice: Ian, I think the best way to answer that is if we had '08 revenues today with the cost structure that we have in place, our ROIC would probably be in the range of about 8%, which is still clearly not where it needs to be. But I think our focus, again, on making sure that we're competing in the right markets with the right vessels and the right itineraries is a major focus of how we're going to get that up to where it needs to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Janet Brashear with Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I wonder if you could tell us a little more about your development products. As I recall, that's growing to about 10% of total product, and maybe you could just tell us a little more. I think you said that it's positive net revenue yield right now. Is that a mix between markets? Some markets positive, some negative, and on-balance positive? Or is that pretty well distributed across this developmental market?
Adam Goldstein: It's quite well distributed across the markets that I mentioned earlier. This, of course, is not exactly the same in every case. But in general, the ships collectively and individually had very pleasing winter seasonal performance in terms of the North American winter season.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And so if you were to look at your developed markets where we have Europe and North America, what sort of pricing trends are you seeing given the capacity ships? Are you starting to see North American pricing better than Europe based on capacity moves?
Adam Goldstein: It's not really so much capacity than does the effect of currency being more on Europe point of source. So in local pricing terms, we're really just seeing positive development in both areas. I have mentioned earlier, we're happy with where we're seeing from North American point-of-sale. For European cruises, the yield outlook there is very positive for our brands. And in Europe, we're seeing positive yield development even in spite of the foreign currency pressures, which shows that in constant dollars, the performance in Europe point-of-sale is also favorable.
Brian Rice: Well, Miranda, it looks like we've worked through the queue of questions. So I'd like thank everyone for joining us today. And Ian will be available throughout the day, if any one has any more questions. And with that, we wish you a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian Rice – EVP and CFO Richard Fain – Chairman and CEO Adam Goldstein – President & CEO, Royal Caribbean International Dan Hanrahan – President & CEO, Celebrity Cruises and Azamara Cruises
Analysts: Robin Farley – UBS Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein Jeff Hanthan [ph] – Citi Scott Barry – Credit Suisse First Boston Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets Sharon Zackfia – William Blair & Company Assia Georgieva – Stanford Financial Group Kevin Malhotra [ph] David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management
Operator: Good morning. My name is Latisha and I will be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean’s fourth quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. Rice, you may begin.
Brian Rice: Thank you, operator. And good morning, everyone. I would like to thank each of you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a number of slides, which we have posted on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you of our notice about forward-looking statements. During this call, we will be making comments which are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined by Regulation G, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard has some comments to begin the call. I will follow with a brief recap of the fourth quarter, update our forward guidance, and comment on the recent demand environment. Adam and Dan will then talk more about their brands, and then we will be happy to open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thanks, Brian. And good day to everyone. While it is a great pleasure that we are in a position to say sayonara to 2009, there were four particularly significant accomplishments during the past year that I think deserves special mention. First of all, our company and our industry proved yet again how resilient we are in the phase of an economic collapse of almost unprecedented proportions. It was a painful year, but we still managed to suffer less revenue decline than most comparable industries despite the double whammy of the economy and the swine flu. Secondly, our management team sustainably reduced our non-fuel expenses by over 7% per berth. Thirdly, we launched two of the most impressive and profitable ships in the cruise industry’s history, Celebrity Equinox and Royal Caribbean’s Oasis of the Seas. And then lastly, we proved our company’s financial strength by completing financings on level and on the cost that we dismissed as impossible only 12 months ago. Who would have imagined in January of 2009, the Royal Caribbean would end 2009 with almost $900 million of liquidity and know need to access the capital markets in 2010. I’d like to congratulate and thank the management team and all of our employees for their hard work and their focus on accomplishing these objectives. Now looking forward to 2010, the year is looking much stronger than many thought possible only a short time ago. As you can see from this morning’s release, we are expecting good yield growth despite the continued poor economy. Wave season is off to a strong start with good volume and even higher pricing. While we are also not seeing a dramatic run-up in pricing, our numbers demonstrate a slow but steady improvement in our revenue environment consistent with the slow but steady improvement in the economy. This improving environment combined with continued focus on cost will be meaningfully accretive to earnings this year. And you can see the power that this combination is likely to have in future years that are not weighed down by bookings made in 2009. Operating costs continue to be a priority for our management team. Like a diet, it’s often harder to keep the weight off than it was to lose the weight in the first place. But we are determined to continue our exercising of the cost discipline that has served us so well over the last few years. The impact of our new ships has also been a significant boost. Adam will comment more about Oasis shortly, but from 40,000 feet, I’m pleased to report that the vessel introduction was a gratifying success. Our guest lover, she is commanding tremendous premiums on ticket revenue, onboard spending is handily above other ships. And the economies of scale are working. But while Oasis of the Seas got the most publicity, Celebrity Solstice class ships are kicking butt too. Ticket revenue on these vessels are commanding a premium, on-board spend is higher, and costs are lower. These Solstice vessels represent to Celebrity guests while Oasis and Freedom represent the Royal Caribbean International guests. Clearly, the business model we have been espousing for these ships is producing the hope for results. These new ships are incrementally more expensive to build, but they are quantumly more profitable to operate. That combination generates better returns on our investment. At the same time, it’s important to remember that the bulk of our profitability still comes from the rest of the fleet. And it’s encouraging to know that our yield guidance would still be positive for 2010 even if we excluded the Oasis and Solstice class ships. Now, many of you have asked us to comment on what this means for future growth and for possible new orders. As we’ve said before, we look forward to a period of slower growth expansion that enables us to build our profitability more with margin expansion than purely with volume expansion. We remain to believe that a more subdued long-term growth rate is appropriate for both our yield accretion and improvement in our returns. We also continue to pursue our long-term objective of returning to investment grade rating. But at the same time, we have seen the power of a well executive new building program. And as market conditions warrant, we will certainly consider next steps. Note, however, that due to construction lead-times, even if we would act now, it is unlikely that any new building would deliver in time to impact results before 2013 at the earliest. Now, before I turn the microphone back to Brian, I’d like to make a couple of short comments about the situation in Haiti. A disaster like this affects all of us. Looking at the unimaginable death toll and the pervasive suffering should make all of us realize just how fortunate we are. It’s especially impactful to us at Royal Caribbean because of the large numbers of Haitian-Americans who are part of our community. You also know that we have a private destination on Haiti’s north coast, which makes us privileged to have been one of Haiti’s largest foreign investors for over 30 years. We employ hundreds of Haitian workers, many of whom suffered grieve as personal loss. And all of whom were impacted directly. Obviously, we’ve tried to help them. Firstly, to help find out about their loved ones and then with direct financial aid as well as grief counseling. All of this together makes us at Royal Caribbean feel the devastation more personally than most do. And I do feel most people feel it intensely and as well. Regarding the relief effort, it really never was a doubt that we would help. Haiti needed our help and we couldn’t refuse. Part of that involved deciding whether it was better for our ships to return to Haiti or to sail by the island and take our guests elsewhere. We couldn’t help agonizing over the idea of people taking their holiday so near the devastation. But you also couldn’t refuse the country’s plea that we help it in its time of greatest need. In the end, we decided that the moral imperative demanded that we bring to people of Haiti much needed relief supplies and equally needed tourists and economic activity. We have since then transported more close to 1 million pounds of food, water and medical supplies, as well as providing other logistical support. We have also brought desperately needed tourism dollars to Haiti that are essential to their rebuilding effort. Certainly the Haitian people are glad we’ve done so, as was summarized by one Haitian worker who said, “Without those ships, we don’t eat.” I’m also pleased to note that our guests have been extraordinarily supportive and complimentary. They have given our captain standing ovations and more of them are going ashore than usual. We are also spending record amounts onshore. But maybe that’s because they know we are contributing 100% of the proceeds to the relief effort. I’m proud of the response from our people here and in Haiti. Hopefully, we are now entering the next phase of the response involving the rebuilding effort in Haiti. This will unfortunately require a massive sustained effort from all involved, and we intend to continue to be an active participant and contributor. With that, I’ll let Brian take you a bit deeper into the numbers. Brian?
Brian Rice: Thank you, Richard. I’d like to briefly go through the fourth quarter results, which we’ve summarized on the second slide. In the fourth quarter, we had a profit of $3.4 million or $0.02 per share, which was better than our previous guidance of a loss of approximately $0.05 per share. Net yields were at the better end of our guidance, down 7.2%. Ticket revenue benefited from stronger than expected close in booking and even onboard revenue was slightly stronger than we had forecasted. Net cruise costs per APCD were 10.5% lower than the same time last year, which was also better than our guidance. Excluding fuel, net cruise costs were down 8.8%, lower than same time last year and better than our guidance of down 7% to 8%. On slide three, you can see for the full year, earnings per share were $0.75 versus guidance of approximately $0.70. Net revenue yields declined 14.2% for the year, and on an as-reported basis, declined 12.3% on a constant dollar basis. Net cruise costs per APCD declined 9.8% for the year, and excluding fuel, were 7% lower. Our management team did an excellent job controlling costs while maintaining very high customer satisfaction rating. I would also like to point out that the cost savings were net of our continued investment in the organic growth of international market. These investments have enabled us to double the number of international guests on our brand over the last five years. But we have enabled to fund this expansion through continuously improving efficiency in our established market. Now I’d like to provide you with an update on booking. It is still early in the selling cycle, but the wave season is off to a promising start. Each of the last three weeks has generated record booking volumes for us at pricing that is running ahead of the same time last year. Clearly we are not back to pre-recession demand level, but we are pleased to see yield recovery underway. As of today, our booked load factor and average per diem are ahead of the same time last year for all four quarters and the full year. On slide four, we have spotted the variance in our booked load factor for all sailings in 2010 as compared to 2009. As you can see, since we lapped the beginning of the recession back in September, we are experiencing clear signs of recovery in our order book. In fact, since September, our booking volumes have been running more than 30% higher than during the same period a year ago. This acceleration in booking volume has also begun to have a positive effect on pricing. On slide five, we have graphed the year-over-year variance in our cumulative booked average per diems for all 2010 sailing. Similar to the load factor slide, you can see a nice recovery is underway, and pricing is trending upward as compared to a year ago. And while our current price levels are still being influenced by the weak economy, we are clearly in a better position to control discounting and even take some measured price increase. Adam and Dan will provide more color by brand and itinerary, but in aggregate, we are feeling more positive about 2010 than just a few months ago. On slide six, you can see we currently expect yields to improve around 2% in the first quarter and between 3% and 6% in the full year. If we adjust for today’s exchange rate, yields in the first quarter are projected to be around flat, and for the year, we have between 3% and 5%. On the cost side, our management team continues to be very focused on driving efficiency without comprising the guest experience or our strategic investments. For the first quarter, we expect net cruise costs, excluding fuel, to increase approximately 1%, and for the full year, we expect net cruise costs, excluding fuel, to be flat to up slightly. Adjusting for today’s exchange rate, we would expect to be about flat to down slightly for both the first quarter and full year. We have included $687 million of fuel expense for the year and $163 million for the first quarter in our guidance based on today’s pricing. We are 58% hedged for the first quarter and 50% hedged for the full year. We are also hedged 50% for 2011 and 15% for 2012. For our earnings per share guidance, we have included a $0.39 gain from a legal settlement that will be realized in the first quarter. We currently expect earnings per share to be between $0.25 and $0.30 for the first quarter and between $2.00 and $2.20 for the year. Moving on to balance sheet, as of December 31st, we had approximately $900 million in liquidity. We recently announced that we have received financing commitments for 80% of the purchase price of the Allure of the Seas, and we now have financing in place for all of our new-builds. In 2010, we will have approximately $770 million of scheduled maturities and anticipate easily funding this through operating cash flows. At this time, we do not foresee a need to access the capital markets in 2010, although we may be opportunistic under the right circumstance. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Adam for his comments about the Royal Caribbean International brand.
Adam Goldstein: Thank you, Brian. And good morning, everybody. Believe it or not, I do not intend to talk about Oasis of the Seas on every earnings call. In fact, this call, which is the first since the ship went to revenue operation on December 1st will be the last time that I will especially focus on her. As Richard briefly indicated, we are very pleased with our actual experience with Oasis of the Seas. The publicity and the inaugural program that preceded her revenue service exceeded our very high aspirations. The quality of the product offering has been an immediate success. From a guest rating standpoint, Oasis has already leveled with the highest rated ships on our fleet, even though we continue to learn more about how to operate her every week. In contravention of the concerns expressed by some about our ability to manage the logistics of such a large ship, we do not face issues of (inaudible) onboard. The ports have no issues handling the ship, and our peer check-in ratings at the fabulous new Terminal 18 in Port Everglades have been higher for Oasis than for any other ship in the fleet for every one of her sailings thus far. Last but not least, she is driving very considerable ticket size premiums over all Caribbean based ships. By that I mean, ours and everybody else’s. With healthy load factors and her onboard revenue to this point, it has exceeded our expectations. In summary, we are exceptionally pleased and I would like to thank everyone inside and outside of the company who contributed to the success of Oasis launch, most particularly the outstanding men and women who make up her crew. Before I turn to the wave booking period, I will note that we are just over nine months away from taking delivery of Oasis’s sister ship, Allure of the Seas, and her construction process is proceeding smoothly at this point. Moving to the wave, in general, the first few weeks have exceeded our expectations, as Brian noted. Our internationally oriented or developmental products, which comprised six of our 21 ships this winter, are all reflecting a positive momentum, which is encouraging both for year-over-year revenue yield performance as well as for the long-term outlook for the Royal Caribbean International brand. In market-after-market we continue to win the top awards for best cruise line, which is a reflection of the brand’s global appeal. The outlook for Europe where we will have eight ships, including four Freedom or Voyager class ships, is particularly encouraging, with strong performance both from our European and North American point of sale. Our three ships in Alaska are also booking well in comparison to last year’s disappointing decline in performance. We have seen promising volume on our Caribbean product portfolio, which has contributed to the fact, as stated by Brian, that we are ahead of last year on both rate and volume in each of the four quarters. We still have a lot of Caribbean cruises to sell in 2010, though our visibility to this segment is still relatively limited. While we have not experienced pronounced weakness in any of our product groupings, the areas of least strength are the cruises based on the West Coast and the Northeast of the US. But again overall, we are pleased with the start of the wave season. Despite our focus on cost control, we continue to generate strong guest satisfaction rating. We are looking forward to advancing our brand in 2010. At the same time, we are committed to helping with recovery and reconstruction in Haiti. Dan?
Dan Hanrahan: Thanks, Adam. Good morning, everyone. It’s been an exciting time for celebrity. As you know, we kicked off the year and celebrated our 20th anniversary by re-launching our new brand platform Designed For You. Our brand design in Solstice-class ships continued to perform well. And we are looking forward to Solsticizing all of our Millennium-class ships over the next few years. We are also looking forward to taking delivery of Eclipse, our third Solstice-class ship, in April. In the fourth quarter, we once again had healthy close-in demand for our cruises in both Europe and the Caribbean. In general, volume was a bit better than what we thought at the time of our previous call. Our onboard revenue also performed better than we had planned, driven by show act [ph], gaming and onboard communication. And expenses were slightly under where we thought we would be, driven by our focus on costs. In the Caribbean, we have continued to see close-in bookings for the first quarter. Some of the closed-in business is being driven with discounting, but overall Caribbean pricing remained consistent with our expectations a few months ago. This summer’s European season is looking very strong for Celebrity. Both Equinox operating 10 and 11-night net cruises from Rome and Eclipse, our first ship dedicated to the UK market, operating summer cruises from Southampton are performing well at very healthy prices. I’m pleased to say bookings are also performing quite well on our non-Solstice-class ships operating in Europe. We continue to be pleased by the results of our efforts to build our brand beyond the US market, and we are seeing a high percentage of bookings coming from outside of the US and many of our Europe cruises. We will continue to operate three ships in Alaska, and all three are doing much better than what we had seen last year at this time. However, Alaska is still not as strong as in 2008 and past years. We do have a couple of new deployments for Celebrity that are worth mentioning. For the first time in several years in response to feedback from consumers in the trade, we are once again operating seven-night Caribbean cruises year-round from South Florida. The award-winning Solstice will operate those year-round Caribbean cruises. Our cruises at the Caribbean tend to book closer in than cruises in Alaska and Europe. Our visibility for our year-round Caribbean sailings will improve in the coming weeks. We are also back in the Bermuda market after a three-year absence, with Summit operating seven-night cruises from Cape Liberty. Bermuda cruises tend to be first regionally, and we expect this product to be a big win for Celebrity in the Northeast. As you’ve heard from Brian, we are all very pleased with these first few weeks of wave and looking forward to the year ahead. Brian?
Brian Rice: Thank you, Dan. We’d now like to open the call for your questions. As a reminder, we ask that you limit your questions to no more than two. If you have more than that, we’d be happy to follow up with you after call. Operator?
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question is from the line of Robin Farley.
Robin Farley – UBS: Great, thanks. I wonder if you could expand a little bit more on potential plans for new-builds in terms of -- it sounds like 2013 will not necessarily be a pause in deliveries. And also what brand or ship class are you thinking about more than others as you think about forward plans? Thanks.
Richard Fain: Thank you, Robin. I’m not sure that I can add much more to what we’ve said. We’ve historically tended not to make speculative comments about what we might or might not do. We think that just adds to confusion in the market. I think we’ve been fairly consistent in saying that we are looking forward to a period of slower growth, and I think that’s still the case. Other than that, I think we would be simply looking at the market as it evolves. We look at what opportunities there are in terms of on the shipyards, but also in terms of if we saw something that particularly fit a need that we had. But I think it’s way early to speculate on which particular brand or market that might be in. It’s just too early for us to comment on that.
Robin Farley – UBS: If I could just ask it way then, I think that the Oasis venue said that the next order would not necessarily be another Oasis class that you might be more likely to -- and so by that, I would think that would mean Solstice or Freedom class. Is that still -- would you at least say that that’s still the case or not that -- even that’s on the table right now?
Richard Fain: Well, I think we always like to keep our options open in all ways. But I have said before and I think it’s still remains the case that we think that Oasis was a special case, a special opportunity. And I think I would probably give it less likelihood that we would have more Oasis than the two that we have.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Janet Brashear.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. Last year -- in 2009, you made some progress on SG&A. Can you comment on what you expect for SG&A in 2010 versus the 2009 results?
Brian Rice: I think -- this is Brian. Our SG&A will be consistent with our overall cost guidance. We -- I mentioned in my opening comments that we’ve been investing a lot in some of the new international arenas. We’ve been opening offices. We’ve been -- we're growing our brands organically in these markets that we are investing in the market in the sail side. I think it’s fair to say that we continue to find efficiency in our core operations, and we expect that to continue. But overall, I think the general theme is that our costs, on a reported basis, will be flat to slightly up, and when you factor in base exchange rate, will actually be flat to slightly down next year.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. I’d like to just ask one more. The capacity in Europe is increasing dramatically next year. And unlike North America where you’re getting some particular support from new ships and things like that, you have new capacity that’s all new in Europe. What do you suppose the impact on pricing would be? Do you expect pressure on pricing to crop up in 2010 based on the capacity (inaudible)?
Adam Goldstein: Hi, this is Adam. Well, I gave a fairly, I would say, upbeat report in my commentary in the script about where Europe is looking for this year. I mentioned that we have eight ships, but we also had eight ships in 2009. Really the only difference for us is that we upsized and brought in and will be bringing in an additional Voyager-class ship in place of one of our smaller ships that will stay out in Asia all year long. So from Royal Caribbean International standpoint, there is not actually a very significant increase in capacity. And what we are seeing in terms of booking, both in North America and Europe point of sale and in terms of rates, is encouraging at this point.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Dan Hanrahan: Janet, this is Dan. One of the interesting things that we’ve done on the Celebrity side in Europe is we have Eclipse, which we will be sourcing predominantly out of the UK. So while it does look like capacity is up, what we’ve got is an opportunity there to really -- for Celebrity anyway to expand into a new market. So we are tapping into new supply, which is we’ve been very, very gratified by the pricing we are seeing there and the interest from UK guests has really been terrific.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Greg Badishkanian.
Jeff Hanthan – Citi: This is Jeff Hanthan [ph] speaking on behalf of Greg. I noticed in four key that are really big (inaudible) between your ticket revs and your onboard revenue. What really drove that and is that a sustainable run rate for 2010?
Brian Rice: Jeff, actually both our ticket revenue and onboard revenue performed a little bit better than our guidance. I think we clearly benefited from the introduction of Oasis. We have seen good performance on the Solstice class. I think going forward -- we’ve always said that ticket revenue tends to be a little more volatile than the onboard revenue. I think going forward, we provided guidance of up 3% to 6% that’s probably driven a little bit more by assumptions on ticket revenue, recoveries and perhaps onboard. But we are seeing positive trends with onboard as well.
Jeff Hanthan – Citi: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. You guys (inaudible) job, cutting costs in 2009. And I think you are protecting flattish-type costs for this year. Where do you see most of that coming from?
Brian Rice: It really -- it's just a tremendous amount of focus by our management team to find those cost that we can become more efficient, again reiterating, without comprising the guest experience or really the growth in international. There has been a laser focus on it. Also making sure that these are sustainable cost savings, we are committed to continuing to spend in marketing and sales. Most of it in shore side efficiency that we’ve been able to get. I’d also say that as we’ve matured in some of the international markets at very nice growth rates, we begin to get economy to scale in those markets as well.
Jeff Hanthan – Citi: All right. And just one last one, I apologize, I know you warned too. But any update on what you are seeing with booking windows? I think last quarter you had mentioned you were seeing signs of expanding a bit. Just kind of broad based throughout your entire portfolio. Thank you.
Brian Rice: Sure. I think my comment on booking windows overall is it probably had a slight amount of expansion. It really varied significantly by market. I think some of the premium itineraries such as Europe and Alaska were seeing the booking window move out from where it was a year ago. But Adam alluded to the West Coast, specifically Mexican Riviera. I think we are seeing a more contracted booking over there. When you net it all out, I’d say the booking curve was slightly expanded from where it was, but not -- certainly not back to where it was before the recession.
Jeff Hanthan – Citi: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Scott Barry.
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse First Boston: Hey, Brian. To what extent do you anticipate any improvement in your load factor in that net revenue yield guidance you gave? And then secondly, could you address the variance in your capital spend, it looks like it’s about $400 million higher than the guidance you gave?
Brian Rice: Sure. The capital spend, really if you look at the cash flow statement, below the investment is property, plant and equipment is the derivative line. That derivative line is debt [ph] of gains and losses that were losses on interest rates, but a rather large gain on the FX portion. So when you net the two out, you are pretty much back to our guidance.
Richard Fain: In 2009, our load factors were about 2 percentage points down from 2008. I think we had a little bit of a slip on load factor because of the impact of the recession. I think there is also a little impact from some of our new developed nano market. I think we would expect our load factor to begin to recover, probably fall somewhere in between 2010 and ’09 -- I'm sorry, ’08 and ’09 level.
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse First Boston: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Hi, guys. I need you to help me understand something. You guys have been really positive on the call. You talked about positive momentum. You mentioned that the wave is better than expected, discounting is less than expected, all really positive data points. Yet I’m just struggling with your first quarter yield guidance. So on your last call, you said that first quarter yields are going to be positive in both constant and current dollars. And now it looks like they are indeed positive, including FX, but when you back out FX, they are flat. So that seems like a change. And I was hoping to understand that. And then also, what was driving -- what was like now is going to be higher net cruise costs for the year excluding fuel?
Brian Rice: Felicia, on the second part on the cost side, we have said -- we said on the last call that we had a goal of being flat in 2010. In our commentary, we’ve said that on an as-reported basis, we will flat to slightly up. But when you look at it after FX, we are saying we are going to flat to slightly down. So I think we are very consistent with where we have been previously. For the first quarter, I think we are talking about marginal changes and we are giving directional comments on our last call. I think we feel fairly consistent about the first quarter performance today than we were a few months. I think we’ve shown since autumn [ph] in Q3 where yields were down in the teens [ph]. We’ve had a nice recovery in Q4 where we were down just over 7%. We are now talking about going up 2%. Obviously our comparables are easier in Q2 and Q3. So we would expect more opportunity there. I would also comment that in terms of ’09, we probably saw more pressure on what we would define higher end products. And I think we are seeing relatively stronger --
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Hello?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please hold.
Brian Rice: Operator?
Operator: Your line is open. Go ahead.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Hi.
Brian Rice: Sorry. Felicia?
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Yes. You start -- we all lost you when you’re starting to talk about ’09 seeing more pressure on the higher end.
Brian Rice: Yes. I apologize for that. All of our calls on this end just went completely dead there for a moment. We’re not sure what happened.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: It was a vibe I was sending.
Brian Rice: Well, I think again, in ’09, we felt more pressure on what we would call the higher end products. I think last year (inaudible) talk about Alaska being under a tremendous amount of pressure. If we look out to 2010, we are seeing more of the higher end products having a disproportionate recovery to the products that didn’t suffer as much as ’09, which bodes will more for Q2 and Q3 when Europe and Alaska begin to kick in. But I think what we are seeing here is a steady recovery. Richard alluded to, as we come out of 2010, we are looking forward to a revenue environment where we don’t have a lot of business on the books that we’ve booked in ’09. We have a disproportionate amount of that first quarter having ’09 sales. But I’d just reiterate our view of Q1 has not materially changed.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. It just -- it seems like it does, but I understand your -- I hear you. Just final question, just regarding the fuel guidance that you gave, I was wondering -- does that already include the efficiency that you are enjoying from the Oasis or do you think we could see upside to that?
Brian Rice: This is our operating plan. The guidance that we’ve given and our -- I think we mentioned in the press release, since ’05, we gained about 11% efficiency overall. The brands continue to focus on ways to become more efficient, but the numbers we’ve got it do include (inaudible) as well. One thing I would call out is, we have changed a lot of itineraries in 2010. We are going into new markets, and a lot of times that can have an influence on our consumption as well.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: All right. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Kent.
Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. Just a couple questions. First, as the sister ships to Oasis and Solstice come on line, do you expect them to maintain the same level of premiums? Is that in your guidance? And I guess the reason I’m asking you is my recollection is that on the Freedom-class ships that some of the -- as the second wave came on, you saw some pricing fade. And then just generally, any view about the new Disney ships coming on? And then finally, wave as a percentage of the total year, can you just give us an update of what percentage you think the wave period will account for this year versus previous years?
Dan Hanrahan: Hey, Steve it’s Dan. I’ll start. We are looking at the third Solstice-class ship coming on in this summer. And we’ve been extremely pleased that we’ve seen yields all the way along. Solstice was terrific when it came on. Equinox maintained it. And actually I’m very pleased on what we are seeing with Eclipse, even a little improvement from what we had originally anticipated we get out of Eclipse. So we haven’t seen any fall-off at all and have been quite pleased with the results that we’ve had.
Adam Goldstein: Hi, Steve, it’s Adam. I just wanted to comment quickly on Allure of the Seas simply because she is only in December. So she doesn’t have more than a 1% or 2% impact on our year, and really I would say immaterial for the purposes of your question.
Richard Fain: And then I’d comment -- or I’d rather won’t comment on the Disney ship. I think just in general -- first of all, we don’t comment on other ships. But I think historically we have seen that Disney -- because the Disney brand is itself so powerful actually helps add a hail to the market. It does tend to validate the relevance of cruising as a vacation choice, and much as we felt when Disney first came into the cruise industry, we actually thought the net impact of that would be positive. And I’m hopeful that this will be too.
Brian Rice: Steve, on the wave question, I would say wave continues to be important to us. I think several years ago, we said it wasn’t the sea change one way or the other that it had been probably in the 1990s that we even preferred to it as high tide. I think as we diversify our product sourcing, we talked about we are only a year or two away, more than 50% of our guests will come from outside of the United States. We’re feeling with the little more contracted booking curve today than we would be accustomed to do in normal sign [ph]. It’s still very important, but I wouldn’t say it’s the end-all, be-all to (inaudible). But we are encouraged by it. We are happy to see that we are taking record booking volumes over the last few weeks. So it’s very reassuring to come back with the holidays and that business coming in.
Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tim Conder.
Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets: Thank you. Regarding your overall net yield guidance, in 2009, both yourselves and the industry had some issues with H1N1. Obviously, that doesn’t seem to be that much of an issue now. But also in -- I think you quantified H1N1 in the Pullmantur problems that you had as far as the hit for 2009. In your overall yield guidance, how Pullmantur are factored in? Is it still a drag? Are you expecting some recovery in that net yield guidance?
Brian Rice: Tim, I think Pullmantur is clearly in our guidance. I think that Spanish economy continues to see likely the weakest that we are operating in these days. But I think we are feeling that Pullmantur has an opportunity for yield accretion in 2010. We referenced H1N1. My recollection is we said that that impacted it right around 1%, maybe just over 1 percentage point for the year. I think while we wouldn’t specifically assign it to H1N1, I’ll just build on Adam’s comments that the Mexican Riviera itinerary seemed to be one of the weaker markets right now. Whether that’s beneath the California’s economy or what we are seeing is residual effects of that, we are not sure. But I think our yield guidance of up 3% to 6% somewhat speaks for itself and includes all that.
Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. And Brian, again, just to clarify the 1% yield hit was due to H1N1 alone and excludes any effects from Pullmantur.
Brian Rice: Yes, that’s including Pullmantur being affected by H1N1. Both Royal Caribbean International and Pullmantur were impacted by H1N1.
Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets: It is about $0.27 for the whole year, correct, for ’09?
Brian Rice: That’s correct.
Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, okay. Okay. So again, Pullmantur will be yield accretive in 2010?
Brian Rice: Well, we don’t provide segment reporting, but I’ve tried to indicate that we are feeling better about Pullmantur. The economy is clearly not better, but the management team is doing very good job operating in a very tough environment.
Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you, Brian, on that. And then just a little more color, Dan or Adam, whoever. Can you give us a magnitude of the premiums, a lot of estimates out there, including the premiums that Oasis is getting versus the rest of the fleet of Solstice versus the rest of the Celebrity flat? And then in your commentary regarding onboard spending, of those premiums that you’re getting on the ticket side, directionally if you are getting a 30% premium on tickets versus a fleet, how are onboard as a percent versus the fleet? It’s sort of the same directional type of question.
Dan Hanrahan: Tim, it’s Dan. That was a brilliantly asked question.
Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets: Thank you.
Dan Hanrahan: Unfortunately we don’t give out the detail on that. But it is better. I mean, we are pleased. And we are seeing it better on Solstice class in ticket, and Solstice class in onboard, I can’t give the quantifiable details, but I can tell you that we are very pleased and we are seeing similar things. Obviously we don’t know what onboard will be yet for Eclipse. We haven’t taken delivery, but we are seeing similar things on the ticket side.
Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. I mean, directionally, is it a little -- would you say if your premiums are up 50%, would your on-boards be 25%? Would it be -- I mean, would it be half of the rate of ticket plus or minus over that half of the rate of the ticket premiums?
Dan Hanrahan: It’s less than that. We are seeing more of an increase on tickets than we are on onboard. We are seeing a nice increase in onboard, but we are getting more in tickets.
Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, okay. Thank you, gentlemen.
Dan Hanrahan: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sharon Zackfia.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair & Company: Good morning. I think there has been a lot of chatter about the Oasis and maybe a cannibalization of other ships in the Caribbean. Could you address that for Royal Caribbean specifically? Excuse me.
Adam Goldstein: Hi, Sharon, this is Adam.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair & Company: Hi.
Adam Goldstein: Well, I mentioned again earlier that in general we are pleased with what we are seeing in our Caribbean product portfolio. It’s early in the wave and understand that we have a tremendous amount of Caribbean cruises to sell this year. And what Oasis has done for us and Allure will also do for us is allow the continued global expansion of our fleets. So independence [ph], let’s say, a year from now, the next coming winter, won’t even be in the Caribbean. So we have the sort of domino effect, which sort of tampers the overall Caribbean capacity growth and increases our global growth. That’s (inaudible) by bringing the big ship into Fort Lauderdale and the other ships going out. So Freedom-class ships are still very formidable ships in the industry, which is why we are so pleased that Oasis is getting the premium that she is getting over them and other ships even though they continue to be very strong competitors in the marketplace. And so I would think overall the tremendous publicity that we’ve got in connection with Oasis launch have strengthened the brand in general.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair & Company: I guess separately for both Royal Caribbean and Celebrity, you saw some nice sequential tick-up in onboard spending, at least a year-over-year improvement. Can you talk about where you are seeing that improvement on both brands?
Richard Fain: I’ll just comment. I think it’s across the board. We are seeing better beverage sales, we are seeing -- the shops are doing better, the casinos are doing better, the -- you name it. The spas doing very well on both ships. It’s really across the board for two reasons, one, the -- three reasons actually. One, the facilities are better and larger and more opportunity. Secondly, we also have we think better systems in place. And that’s coming back to the earlier question, one of the things that helps us the benefit goes to other ships because the new systems that we put in place on both Oasis and Solstice to expand to be better able to lever the service on both ships, we retrofit to other ships. And so that’s helping us. And lastly, there is -- people pay more for their cruise and they are enjoying their cruise a lot. And so I think people tend to feel a little bit freer with their money. So it’s really across the board. It’s not that there is one area that’s just overwhelmingly dramatic.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Assia Georgieva.
Assia Georgieva – Stanford Financial Group: Adam and I think John Weis, who is probably not on the call, I wanted to congratulate you on the Solstice and efforts that you’ve made towards helping the Haiti population. So I wonder if everyone on the call can actually pledge to themselves to contribute at least $1,000, I think it would be a worthwhile effort. So again, keep up the good work and I’m sure the island nation appreciates the fact that you are back there and helping them out. Going into the results for Q1 expectations, there is about a $20 million expectation of a benefit, which I think is about $0.09 a share. Would you comment on that? Maybe Brian, you can take this up.
Brian Rice: Sure, Assia. Originally, this deal -- and hats off to Dan Hanrahan and his team and our attorneys on this deal -- was really negotiated on the courthouse steps right before it was scheduled to get a trial. And we wanted to get a press release out quickly. There were pretty much two components to that. The first is the $0.30 that we had originally announced. And there are some deferred cash aspects of the negotiation that are to be realized over future years. And we’ve come to realize here towards the end of our close that the revenue recognition for that has to be taken in the first quarter where we had originally thought that that would be a deferred recognition. And that’s where the extra $0.09 came from.
Assia Georgieva – Stanford Financial Group: In addition to the $65 million or $68 million, you’re going to be receiving additional money?
Brian Rice: Correct. There will be an additional $20 million that could come in up to five years time. But because of the accounting policies, the certainty of those payments, we have to recognize it in the first quarter.
Assia Georgieva – Stanford Financial Group: But in terms of the balance sheet, in your liquidity, the $68 million you have now?
Brian Rice: Well, when the deal is absolutely finalized, we will get the $68 million in the first quarter. The other $20 million is deferred over time, though it will help liquidity in the first quarter.
Assia Georgieva – Stanford Financial Group: So you could pay a dividend at about half the rate of what you used to have and that kind of will help you pay that dividend for at least 2010?
Brian Rice: Well, we’ve not made any announcement about any change in our dividend policy.
Assia Georgieva – Stanford Financial Group: Okay. And the second question -- and Brian, that’s again for you. Net cruise costs being up 1.5% in Q1, is that Pullmantur-related, is that the core business? What is driving that?
Brian Rice: Well, we’ve said that net cruise costs will be up around 1% in Q1. Again, that is on an as-reported basis. If you adjust for currency, we’ve said it will be flat to probably down slightly. It really is timing of expenses. It’s not anything specific to Pullmantur. We are in a lot of developmental markets, more during the winter season, as we try to develop new markets to help smooth out our earnings. So you might have a little bit of disproportionate spending in Q1, but nothing material.
Assia Georgieva – Stanford Financial Group: Any dry docks that might be a greater proportion this year versus the 2009 Q1?
Dan Hanrahan: Assia, this is Dan. Nothing in the first quarter in terms of dry docks, with Celebrity Constellation goes in the dry dock in the second quarter. And we will be doing a revitalization at that time, but not Q1.
Assia Georgieva – Stanford Financial Group: Okay. All right. Thank you so much.
Adam Goldstein: You’re welcome. This is Adam. I just wanted to add to that the Royal Caribbean does have dry docks in the first quarter, but nothing out of the ordinary. And I also wanted to thank you for your comments related to Haiti, which I think --
Assia Georgieva – Stanford Financial Group: Yes, I think very helpful what you and John Weis have been doing in terms of -- relating (inaudible). So thank you, Adam.
Adam Goldstein: Right. Well, that’s the way the publicity works, but I think it’s important to note that this has been (inaudible) of support from across the company and involving many others. And this is a country that required enormous reconstruction before the earthquake and now has entered into another dimension. So your thoughts are very much appreciated.
Assia Georgieva – Stanford Financial Group: And your efforts, I hope that you just are able to continue to bring supplies on the ships.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Malhotra [ph].
Kevin Malhotra: Good morning, everyone. I was hoping -- Richard had noted that yields would still be positive for the remaining portion of the fleet, excluding Oasis and Solstice. I was hoping you would provide some color on what sort of contribution the newer hardware is putting on. Additionally, with the fuel hedge guidance that you gave here, I was hoping you could give us on the levels of crude where the hedge component is pricing at it right now. Thank you.
Brian Rice: Kevin, I don’t have a whole lot of details on the hedging in front of me. If you could follow up with Ian after the call, I think he’d be happy to try and help you through that. In terms of directionally on yields, we’ve said that the majority of our yield accretion in 2010 is being driven by the Oasis and Solstice-class vessel. We made the comment in the press release and Richard also mentioned that the base fleet is contributing to yield accretion in 2010 as well, which I think is a little bit of a change in how people were perceiving, how the market is shaping up in 2010. I think there was a lot of feeling that we were becoming a one trick pony, if you will, and that it was really the newer vessels that were driven that. And what we are trying to say now is the 39 ships that make up our fleet in aggregate are contributing.
Kevin Malhotra: Okay. And just one last question on the dividend, I know you haven’t updated your methodology, but I was wondering -- is it a prerequisite to get to investment grade before you start paying that out, or is it more of a general feeling that cash flows, return on invested capital and EPS continue to move in the right direction? Is that getting more comfortable to begin to reinstate that dividend level?
Brian Rice: It clearly is up to our Board of Directors, but at this time, we discontinued the dividend. We know it’s something that shareholders value, but we don’t have any current plans to do so. We don’t have any restrictions in terms of when we are allowed to continue it other than it’s at the discretion of our Board of Directors.
Kevin Malhotra: Okay. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Brian Rice: Okay. Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. Your final question is from the line of David Leibowitz.
David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management: Good morning. Briefly, could you tell us the number of years it will take to earn your full investment on both Solstice-class ships and Oasis-class ships versus the rest of the fleets?
Brian Rice: David, we really have never provided that level of detail. We don’t do --
David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management: Does mean you can’t change now.
Brian Rice: We don’t think we will do so today.
David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management: Okay. Second question. If the -- any new-build outside of what’s already on the books will not be available until 2013. And by everybody’s admission, you will be slowing down the number of new-builds. How do you want to at the same time enter new markets, keep your same share of markets in existing markets where you clearly are getting very fine pricing, and lastly, at the same time, replace any number of the 15 vessels, which will be 15 to 30 years old at that time?
Adam Goldstein: Hi, David, it’s Adam. And those are all certainly good questions that we spend a lot of time thinking through in our strategic planning process. And we are fortunate that we have a good number of ships, including the recent new-builds and the ones still coming that we’ve been able to make the meaningful statement in the markets that we determine were a priority for our company. And we have now six brands that we are involved with that serve those purposes for us in various parts of the world. So we do have to make strong and difficult trade-off decisions. But when you look forward -- or when we look forward, I should say, we feel like we can get the capacity in the markets, which are growing or can be made to grow, and we can compete successfully all over the world with varying market share. So there will be a slowdown that’s fairly inevitable when we are talking about 2013. It’s the likely timeframe for any potential ordering that we could do in the future. So we have to be very sharply focused on the decisions that we make about market penetration. But we are pretty comfortable though we can get capacity where it needs to be for the near future.
David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management: But you are also going to withdraw capacity with ships that are 15 to 30 years old.
Adam Goldstein: We have -- we are operating the ships -- I'll speak for the Royal Caribbean International fleet. We’ve got Monarch and Majesty of the Seas, which are nearly 20 years old, which are still very solid parts of our guest offering and are attracting significant numbers of first-time cruisers into the short cruise market. Some of those people are graduating to be cruisers with us for longer lengths of time in other parts of the world. So with our refurbishment and maintenance programs and our dedication to product quality, we can continue to operate very successfully with ships in that age range.
Richard Fain: If I could just add on that as it relates to something Dan said earlier when he was talking about Solsticizing some of the Millennium ships as part of the launch of Celebrity’s Designed For You platform. We really -- one of the things that’s unique about our fleet, of course we are very proud of the new ships and they are doing extremely well, and we look forward to benefiting from those that are yet to deliver because we have more ships coming. But I think the other thing that we should emphasize is, historically our ships have been particularly well designed and not of the moment, but these are lasting designs. And also we’ve been able to take some of the benefit from the new ships and some of the features and put them back. So for example, when we started with the rock-climbing wall that obviously became an icon of the Royal brand, we retrofitted that on older ships. As Dan mentioned, we are in the process of taking some of the exciting features on the Solstice ships and retrofitting on the Millennium ships and that has been very powerful for us. So I do think there is a fair amount of opportunity and I think we shouldn’t forget that.
David Leibowitz – Horizon Asset Management: Okay. Thank you very much.
Brian Rice: All right. Well, we’d like to thank everyone for joining us today, and as I mentioned before, Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-ups you may have. And we wish everybody a wonderful day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian J. Rice - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Richard D. Fain - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Adam Goldstein – President, CEO Royal Caribbean International Dan Hanrahan – President, CEO Celebrity Cruises Ian Bailey – VP IR
Analysts: Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital  Robin Farley - UBS Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein Samir Bendriss - Pareto Securities Scott Barry - Credit Suisse Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning. My name is Felicia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited third quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Brian Rice, you may begin your conference. 
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Felicia. I would like to thank each of you for joining us this morning for our third quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations. During this call, we will be referring to a number of slides which we have posted Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you of our notice about forward-looking statements which you will see on the first slide. During this call, we will be making comments which are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures which are non-GAAP as defined by Regulation G and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin the call with his comments. I will follow with a brief recap of the third quarter, update our forward guidance, and comment on the recent demand environment. Adam and Dan will then talk more about our brands and then we will open the call for your questions. Richard. 
Richard D. Fain: Thanks, Brian and good morning, everyone. I am going to leave most of the facts and figures for Brian to discuss in greater detail but from our release this morning, you can see that we had a better third quarter than we were expecting. Folks are continuing to vacation, the value of a cruise vacation continues to resonate very well and to achieve occupancy levels north of 105% this summer despite the environment that we are navigating I think really speaks volumes about the product we are offering and how it is perceived by the consumer.  Unfortunately, we are also seeing more pronounced seasonality than is the norm and we are giving the upside that we enjoyed in the third quarter back in the fourth. I would prefer simpler patterns but this kind of seasonal swings are common and they are consistent with our earlier view of the world.  Now, I freely admit that I am not happy with the returns we are generating. Frankly, I don’t know any CEO who is today but I think the term returns in that sense is key. We have undertaken a number of systemic and cultural actions over the past 18 months that have helped us generate positive returns even during this cycle. But the real key to our future is the leverage that these decisions will have going forward as we inevitably will experience a rebound.  Now I want to make it clear -- we haven’t yet seen that rebound. The recent news have been full of reports that the economy is rebounding or is about to be rebounding but we have not seen any evidence of that in our bookings to date. Neither I nor any prudent business person is predicting when that rebound will occur but we all know that these cycles do eventually work themselves through.  Now in reviewing the basket of profitability actions that we have undertaken, expense initiatives are front and center. Our management team has done a terrific job in instilling cultural changes in how we think about cost management at the company. And as you can see from the 2010 cost goal in our press release, we are working hard to solidify this progress on an ongoing basis. We have also been proactive in our approach to manage fuel risk as you can see in our continuous strategy. And we are managing our balance sheet more cautiously as well.  I’d like to stop for a second and point out that I have made it this far in my comments and not even mentioned Oasis of the Seas. Actually, that’s intentional. Our new hardware, not only Oasis but also the Solstice class of ships, are integral components in the direction we are taking the company. They are both incredibly successful and even in this market will produce respectable returns.  For 2010, Oasis and Solstice ships will account for about 18% of our fleet and by 2013 Oasis, Solstice, and Freedom class ships will comprise about half of our total berths. But these newer vessels are just one component of a powerful combination going forward. The three items that make up that combination are cost discipline, international expansion, and unbeatable hardware. I really feel that with the eventual uplift from the consumer, we will be able to make short order of deleveraging, improving our credit ratings, and meaningful moving the dial on corporate returns.  There is still a lot of work to be done. There is always more work to be done and improvements to be made but I feel that we are well positioned to ride out what remains of this cycle and to take off when the rebound becomes more tangible.  That said, I am going to take just a moment to chest beat about the Oasis, because she is truly beyond compare. She truly does defy description. You really need to experience her to have a comprehension of what an incredible offering this ship is for our guests and our investors as well. Are you are aware, we took delivery of her this past Wednesday. She is now on her way from Turku to Fort Lauderdale, where she will home port. Revenue service begins December 1 and we will spend from now until then showing her off to the travel trade. Bookings remain strong and she continues to command the lead pricing in the category.  With that, I’m happy to turn it back to Brian. 
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Richard. I would like to briefly go through the third quarter results, which we had summarized on the second slide. In the third quarter, our earnings per share were $1.07, better than our previous guidance of between $0.95 and $1.00. Net yields were better than forecast but were down 16.5% as compared to our guidance of down approximately 18%. Ticket revenue benefited from stronger than expected close in bookings, especially in Alaska and Europe. On-board revenue was also slightly stronger than we had forecasted.  As we mentioned on our last call, the H1N1 virus cost us about 2 percentage points of yield in the quarter. Overall, relative to last year, Alaska was the weakest performer in the quarter and the Caribbean was the strongest. Our load factors were down about 2.5 percentage points from last year but we still managed to sail at over 105% of capacity. Our international markets performed especially well and non-U.S. guests accounted for 43% of our customers in the third quarter. Net cruise costs per APCD came in 10% lower than the same time last year. During the quarter, we reached an agreement to sell Pullmantur’s Atlantic Star. While we anticipate the sale will close in the fourth quarter, we did take a charge of approximately $0.03 per share related to a small write-down, the cost of the sale, and acceleration of dry dock expenses. Absent this charge, our costs were consistent with our guidance.  Our fuel expense was $146 million, which was in line with our prior guidance. Our net cruise costs per APCD excluding fuel were 3.8% lower than the same time last year, with the costs associated with the Atlantic Star sale being the only noteworthy change from guidance.  Below the line in other income and expenses, we had a correction to the statutory rate for an accrued tax liability related to our purchase of Pullmantur that resulted in a $12.3 million gain.  In summary, we beat the midpoint of our previous earnings per share guidance by about a dime, most of which came from the strength of close in demand.  Now I’d like to provide you with an update on bookings. As Richard said in our press release, the booking environment remains fairly consistent and relatively stable. With that said, we are still seeing more volatility in our forecast than we would like. We have seen some early signs of a possibly expanding booking curve but it is still quite contracted by normal standards. We also have several new products in emerging markets and since these products tend to be shorter in duration and closer to the guest’s home, they also tend to have a closer in booking pattern.  Clearly we finished the third quarter with stronger bookings than we had anticipated and looking out to the summer of 2010, we are encouraged by the early peak season demand. On the other hand, we continue to see slow demand for Mexican Riviera cruises and demand out of Spain and the State of Florida is weaker due to their more difficult economies.  For the fourth quarter of this year and the first two quarters of 2010, our cumulative booked load factors are still running behind this same time last year but we are seeing a rapid recovery and with new bookings running more than 40% ahead of last year since mid-September, we expect to see higher book load factors in all quarters before year-end.  On slide 3, we have updated the booking and pricing graph we have shown on the last few calls for our fourth quarter departures. As a reminder, the green line illustrates the change in the volume of new business versus the same time last year by booking. The blue line shows the corresponding year-over-year pricing changes to the new business. The trend for volume has been very favourable since the summer and pricing since the beginning of October is now running higher than at the same time last year. A year ago, we were probably at the low point of demand and our prices were falling significantly. As a consequence, the improvement you see here is mostly a function of easier comparables.  As I mentioned previously, the peak season was better than we expected but it now appears that the traditionally weaker fourth quarter will be worse than we had previously thought. Our holiday sailings have required more discounting than we anticipated and our low season Caribbean cruises are being hurt by Florida’s weaker economy.  During the low season, we traditionally source close to 20% of our Caribbean guests from Florida. This year with 11% unemployment in the state and a very bad real estate market, we have seen our demand from Florida for the fall season drop by double-digits.  Looking out into the first quarter, on slide four you can see guest demand to date has followed a very similar demand pattern to the last few quarters and since the late summer, bookings have outpaced the same time last year.  Cumulatively, we are still slightly behind the year ago but with the accelerated pace of new bookings, we expect to see more booked than at the same time last year relatively soon. We believe it is still early to provide you with specific guidance for the first quarter but if you will turn to slide 5, we wanted to give you some insights into the pricing environment for the first quarter and show why we are still anticipating yield accretion.  What we have tried to illustrate with this chart is how the pricing environment for first quarter sailings in 2010 and 2009 compares to a more normal year -- in this case, 2008. The horizontal line across the middle represents an index of 2008 pricing. The orange line compares our average rate for 200 sailings for each booking week. As you can see, for first quarter sailings in 2009, new bookings taken through the month of October had solid pricing as compared to 2008. But as you know, after the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the AIG bailout, demand dropped off dramatically and we were forced to begin significant discounting. The net result was a 13.5% yield decline in the first quarter of 2009.  Now the blue line compares the average rates we are getting for the first quarter sailings in 2010 again in comparison to 2008. And while our rates consistently compare favourably to 2008, I would caution that the weighting of the Oasis of the Seas and the Solstice class vessels, which have had a greater proportion of their inventories sold at this point, heavily influences this.  On slide six, we have provided the same graph, again comparing to 2008 but stripped out the effect of Oasis and Solstice class. We are often asked about how same-store sales are performing but I would like to remind you that when new ships are delivered, we tend to place them in strong established itineraries. The incumbent vessels are often redeployed into new developmental markets so the comparison is not the same as in many other industries.  We will not be providing guidance by ship class but thought it would be useful to show you how the non-Oasis and Solstice class are performing. Bear in mind that 2008 is a very tough comparable in this environment but we find it reassuring that the volatility we are experiencing is significantly less than it was at this same time last year, and we believe we have a much better read on the consumer.  In aggregate, our forecast range is still quite wide but we do believe we have better yields -- we will have better yields in the first quarter of 2010 than we did in 2009, driven by the performance of our newest vessels and avoidance of the type of dramatic discounting we experienced last year.  On slide seven, we have provided our updated guidance for the fourth quarter and full year. For the year, we expect yields to be down approximately 14% on an as-reported basis and down 12% to 13% after adjusting for changes in currency. We expect yields to be down between 7% and 8% in the fourth quarter, much better than the last few quarters but not quite what we had hoped for.  On the cost side, we expect net cruise costs to be down approximately 10% for the fourth quarter and down approximately 10% for the full year. After adjusting for currency, we expect net cruise costs to be down 11% to 12% for the fourth quarter and 8% to 9% for the full year.  We have included $596 million of fuel expense for the year and $158 million for the fourth quarter in our guidance based on current pricing.  We are 40% hedged for the fourth quarter and we are now hedged approximately 50% for both 2010 and 2011 and 10% for 2012.  We are forecasting a slight loss in the fourth quarter and earnings per share for the year of approximately $0.70.  Finally, I would like to point out that we ended the third quarter with approximately $1.1 billion in liquidity.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Adam for his comments about the Royal Caribbean International brand. 
Adam Goldstein: Thank you, Brian and good morning, everyone. Further to Brian’s comments, overall for 2009 we expect to source 40% of our company’s total business from outside the United States and then more than 40% in 2010. Although the winter season is upon us, we still have limited visibility to the performance of our products that depends more on sourcing of non-U.S. customers. It does appear that Rhapsody of the Seas in Australia/New Zealand will enjoy improved year-over-year performance. For our products in Asia, Dubai, Brazil, and Panama, it is too early to tell.  Further to Richard’s comments, Oasis of the Seas is on her fourth day now of her transit from the shipyard in Turku, Finland to her new home in Port Everglade, Florida. Those of us who participated in the delivery ceremonies in Turku last week watched a remarkable transition on an hour by hour basis as an amazing cruise ship emerged from the very final stages of the construction process. Although we should not have been surprised after working so intensively on the project for nearly six years, Oasis of the Seas is beyond all of our expectations. We are extremely keen to show her off and we will do so with inaugural cruises from November 19th to December 1st. Before that from November 11th to 19th among other things, we will be planting approximately 12,000 plants and trees in Central Park.  The revenue outlook for Oasis of the Seas is very promising. For 2010, she is significantly more booked than any other ship in our fleet at rates that reflect the higher premium to our freedom class than either Freedom of the Seas or Voyager of the Seas attained in their relation to their immediate predecessors. We expect the already large and rapidly growing publicity surrounding her delivery to further bolster her performance.  There has been some speculation regarding Oasis of the Seas short-term booking position. It has always been our intention to carefully ratchet up her load factor as we acclimate to delivering the wow on such an unprecedented ship. We are confident about Oasis of the Seas value proposition at the premium she is commanding and we are not utilizing the discounting techniques that are apparent across much of the cruise space.  We are now forecasting lower load factors in December than we originally anticipated but it may be that we can mitigate even these very short-term reductions during the inaugural period.  Dan. 
Dan Hanrahan: Thank you, Adam. It’s been an exciting summer with the successful debut of Equinox in July and most recently Celebrities recognition by Conde Nest travellers magazine’s annual readers’ choice awards, which ranked Celebrity number one in the new mega ship cruise lines category. This is truly a testament to the way the consumer is reacting to Celebrity Solstice and Celebrity Equinox. We continue to be pleased with the reaction these ships have received and are confident that they will continue to be transformative for the Celebrity brand. As I mentioned on the last call, the Solstice class will represent almost 40% of Celebrity’s capacity next year.  In addition to a successful launch of Equinox, we made a number of product delivery updates that we believe will have a very positive effect on the repeat rate of our guests. We launched an upgraded Captain’s Club loyalty program that has met with rave review from our guests. We also launched a new onboard activities program we call Celebrity Life that increases the breadth and depth of activities we offer to our guests. Although early, we are very pleased with our guests’ reaction to the program. We believe both will enhance guest satisfaction and increase our guests’ repeat rates without increasing our net cruise cost.  We had healthy close in demand for our cruises in both Europe and Alaska this past summer and both volumes and rates came in a bit higher than what we had thought on our previous call. Booking volume for Europe cruises through the fall has also held up well, as the Mediterranean season is now coming to a close. Our Solstice class ships are continuing to command healthy premiums.  In the Caribbean, we haven’t been immune to some of the Christmas and late fall issues you heard about earlier in the call. However, we continue to be pleased by the results of our efforts to build our brand beyond the U.S. market. We are seeing a high number of bookings coming from outside the U.S. in our longer Caribbean cruises operating from South Florida this fall and winter.  Celebrity’s on-board revenue results in the third quarter exceeded our expectations. [inaudible] excursions in particular were strong across the fleet. Solstice and Equinox continue to perform well and exceeded our expectations in most on-board revenue areas.  While it is a bit soon to make any predictions about the 2010 Europe and Alaska season, early indications are encouraging, especially for Equinox and for Eclipse, our first ship dedicated to the U.K. market, which will operate summer cruises from South Hampton. The reaction of the U.K. market to the Eclipse has been exciting as early bookings have been quite strong.  I’d now like to turn the call back to Brian. Brian. 
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Dan. We would now like to open the call to your questions. As a reminder, we ask that you limit your questions to no more than two. If you have more, we’d be happy to discuss them with you after the call. Felicia. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wells Fargo. 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: Thank you. Brian, just from a clarity standpoint, again on the first quarter and 2010 net yields, do you expect them to be positive in absolute terms or just up year over year? To clarify that -- secondly, if you -- based on one of the slides that you showed there, and just another clarification point, can you give us some more color on the -- let’s call it legacy core fleet and how the cannibalization is tracking there versus your expectations? And then obviously separating that from the Oasis and the Solstice class ships. 
Brian J. Rice: Sure, Tim. For the first quarter and the full year, we are expecting both will have higher yields in the corresponding period in ’09. 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: Positive in absolute terms, you are saying?
Brian J. Rice: Yes. 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: Okay. 
Brian J. Rice: And that would include ticket, on board, and core revenue as well. 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: Okay. 
Brian J. Rice: And as we looked at the slide for first quarter, we tried to give a little bit of clarity into what you called our legacy vessels. I think one of the points that I was trying to make is cannibalization is less what I would use to define if there is an impact on the legacy ships. I think it is more going into development markets that we believe is very important for our future and oftentimes those markets will take a year or two to really see for us. But similar to the investments that we were making in some of the major European markets a few years ago, those markets are really paying off for us. We are expanding into some of the markets that Adam mentioned that we believe it’s a little too early to get a read on.  I want to emphasize that the charts that we showed was really benchmarking our current pricing environment relative to ’08 and if you recall in ’09, we had a 13.5% yield deterioration in the first quarter of ’09. That’s a tough benchmark. But the legacy vessels as you’ve called them seem to be holding their own at this point and I think the two things that I would call out why we are anticipating yield accretion is the performance of the newer vessels, which we do have the benefit of those vessels and they will be included in our results and they are performing exceptionally well, as well as the fact that we don’t expect that sort of rapid acceleration at discounting that we incurred last year when we were all -- all businesses were kind of shocked by the effects of the economy. 
Richard D. Fain: I think I’d like to add something, maybe a semantic comment -- I understand you want to distinguish between the very newest ships and the rest of the fleet. But I think I would prefer we find a better term than legacy vessels. The other ships are the bulk of our fleet. Actually we think in general, the older ships are terrific ships in comparison to the rest of the industry anyhow and I think that we think most of them are quite strong competitors and will continue to be. I think perhaps what causes a little bit of confusion is that the Solstice class, for example, have been so well-received and the Oasis class, which you haven’t seen yet but is still very well-received and getting a lot of publicity and so they are truly extraordinary. But I think we ought to try and look for a better terminology there. 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: Okay, we apologize for that. 
Richard D. Fain: No, no, I just think -- it’s nice to have that problem that we have, to find a way to distinguish between some wonderful ships and some really wonderful ships. 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: And along that line, Adam, can you give any more quantification of what you are seeing the premium or Richard, whoever wants to answer this, the premiums on the Oasis class versus Freedom versus the Voyager class?
Adam Goldstein: Well, we are not going to be specific about that but it is certainly well into double-digit premiums over -- of Oasis of the Seas in comparison to Freedom class. And Freedom Class, I think you will remember at the time we were delighted with her, the premiums that she was commanding in relation to Voyager of the Seas. So they are very healthy class-to-class premiums. 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo: Okay, great. Thank you, gentlemen. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital : So Brian, you guys have spent, and Adam and Dan, have spent a good part of the call kind of talking about the outlook and what you are seeing and Brian, your charts are really helpful, giving us a detailed overview on where the first quarter could come out and kind of supporting your belief of why you are still reiterating your forecast that they would be up.  What I am just wondering and I am just having -- trying to get my arms around this is you talked about in the quarter volatility in short-term bookings window, which you are not happy about but it kind of is what it is right now. When you -- I am sure that with your sophisticated net yield forecasting systems that you have, you bake that volatility into your first quarter outlook but I am just wondering with that as a variable, how are you still so confident that yields could be up in the first quarter?
Brian J. Rice: One of the comments I made is our range is still quite wide for the first quarter and the reason we are not calling out specific guidance right now is concern over the close in volatility. I think what gives us the assurance is if you look at that one chart that I showed with the Oasis and the Solstice class, our build throughout the lifecycle of first quarter sailings being open for sale has consistently been above ’08 levels and with that, you can imply the type of average rates that we would have on the books for the first quarter.  Now, we recognize the fact that a lot of that is being weighted by Oasis and Solstice class and as we get closer to sailing, some of the lower yielding products begin to take a disproportionate amount of the business and we do expect that line to come down. But even baking that in, we feel pretty good at this point that we will have yield improvement in the first quarter.  But to your point, there is still a lot of volatility and that is why we are not providing a specific range yet for the first quarter. 
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital : Okay, but as far as your budgeting is concerned, there is a wide range?
Brian J. Rice: Well, we actually -- we are right in the midst of our budgeting process and we certainly had a midpoint that we are assuming and we also have a lot of upside and downside to that number. And we are not prepared to share those plans just yet, until we see more of what occurs.  You know, the environment for the last six or seven weeks has been tremendous relative to last year but because of the more contracted booking cycle, we did have some ground to make up and we are in the process of learning every day and while pricing certainly is much, much more stable than it was this time last year, it is still subject to a bit of volatility as we get closer to sailing. 
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital : Okay, so it doesn’t even sound like if I asked you if you are looking at low-single-digit increase to high, you’re not going to comment on that?
Brian J. Rice: No, we are not ready to give that sort of specificity yet. 
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital : Okay, and then just a final question is I’m just wondering, your capacity for 2010 has changed a bit in terms of the percentage change. Can you just talk to that?
Brian J. Rice: Yeah, the biggest thing is the Atlantic Star which also goes by the name previously of Skywonder, that’s the ship that had been scheduled to go into Mexico earlier this year and she was effectively laid up the second half of this year. And as we looked at that vessel, we thought we had a buyer out there, we thought it was prudent to sell her. We had been improving the fleet with Pullmantur, with a lot of -- some of our original fleet for Royal Caribbean and Celebrity and this was an opportunity to get rid of a ship that wasn’t of the best use for us and when that ship goes out, that will lower our capacity a little bit for next year. 
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital : Okay, so the capacity changes that we are seeing are more driven by that versus changing the -- maybe having more longer cruises versus shorter cruises?
Brian J. Rice: Yeah, that wouldn’t affect capacity because our capacity is what we call based on available passenger cruise days, so whether the ship is in a seven night or a three/four night, the calculation is still the same. 
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital : Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS: I just wanted to clarify a couple of things -- in Q4, the lower EPS guidance, and I know you lowered yield guidance, I would have thought that the EPS would have been down more but it looks like your expense guidance ex-fuel is quite a bit better than previous guidance. I wonder if you could give some color on what is kind of new on that front, that is going to be helping the EPS number.  And then also just a clarification on your commentary on Q1 -- I know you said a wide range. I imagine you are talking sort of as-reported yield changes and I am wondering if you could say with currency held constant whether you are still certain it would be in the positive range or if it’s currency that’s getting it over the hump.  And then if I could just ask one other clarification -- Adam’s comments about occupancy of the Oasis; in December, you mentioned it’s going to be a little bit of a lower load factor in December than you had anticipated. I was just trying to clarify -- were you trying to communicate that you are holding back more inventory for operational reasons as you start ramping up or that you are holding back inventory to protect pricing? I just want to make sure I understand what that comment was. Thanks. 
Brian J. Rice: On the first couple of questions, on Q4 I am kind of looking at our reconciliation here and our net cruise cost ex bunker are slightly favourable to our prior guidance but not significantly. The only other thing that you might want to consider looking at is our bunker guidance. I think our new bunker guidance may be a little bit less than many people have modeled out there. 
Robin Farley - UBS: No, I was looking at the number ex bunker and I know that it’s only a slightly a percentage, 1 to 2 percentage points better but considering that currency would have made that number a little bit worse, that maybe your expense guidance constant currency, you are improving even a little bit more then, it looks like. So I just wondered if there were particular areas or what is driving that. 
Brian J. Rice: I think on the cost side it is really what Richard talked about. It’s just a systemic cultural focus on this. There’s nothing specific that I would call out in Q4. I think the brands have continued to do a terrific job of focusing on costs and we are all disappointed with having to lower our revenue guidance slightly in Q4 and I think the brands have rallied as best they can without compromising the guest experience but there is nothing specific that I would call out there.  On the first quarter, I would say that both on a constant dollar and as reported basis and for the full year, our operating plans right now point toward favourable yield performance as compared to ’09 but again, we are going to stay away on this call from specific guidance about that.  And I guess I’ll let Adam answer the Oasis question. 
Adam Goldstein: Thank you. I would like to answer in two parts, if I could -- with respect to operational reasons, we have always had the intention of reducing the amount of load factor that we would take on on the early sailings, going back a long time because of the newness of this class of ship and all of the different features and choices that our operational people need to master. So that’s always been the case.  Part two is with respect to the amount of capacity that is for sale, we are definitely protecting our pricing division, if you will, because we know the value proposition that exists here and we are simply not prepared to engage in some of the discounting tactics, as I mentioned earlier in my comments, that we see in the cruise space these days.  So it is possible that we will have a slightly lower load factor in the end than we might otherwise have had if we would be more aggressive to sell each last space that we had intended to sell. But it’s also possible, as I noted in my comments earlier, that the inaugural period will be so successful because the ship is so phenomenal that even that potential small deficit will go away. 
Richard D. Fain: And Robin, if I could just add something to that, because I think -- which gives me an opportunity to talk a little bit about how the yield management works, a lot of people look to the bookings or go to their travel agent and they find there is space available and say well, if you have a product that is doing so wonderfully, it should be sold out. Someone here described selling out this early as being yield management malpractice. It is simply the way we operate. We would not want to be sold out -- in fact, I think there’s been some news that says that the upper category cabinets are unavailable far into the future and that does mean that we sold those cabinets too cheaply. We should have held them longer.  So there will always be -- this is something we have seen in the press and your question gives me a chance to talk about it on the call to everyone. We will always have space available. That’s sort of the way the yield management system works. 
Robin Farley - UBS: And I understand a lot of buzz that is going to be created over the next month, so when you look out to 2010 to sort of like post inaugural buzz, is the load factor on Oasis something that you, to protect the value proposition, is that something that you would be willing to continue to have sort of below the fleet average? In other words, is this just because of the inaugural buzz driving that closer in booking? Or is this something you are willing to do kind of longer term to protect pricing?
Adam Goldstein: Well, because Oasis of the Seas is in a main Caribbean route and will be very powerful with the family segment and has a lot of third and fourth berth opportunities built into her, I would expect her occupancy next year and in the future to be at least at the fleet average. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. Thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Janet Brashear of Sanford Bernstein.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: First question, can you tell us if he H1N1 is in your forward guidance and whether it is or isn’t, what your expectation is going forward for that?
Richard D. Fain: H1N1 and anything related to it would be in our guidance on the basis that we obviously have a lot of experience with it as of this year. We are not seeing very much H1N1 incidents on our ships at the moment, which is something that we are quite pleased about. We’ve been able to take advantage of the relatively little incidents of it over recent months to really work very carefully around the world with a wide variety of destinations inside and outside the Caribbean to make sure that the protocols are understood between the cruise industry and the ports of call, that people know who to speak with if they have any concerns. As a matter of fact, our Chief Medical Officer right now is sort of on rounds in several key places in the world these two weeks exactly doing that. So we are optimistic with regard to the medical capabilities of our ships, our sanitation procedures, and our ability to minimize the impact of H1N1 on board our ship and we believe that the public is understanding since April and May when the illness turned out to be not as severe as was originally feared, that while it is a public health issue it’s not a particular issue for the cruise industry. 
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: And other trends, as you look towards next year and the European Union and their tighter fuel standards that they are starting to impose, what fuel changes will that require you to make relative to your mix of fuels? Do you feel like you are already operating within those standards now or that you will have to change your mix more in favor of the higher grade fuels?
Dan Hanrahan: It won't be much next year but we look very carefully at it and as we are working on our plan, you heard Brian say earlier that we are still in the planning process but we do know that it won't be a significant number for us next year. And as we have always said on these calls, that we look at what we can do to mitigate our fuel consumption constantly, and we are constantly looking for ways to lower our consumption. But it won't be a big number next year. 
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Samir Bendriss with Pareto Securities.
Samir Bendriss - Pareto Securities: Two questions, one on the Q4 yields and the second on returns on the new vessels. So on the first question, I mean, you are taking down your underlying yields for the year by points adjusting for currency and on my numbers, you are taking down Q4 from about a 4.5% yield relative 7 to 8. Now how much of that is due to what we have seen already in Q4 and how much of that is just based on your concerns about close in bookings for November and then early December? And what I am really getting at is how much of this can we add on to Q1 -- like how much of that uncertainty is there a risk about filtering through to Q1? Second question is on returns -- I mean obviously the Oasis looks to be a fantastic ship but in terms of return on capital, how much is this ship -- can you give any flavor on how much it is generating on today’s pricing, how close to covering cost of capital you are seeing so far?
Brian J. Rice: I’ll take the first part. We had indicative guidance for Q4 of mid-single-digits, so your numbers are pretty good for where you would estimate it from our prior forecast. We are now saying between 7% and 8%.  As I pointed out, what is causing the fourth quarter pressures, we knew Mexico would be weak, we knew Spain would be weak. What kind of came more of a surprise than we expected was the pressure in the State of Florida. We do take a disproportionate number of guests from the State of Florida in the fourth quarter. We are not as reliant upon them in the first quarter so I wouldn’t look for that to be as potentially troublesome as we saw in the fourth quarter.  The other thing that we called out in Q4 in the update of our guidance was really around the Christmas cruises. Christmas fell in an odd place for us this year on Friday and that tends to make it a weaker cruise but we were somewhat surprised by the additional discounting that we had to do when again, that’s not something that we see repeating in the first quarter and we do take into consideration everything that we are seeing in the new bookings and again, that’s why we do still have a fairly wide range for Q1 and don’t want to have specific guidance but again, we reiterate we do think it would be positive. 
Richard D. Fain: And I’ll comment on the question of returns for the newer ships -- we don’t give out the returns, just as we don’t give out other types of segment reporting. And as I mentioned earlier in the call, I think it is important that we not over-emphasize the new ships because as dramatic as they are, the bulk of our fleet and the bulk of our profitability depends on the rest of the fleet. But I can say that they have done -- they are more expensive than normal ships but they are not as much -- they are not commensurately more expensive with how much better they are in terms of their earnings capability. So the result is that even in this market, we can see that they will be a terrific investment for us and if the market improves the way we hope it will, they will be voluminous contributors to our returns -- they will generate enormous concerns, probably -- and I do emphasize it’s not just Oasis. Oasis is getting all the publicity today and obviously I am pleased with that but the Solstice class has also just performed wonderfully and I am pleased with that too.  But we are not prepared to give out more specifics on the performance of individual ships. 
Samir Bendriss - Pareto Securities: So I guess if I read this right, you are saying that despite the high CapEx, it is accretive to return on capital, both the Oasis and the Solstice class ships? Is that correct in interpreting that?
Richard D. Fain: Absolutely correct, thank you. You made that -- that is precisely what I was trying to say. It is accretive, the returns are and will be outstanding. 
Samir Bendriss - Pareto Securities: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Scott Barry of Credit Suisse.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: You mentioned you expect book load factor to be ahead by year-end. Can you give us some sense, given what happened a year ago, given the contraction in the curve, how much more inventory you’ve got to sell for the 4Q/1Q versus a year ago? And then secondly, can you give us some sense for what the percentage repeat cruiser is in ’09, or maybe just some commentary on the short cruise market? Thanks. 
Brian J. Rice: Sure, Scott. As we look into Q4 and Q1, we are down probably low to mid-single digits in terms of our load factor vis-à-vis where we were at this time last year. As you go further out into 2010, we are basically at par. It’s still very early but the booking window seems to be recovering a little bit, although I’d caution it’s still very preliminary. The fact that our bookings for the last seven or eight weeks are up over 40%, we are seeing a very rapid recovery. The booking trends that we are seeing in Q4 and Q1 are strikingly similar to what we saw back in Q3 and Q2. And I think our reservations about Q4 is more the pricing leverage that we will have as we get into those last minute bookings. And I’ll let Adam take your second question. 
Adam Goldstein: It continues to be the case that a little bit more than one-third of our customers are on a cruise for the first time in their lives. There’s been some interest in whether lower pricing in the industry has motivated first-time purchase and it’s probably true to a degree. On the other hand, the lower price points have motivated repeat cruisers who already know the value of cruising to respond and book, and I think the net of those two things is not a tremendous change in the ratio. 
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Great, and then just to follow, Brian, if I could, how much benefit do you get just from having a more consistent booking pattern versus a year ago when “the rudder wasn’t responding”? 
Brian J. Rice: I think it’s a terrific point, Scott, and we are anxiously awaiting mid-December, January timeframe where we will really be more on equal footing. It took us about that amount of time to really calibrate to the new consumer behaviors, both in terms of the booking window and the elasticity and I think it’s one of the reasons we are a little hesitant to give more specific guidance about Q1 in the full year of next year, until we really get to that point where we have crossed over. We do anticipate at that point we will have slightly higher load factors in all quarters and we will be able to see really how the pricing compares to after it took us time to calibrate. But I think it will be that sort of window and from a revenue management standpoint, it will be very valuable because we will now have a lot more year-over-year comparisons that we can lean on and not just trying to read from prior quarters with in many instances different seasonality and product mix. 
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva of Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: Brian, I wanted to follow-up on your comment that this time a year ago, we were basically in shock and I think it’s this specific timeframe, mid-September through late November, early December, so booking volumes being up 40%, shouldn’t be I guess that surprising. Can you compare volumes to a more normal year, such as the same time frame in 2007, and especially if you have that on a capacity adjusted basis?
Brian J. Rice: Assia, I don’t have the numbers you are asking for in front of me but I think your point is exceptionally well taken and probably right on. I would venture to say that the bookings that we are experiencing today would be proportionately equal to slightly higher on a capacity adjusted basis to what we were seeing back in ’07 and ’08. I would lean toward higher because we have more of a load factor deficit than we did back in ’07 and ’08, given the contracted booking window. But to Scott’s point earlier also, I think we are really getting to a point where we have control of the rudder and things are much more consistent with what we would expect to be seeing at this point in time. And your point that the comparable is really what is driving the 40%. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: And a related question specifically because of the great volatility a year ago, it seems from the numbers I was looking at, pricing was down and booking volumes were significantly down until late November and some voyages even in December, yet as [wave] season started, and specifically for Q1 of ’09, there seemed to be some catch-up, some close in strength which I think also helped you beat guidance, that is probably the factor that you are referring to, the volatility that you still expect. Is that correct?
Brian J. Rice: I think again this year we have a much better handle on the consumer. I think our prices are now set much more in proportion to what the consumer is willing to pay where this time a year ago, if you will, we were still fishing for bottom and I think when we provided guidance, we had probably over-shot the mark a little bit in terms of our pessimism and did benefit a little bit as we got our pricing calibrated.  But I think this year is just a fundamentally different sort of experience. I think the curves, if you will, both in terms of the booking patterns, will have fewer peaks and valleys and I think our pricing will remain more consistent certainly than it did a year ago. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research: I certainly hope so. The comparisons, just looking at the year-ago numbers, are so wild that even this year’s consistent pricing makes it difficult to predict, so I understand the difficulty and thank you for providing as much clarification as you can. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Steve Kent of Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: I just had two questions about some of the discounting or some of the pricing issues that you have mentioned. The first one is you mentioned earlier that some of the newer markets are weaker and they are taking time to ramp up and I guess I just want to understand that because I thought the original reason to go into some of these newer markets was that there was less competition and the opportunity was pretty significant so I am surprised that the pricing is lower.  And then the second question is why is that holiday week, just to go back to it again, why is that holiday week so weak and you are discounting more? It should be a peak period for pricing and for occupancy. 
Adam Goldstein: On your first question, first of all these markets that we are going into, we’ve consistently identified as strategic opportunities for our long-term prosperity and we are as optimistic about the long-term development of those markets as we have been in the past. In fact, we’ve been able to get really capable management in on the ground in a number of these places, some of them like in China and Australia just in the last year. And we have the opportunity now to work with travel agents in those regions in a much more meaningful way than we have done in the past.  With respect to the shorter term environment, I think what we were trying to express is that there is less certainty around them. First of all, they are newer markets and they have each been affected by world conditions in their own way. Many of them are shorter term booking environments because the ships are there and they are a home port type market. So as the quarters unfold this winter, we will get a better idea of what is happening there. It’s a little bit hard to project here right at the beginning of November.  So it wasn’t our intention to stress that they are weaker -- simply that there is more uncertainty surrounding what their eventual winter performance will be. 
Brian J. Rice: Steve, in relation to Christmas, we are certainly getting premium pricing for Christmas -- it’s just not nearly the premiums that we have historically received. We are not really sure what the dynamic there is. I will mention that the earlier in the year that the Christmas cruises depart -- for example, many of them are departing on the 19th, 18th -- those tend to be weaker than if you have a Christmas cruise that is departing on say, for example, the 23rd. It is a phenomena that we see very cycle. Frankly, I think we had kind of over-estimated where we thought Christmas might be in this environment and we are getting premiums but just not to our historical standards. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you. 
Brian J. Rice: Felicia, I think we have time for one more question. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Your final question comes from the line of Gregory Badishkanian with Citigroup.
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Just two quick ones -- the first, you mentioned that you saw signs of expanding booking curve but it still contracted. I know Carnival saw I think it was about 15 to 30 days of expansion. Is that kind of the same for you guys?
Brian J. Rice: I think on a macro level that we have seen indications toward 15 to 30 day expansion but I would caution that we are not ready to say that the consumer buying patterns have fundamentally shifted, and we are seeing a little bit of a business mix change. But if you took a normalized itinerary, I think our booking window is probably fairly consistent with what they saying. 
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Right, great, thanks and also just in terms of consumer patterns, just kind of looking across the board, general themes, whether it’s premium versus contemporary -- you know, premium rooms or just even on-board spending, is there some general kind of themes that you have seen over the last few months? Have you seen some improvements? Is that kind of -- would you say that the consumer you think is more apt to, willing to spend more on cruises?
Dan Hanrahan: I can tell you that -- we had a pretty good third quarter for onboard revenue and some of the things that we were seeing that were encouraging is we saw guests booking shore excursions more than they have in the past. We’ve seen some -- we are seeing that they are communicating, so Internet and phone is working well. But the obvious things they are not doing, they are not spending as much money gambling, they are not spending as much money on art. But we did have a reasonably good third quarter third quarter for on-board bookings, or for on-board revenue, that is. How that will hold up in the fourth quarter, it is still too early to tell but we were somewhat pleased with what we saw in the third quarter. 
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Did you see sort of a change the last month or so versus what you saw a few months ago? Are you starting to see -- are you seeing that sort of an improving trend or has it been pretty steady?
Dan Hanrahan: It’s been fairly steady. It’s better than it was at the beginning of the year but I want to be very reluctant to say that we saw a dramatic shift in the way the consumer is spending money on board. 
Gregory Badishkanian - Citigroup: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to management. 
Brian J. Rice: We would just like to thank everyone for joining us today and Ian will certainly be available throughout the day for any follow-up calls you may have and we apologize we couldn’t get to everybody but Ian will be available throughout the day. Have a great day. Thank you. 
Operator: And this concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Richard Fain – CEO Brian Rice – EVP & CFO Adam Goldstein – President, CEO Royal Caribbean International Dan Hanrahan – President, CEO Celebrity Cruises Ian Bailey – VP IR
Analysts:  Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo  Robin Farley - UBS Assia Georgieva - Standford Financial Group Felicia Hendrix – Barclays  Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs  Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein [Mickey Shalline] – Ladenburg 
Operator: Good morning. At first time, I would like to welcome to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to Mr. Brian Rice, Chief Financial Officer.
Brian Rice: I would like to thank each of you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. With me here today aboard the new Celebrity Equinox in South Hampton are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity Cruises; Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations; and joining us from Miami is Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International.  During this call we will be referring to a number of slides which we have posted Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com. Before we get started, I would like to refer you of our notice about forward-looking statements which you will see on the first slide. During this call, we will be making comments which are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures which are non-GAAP as defined by Regulation G, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard has some opening comments to begin our call, I will follow with a brief recap of the second quarter, update our forward guidance and comment on the recent demand environment.  Adam and Dan will then talk more about their brands and then we will open the call for your questions. 
Richard Fain : Thanks Brian and thanks to all of you for joining us at this earlier then usual hour. Most of us are actually sitting here in one of the suites on board our [inaudible] the Celebrity Equinox, and if I do say so myself, the surroundings are absolutely wonderful. Being ensconced in all this luxury can almost wash away the continued misery of this economic cycle. As I think about it a bit more, having this call on board this vessel is actually quite apropos.  Much as a cruise on this ship helps our guests forget their daily annoyances, this vessel almost helps us forget the sting of this economy, the particular effect that its had on Spain and that damn flu.  This ship also reinforces my conviction about the painstaking efforts we took in her design process. The innovations here that only provide our guests with more amenities then ever but they also maximize onboard revenue streams and create tremendous scale and technological efficiencies.  The introduction of these two Solstice class ships have been about the best received ships that I can remember and that gives me a great deal of comfort for the future. I even get more excited when the math indicates that almost half of our fleet will be comprised of Solstice, Freedom, and Oasis class hardware within a few short years.  Solstice class hardware only represents about 5% of 2009’s capacity and even that small amount helped move the needle this year. Imagine what will happen when these ships constitute almost half of our fleet.  Another important component of the equation is that all of our new capacity is being dedicated outside the North American marketplace and into our international developmental areas. This is important for two reasons, first our North American supply will actually be down slightly in 2010. But even that supply will be of the newer hardware that the more experienced North American cruiser appears willing to pay a nice premium for. Constrained supply with significant hardware upgrades sounds like a good dynamic to me.  Second, the acceptance of our brands outside of North America is going very well. We recently pegged Europe as being 10 to 15 years behind North America in its market development. And more importantly its on a very similar trajectory meaning we have a very deep pool from which to cultivate new cruisers for a long time to come.  And as promising as the development in Europe is, Asia and South America are virtually untapped and our initial entries have been very promising as well. So we’re actually very bullish on the acceptance of this new capacity in these developing areas.  Now in keeping with the long-term view there are two other topics l would like to briefly mention, the first is Azamara’s appointment of Larry Pimentel as President and CEO and the ongoing challenges in the Spanish economy which are affecting our Pulmantur brand.  Larry Pimentel is one of the most respected leaders in the upscale market having led Cunard, Seabourn and Seadream. Azamara has reached a very good and stable place and it now makes sense for it to operate independently and separately.  The economy in Spain also suffered earlier and harder then elsewhere and we had hoped that this would mean that it would recover more quickly. Not so. The economy just kept falling and currently Spain has unemployment rates approaching 18%.  With that I’m going to turn the call back over to Brian so he can provide you with more details on the second quarter and our full year expectations. But before I do, I think I would sum up by saying that when I was preparing for this call I realized I made a lot of ongoing references to misery and in the economy and frustrating side annoyances, but what I can leave you with is that we’re beginning to see early signs of encouragement and that will inevitably give way as this nasty cycle becomes a memory. Bookings and pricings are stable. At stable levels that are far better then many of the more bearish predictions. We continue to finance and expand our business effectively. And we are building a great earnings platform through better cost control, superior hardware and very strong branding.  Having said that I remain extremely frustrated that we have not yet seen a more significant upturn in the market. We noted that the situation began to stabilize over six months ago and normally that’s a precursor to it beginning to turn up. We didn’t count on that happening but we did hope that the upturn would have started at least by now. Unfortunately it has not. We hope that it will soon and we have seen tentative signs of encouragement but until we see evidence of a sustained upturn, we will have to take comfort from the fact that the situation has stabilized and that when it does turn up we will benefit strongly. 
Brian Rice: Thank you Richard, I would like to briefly go through the second quarter results which we have summarized on the second slide. In the second quarter we had a net loss of $0.16 per share. Subsequent to our previous guidance we had provided updates on the impact of the H1N1 virus and adjustments to non operating income.  The H1N1 virus cost us approximately $0.05 per share in the second quarter and we [occurred] approximately $0.11 per share in expenses due to below the line adjustments for foreign exchange and hedging ineffectiveness.  The largest impact to the non operating income came from a revaluation of our foreign denominated customer deposits, mainly bookings deposited in British pounds and to a lesser extent euro and Canadian dollars.  During the quarter the dollar weakened by approximately 15% versus Sterling which increased our liability and consequently produced a loss below the line. Our revenue yields for the quarter were down 17.9%. The impact of the H1N1 virus was approximately one percentage point during the quarter.  And adjusting for that we came in consistent with our previous guidance. On slide three we have illustrated by product line how our ticket revenues performed versus our previous expectations.  European itineraries benefited quite a bit from the weaker dollar and came in better than our forecast but Mexico was significantly impacted by the H1N1 virus. As you can see aside from these two differences almost all our other product lines were consistent with our previous forecast.  Seven night Caribbean and Alaska came in slightly better than forecast and shorter Caribbean came in slightly lower. Recently we have tended to be more bullish on the entry level products and more cautious on the premium ones.  In hindsight I think these variances were as much as result of our biases as they were actual changes in market conditions. Back on slide two you can see net cruise costs for APCD came in 11.5% lower than the same time last year or right at the mid point of our previous guidance.  Our management teams continue to do an excellent job controlling costs. Most importantly though they are doing so without compromising our strategic initiative and our brands continue to deliver excellent guest ratings.  Our fuel expense was $136 million for the quarter which was $6 million better than anticipated at the time of our last call. Although WTI fuel prices rose an average of about 25% throughout the quarter we did not see as much pressure on IFO and MGO pricing and our hedges and fixed price contracts performed very favorably.  Our consumption was also slightly less than our guidance. Our net cruise costs per APCD excluding fuel were 8.4% lower than the same time last year which was slightly less than our guidance of down around 9% due to the impact of foreign exchange.  Now I would like to provide you with an update on the booking environment, on slides four, five, and six, we have provided the year over year changes in booking volumes and pricing levels for the second, third and fourth quarters respectively.  These are the same slides we had shown you on our last two calls, and the message remains remarkably consistent. As a reminder, the green line [inaudible] the change in volume of new business versus the same time for the prior year by the week in which the booking was made.  The blue line shows the corresponding year over year pricing changes for the new business. Pricing for all three quarters remains behind last year but the magnitude of the discounting from last year’s levels has remained basically the same since the beginning of the year.  On the volume side we continue to see lower booking levels then last year until we get to approximately four months prior to sale date at which time we see a significant acceleration in booking activity up until the time of departure.  The booking window is certainly more contracted then it was last year but it has been remarkably consistent now for about eight months. It has been reassuring to see the spike in [close] and bookings during the third quarter without the need for further discounting.  We are just now entering the peak booking window for the fourth quarter but the same pattern seems to be emerging. You will likely extrapolate from our guidance that we’re expecting a yield decline in the mid single-digits for the fourth quarter.  As a reminder we [break in audio] to perform relatively better then the rest of the year due to easier comps, the weaker dollar and some impact from our newer ships. And finally on revenue, we normally wait until after the third quarter to comment on next year, but given the uncertainty and sensitivity of the economic environment we want to try to give you some feel for what we are seeing.  It [break in audio] especially given the contracted booking window but we are somewhat encouraged by the early signs. For the first quarter of 2010 we are slightly more than one third sold at this point in time. And while that lags the load factors we had achieved at the same time last year, the booking patterns are similar to this year’s second, third and fourth quarters.  Pricing is modestly behind where we were at this same time last year but is significantly higher then where we ended the first quarter of 2009. Accordingly given the impact of the Oasis of the Seas, and the new Solstice class vessels, coupled with a more predictable booking pattern and easier comparables we are optimistic we will achieve yield improvement in the first quarter.  On slide seven we have provided our updated guidance for the third quarter and full year. In updating our guidance we have assumed that not much changes in terms of consumer behaviors and the overall economy.  We have taken a slightly more pessimistic view on Spain as the economic conditions have continued to deteriorate throughout the year. We are still very bullish on this market and our Pulmantur brand, but the unemployment approaching 18% we are more reserved in the short-term.  For the year we expect yields to be down approximately 14% on an as reported basis and down between 11% and 12% on a constant dollar basis. We expect yields to be down 18% in the third quarter on an as reported basis and 15% to 16% on a constant dollar basis.  We estimate that H1N1 virus accounts for slightly more than 2.5 percentage points of yield in the third quarter and slightly more than one percentage point of yield for the full year. The impact is greatest in the third quarter mainly because Pulmantur is reported on a two month lag.  On the cost side we expect net cruise costs to be down approximately 11% for the third quarter and down approximately 10% for the full year. On a constant dollar basis we expect net cruise costs to be down between 9% and 10% for the third quarter and between 8% and 9% for the full year.  We have included $591 million of fuel expense for the year and $145 million for the third quarter in our guidance based on current pricing. We are 49% hedged for the third quarter and 50% for the full year.  We have continued to be more aggressive hedging fuel further out. We are now hedged approximately 50% for our 2010 forecasted consumption and about 45% for 2011. Pricing for the hedges we have in 2011 and 2010 are at the equivalent of WTI in the low to mid 60’s.  This compares favorably to an average hedged rate this year in the high 70’s and provides for a positive impact to earnings next year. Earnings per share are forecasted to be between $0.95 and $1.00 for the third quarter and between $0.70 and $0.80 for the year.  Bridging the full year earnings per share from our last guidance, we now estimate that the H1N1 virus will cost us about $0.27 per share. Approximately $0.13 per share of this is due to cancelled cruises and tours to Mexico. About $0.05 per share is the result of cancellations or compensation provided for Mexican Riviera cruises that were redirected during the advisory to avoid Mexico. The remaining $0.09 per share is related to lower demand for the four ships directly effected by the H1N1 virus. We’ve previously discussed the $0.11 per share in non operating expense. Fuel is approximately $0.08 per share higher and interest expense on the bond which you will recall we upsized to $300 million is roughly $0.07. The balance or net of around $0.07 is due mainly to weakness in the Spanish market. Now I’d like to update you on our financing activities and liquidity. We ended the second quarter with approximately $900 million in liquidity.  During the second quarter we paid off approximately $325 million in scheduled maturities. After the close of the second quarter we completed the $300 million senior unsecured notes offering. The bond matures in July 2015 and the effective yield was 12.5%. The proceeds have been used to pay down our existing revolving credit facility and further shore up our liquidity.  Clearly the capital markets have become much more accessible in recent months, however given our financial projections, the current cost of debt, and the very low equity price we see today, we believe we have struck the right balance between maintaining an adequate liquidity position and dilution.  Our financing arrangements for our new vessels are very strong and our debt maturities can be funded through current liquidity and operating cash flows. Under our base case projections which include moderate yield improvements in 2010 and 2011, driven by our newer vessels and easier comps, we do not see a need to access the capital markets further.  Under our current pessimistic scenario which would include deteriorating market conditions, we feel as though we have sufficient contingencies to mitigate the revenue pressures. In summary before the end of this quarter we will be more then a year into the current economic cycle.  Clearly this makes our comps easier going forward. The consumer has shown resilience and stability now for about eight months, and the reception to our newest vessels has been terrific. We remain reserved in our expectations for a near-term economic rebound but continue to position the company to prosper when this economic cycle inevitably reverses.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Adam for his comments about the Royal Caribbean International brand. 
Adam Goldstein : Thank you Brian and good morning everyone. As you have heard market conditions continued to be very challenging in the second quarter as they have been since the fall of last year. We have kept occupancies near our historical levels although as we have described previously our pricing has been aggressive in virtually all markets.  Ship board revenue yields have declined meaningfully on a year over year basis although not to the same extent as ticket yield declines. But similar to ticket revenue our forecast hasn’t changed much from our last update.  Gaming has certainly been the most negatively effected element of our onboard revenue streams. While our Caribbean products are experiencing yield declines and very close in bookings the yield declines in Europe and Alaska have put the most pressure on 2009. In Europe we face both recessionary conditions and have [absorbed] a noticeable increase in capacity. Although these factors are driving yield declines we are pleased with the rapid expansion of our local market sourcing in all of our priority European markets.  These markets are still giving us healthy bookings even for August high season sailings. Our growing presence in Europe and around the world bodes well for the future. In Alaska there is not a material increase in capacity yet the yield decline is more pronounced there then anywhere else.  Although we have succeeded in filling our ships in Alaska this summer the degradation in pricing has caused one of the most remarkable geographic sector yield declines in our memory. Because the volume of guests has stayed constant, Alaskans may perceive that not much has changed compared to 2008. In fact the change in the profitability of this market has been dramatic and the correctness of our decision to reduce capacity in 2010 has been underscored. Brian shared on one of his slides the unfavorable change in Mexico performance since our previous guidance. As time goes on it is harder to distill the effect of H1N1 on bookings for our Mexico products from the general recessionary conditions. As we look forward to the upcoming fall/winter season, selling West Coast cruises to Mexico remains a particular challenge.  Another consideration for the upcoming winter season will be the performance of our products that depend very little on customers from the US. This includes our cruises in Panama, Brazil, The Middle East, Asia, and Australia.  While visibility is limited and again many of these markets are very late booking the establishment of our company offices in many of these regions is allowing us much more meaningful access to the market in terms of building our brands and driving tactical activity where necessary.  Changing subjects, 13 weeks from today we will take delivery of Oasis of the Seas. This ship is over 90% complete and our people are immersed in preparations to offer the most innovative product in the history of cruising.  It is still more than four months to the first revenue sailing and we will have a much better feel for the booking outlook on the next call. Having said that we continue to be very pleased with what we are seeing to date, particularly how far into 2010 we are seeing healthy bookings for the ship.  Finally both Richard and Brian have noted our focus on controlling costs. This is the part of the equation over which we have the most control and our people shore side and ship board are doing their utmost to gain efficiencies in every aspect of our business from sales and marketing to operations. 
Dan Hanrahan : Thank you Adam and good morning everyone. As you’ve heard we’re here in South Hampton on the newly launched Celebrity Equinox. Like Celebrity Solstice she’s an absolutely gorgeous ship. We will show Equinox to approximately 10,000 travel agents and press during these pre inaugural events from the UK, Europe, The Middle East, Latin America, and Asia.  We’re thrilled with the reaction these ships have received and we continue to see the Solstice class as a game changer for the Celebrity brand. Introducing [break in audio] in the UK is a key part of Celebrity strategy to grow our international sourcing.  The UK market in particular is important as Celebrity Equinox will be targeted toward the UK market when she launches next year. Our booking data reaffirms that our Solstice class ships are generating both premium ticket revenue and premium onboard spending even in these challenging times.  Speaking more broadly the Celebrity brand is experiencing [close] in demand for summer cruises in both Europe and Alaska and volumes will be a bit higher than we thought on our previous call.  However pricing for Alaska has been particularly hard hit. Booking volume for Europe cruises through the summer has also held up well both in the Baltic and in the Med and as I mentioned earlier our Solstice class ships are continuing to command healthy premiums in Europe. We have less visibility for our cruises that operate in Q4 of 2009 and into Q1 of 2010 driven in part by consumers booking their cruises closer to time of departure. Our pricing is below levels we had at the same time last year but are running ahead of where we finished in Q4 and in Q1. We’re seeing a surprisingly high count of bookings coming from outside of the US and our longer Caribbean cruises operating from South Florida this fall and winter and on our ships that will stay in Europe into the fall.  It’s a bit early to make any predictions about the 2010 Europe and Alaska season. I would like to mention again the Celebrity brand will achieve a milestone next summer when we launch our first ship dedicated to the UK market with Eclipse operating summer cruises from South Hampton.  Early indications for this product are quite encouraging. And as I sit here on Equinox this afternoon, I’m reminded that Solstice class ships will account for almost 40% of Celebrity’s 2010 capacity. Even in these challenging times that gives me reason for optimism. 
Brian Rice : Thank you Dan, we will now open the call to your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo : If you could comment a little bit given what you’re talking about with the new Solstice and the Oasis class ships, what percentage of your passengers for European itineraries are going to be sourced from Europe this year and what do you think about for next year.
Adam Goldstein : The percentage, I think its possible last call I slightly overstated the percentage, but according to our latest data for this year its 56% are Europeans and probably about two thirds of all of our customers who will be on Europe this summer will not be from the US. 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo : And that’s on the Royal Caribbean brand.
Adam Goldstein : That is actually in general for Royal Caribbean and Celebrity and are combined I believe. 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo : And then any guesstimate looking into 2010 at this point, how you expect that to change. 
Adam Goldstein : Well the general trend for our brands and consistent with what Dan just said is that we’ve been increasing the percentage of our customers who are coming from outside the US so other things being equal I expect the percentages that I just gave you to grow slightly. 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo : And then with the formal carve out now of Azamara out from under the Celebrity umbrella how is that going to change the cost structure on a go forward basis. 
Richard Fain : I think we’re not expecting anything dramatic in the context of the company. We’re making the changes mostly at the top level and Azamara has had a very successful operation, the vessel operation itself and what we’re expecting to do is simply to achieve better awareness and better focus from a management team led by Larry. 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo : So again nothing changing from the marketing.
Richard Fain : It won’t be anything materially relevant in here for the cost structure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley - UBS
Robin Farley - UBS: On your yield guidance, looking on constant currency without the impact of the dollar weakening it looks like it went from being down 9 to 10 to being down 11 to 12% and I know a percentage point of that since prior guidance was the swine flu impact but it looks like today there’s another percentage point reduction in your yield guidance and is that all being driven by Spain or I wonder if you could just because a lot of the commentary about bookings was quite positive and so I just want to square that with this reduction in yield guidance and then on fuel hedging, are you going to increase the amount that you are hedging for 2010 and 2011 or are you just sort of finishing your hedging further in advance but you’re not going to hedge above previous levels. 
Brian Rice : On the yield guidance as we tried to show in the second quarter performance the one product that seemed to really do exceptionally well was Europe and that did benefit quite a bit from the FX [break in audio] guidance third and fourth quarter we really haven’t changed much on the core products.  We have taken Spain down a little bit. The net impact of that as I recall I said was about $0.07 which would probably equate to about 25 to 30 basis points in terms of the overall impact on the company.  FX is a little tougher for us and we’ve tried to create a lot of transparency for you. We have only one brand that is in a different functional currency and that’s Pulmantur and that’s a very easy calculation for us. But as you know if the dollars is weakening and the value of European business increases we may take a decision to actually lower our European business and take a greater share of that business.  So we’re trying to give you a lot of information but I’d warn you about reading too much into the FX. 
Robin Farley - UBS: My question was in the constant currency, your reduction in guidance in constant currency, is it still without any impact from the currency would be two percentage points reduction since your last guidance and one point of that was from [inaudible] so I was looking for the other, what’s driving the other reduction that’s not currency. 
Brian Rice : And the thing, you’re reading in a level of precision into our guidance that probably isn’t that exactly precise. We said that for the year it’s a little over 1% due to swine flu and about $0.07 per share or about 30 basis points due to weakness in Spain.  The rest you’re talking really rounding [areas] within the guidance. On the hedging we have hedged 50% as I mentioned for 2010 and 45% for 2011. We do have a theoretical cap in order to get hedge accounting and we try to be a little conservative to ensure that we get that and we’re pretty much at our levels.  I think if pricing stays down and we can get more comfortable increasing those slightly we would probably look to but I don’t think you’re going to see any significant increase in our hedge positions for 2010 or 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva - Standford Financial Group
Assia Georgieva - Standford Financial Group: I have a question, it seems that the online charge go all the way through July 12 and I wonder what booking volumes have done over the past couple of weeks. There seems to be a significant decline on the 12th, have you seen that trend reverse. 
Brian Rice : Frankly I have to admit I don’t have slide right in front of me at the moment, but I can tell you we’ve seen a remarkable consistency since the beginning of the year by each quarter. We just pulled up the third quarter slide and you see a little bit of a dip but again that’s a year over year and part of that is getting to the point where we’re running out of inventory for the third quarter. So naturally eventually it has to come back, to equilibrium. I wouldn’t read too much into that. 
Assia Georgieva - Standford Financial Group: My concern is that it seems that Q4 EPS and yield guidance seems quite strong at this point and even though yields are expected to be down only mid single-digits and last year you were about break-even it seems that right now you’re guiding a EPS of $0.08 to $0.13 in Q4, is that cost savings, is it on fuel.
Brian Rice : If you back into the fourth quarter guidance you are going to see a lot of cost savings that are baked into that. We did say that you could extrapolate that we’re talking about mid single-digit yield declines. And I think its predominantly being driven by the cost savings that we’ve I think proven in the first six months of this year. 
Assia Georgieva - Standford Financial Group: And on 2010, European deployment seems to be down a little bit more than 5%, Adventure is joining the rest of the European fleet there and Eclipse obviously will be sailing but for other ships are leaving, is there any specific reason for Alaska I can certainly understand the 20% decline in [CPGDs] but Europe seems to have done relatively well over the past few years so I was a little surprised to see that. 
Adam Goldstein : On the Royal Caribbean side obviously you have the number of our capacity is actually continuing to increase. We’re bringing Adventure of the Seas in next year essentially to replace Legend of the Seas which will be full time in Asia. So there’s no particular change there. We continue our ramp up. 
Dan Hanrahan : We will have as you mentioned we will have Eclipse sourcing out of the UK, sailing out of South Hampton and I can tell you that the last few days here on Equinox has been well worth it. The response has been absolutely terrific from all the UK travel agents and all the UK press.  We do have Solstice doing seven nights Caribbean next summer. So that may be what you’re picking up on and that was simply just based on demand that we saw and response from consumers and trade that brought it back here, but nothing about Europe and the way Europe is performing. We continue to be quite happy with Europe. 
Assia Georgieva - Standford Financial Group: And you also have Century and Summit that were sailing in Europe in 2009, they’re not going to be there in 2010. It doesn’t seem that there’s a replacement for those two ships. 
Dan Hanrahan : Well Century and Summit decisions were made quite a while ago. Those were when we published our, that’s why I didn’t reference those, those were when we published our itineraries back in the early part of the summer or late spring.  Yes we have Summit going out of Bermuda, and Century doing the 5-5-4 year round. But again we’ve been pleased with Europe and we’re not making any significant strategic changes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix – Barclays 
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays : On your Q1 2010 outlook it doesn’t sound like you’ve changed your view since the June 29 update but I just wanted to double check that. 
Brian Rice : We continue to see a lot of stability as we’ve tried to, I think beat a dead horse here, over the last eight months, and Q1 is very consistent with what we’ve been seeing. We’re very pleased in particular to the response from the new ships and I think the greatest upside in Q1 is really being provided by the easier comparables and the fact that we’re more used to this booking curve and how the consumer is going to behave.  The current levels of our pricing compared to where we ended up a year ago in the first quarter where the APDs are substantially higher. 
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays : And then just on the swine flu issue, could be something that ends up being pretty unpredictable and skews your statistics that you historically rely on, I’m wondering what are you doing to mitigate the current and potentially future impact so that we don’t see a continued volatility in your guidance. 
Richard Fain : I think we’ve taken a number of steps. We have a very robust program on board to both control it and to make sure that we’re acting appropriately when something does happen. This was a pretty big hit in terms of the numbers. But it was in a short-term and I think what we showed was the ability to react to it and to manage it.  Any time we get something that’s a surge is going to have a fairly immediate impact. But I think what we’ve shown is this is a good example, it came, people panicked at first, and then gradually people accepted it and its become [break in audio] that we accept much like the seasonal flu.  And I think most people are expecting to see some resurgence of it and we’ll prepare for that. We monitor people coming onto the ships and we’re working very closely with the Center for Disease Control and with the governments of the various islands, particularly in the Caribbean and also our destinations in Europe and elsewhere.  In most cases we and the industry trade group have arrangements so that we all know exactly what to do if there is an incident on a ship and how to isolate that and make sure it doesn’t spread to others on the ship or to affect other ships. 
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays : Just on MSNA, it was higher in the quarter then I thought it would be, you have launches at the end of the year so should we expect to see that run rate higher or in line with, implied with what you reported in the second quarter. 
Brian Rice : I know we had some timing differences in the quarter but they were not meaningful. We haven’t given any specific guidance on the components within the net cruise costs except for fuel. I can tell you that our G&A continues to be running very efficiently and we’ve seen substantial savings year over year but as we’ve talked about before, we’ve been very committed to our marketing and sales efforts. And we think those are strategic investments that are very important to continue. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs : Can you just talk about what you’re doing more broadly on your yield management systems and the reason I ask it and I know that we’ve now asked this a couple of times but the fact is you’ve had to lower your yield guidance a couple of times and even though you’re saying that things are starting to look better, it doesn’t look like the system really allows you to forecast particularly well. In particular I think it was somebody who mentioned that Alaska was a lot worse then even you all forecasted, maybe even just a few months ago. I guess I just want to understand how you’re adjusting the yield management to get through these difficult times. Also even though it sounds like its going to be a little bit better in 2010 would it still be negative yield in 2010 or at least the first quarter. To me it sounds that way and I think Carnival thinks that. And then finally when you said about 2010 being one third sold out in the first quarter or one third sold in the first quarter is that primarily on the two new ships for the Royal brand. 
Brian Rice : Let me try to go in reverse order, I think we were fairly clear saying that we anticipate yield improvement in the first quarter of 2010 and I think as we look at easier comps, the impact of the newer vessels and given the current weakness in the dollar we think that we have the right platform for yield improvement in 2010.  We’ve been very clear about that and I think again I’ll reiterate we expect a yield improvement in the first quarter. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs : Does that mean less negative or does that actually mean positive.
Brian Rice : We are talking about when we report yields it would not have brackets around it, it would have a plus sign in front of it. And the one third occupancy, we would have a higher occupancy on the newer vessels then we do if you will in the same store sales but our guidance is including the combination of those two things.  We certainly are benefiting from the newer vessels but again its easier comps on the same store sales so that helps us going forward in 2010. In terms of our yield management systems I want to be very clear. I don’t think we’ve said that the market has gotten any better. We said that the market has remained [break in audio] since the beginning of the year.  Our yield management systems I think are the best in the industry. I think our staff does an absolutely tremendous job and the level of precision that I think we’ve been able to do and our guidance has been quite remarkable when you take out the effects of H1N1 which I don’t think any revenue management system in the world will ever be able to pick up that sort of an impact. And you take into consideration the volatility of the dollar, I think those have been the two biggest impacts we’ve seen. Spain has been a little bit worse then we’ve [break in audio] not materially. You called out Alaska specifically, I’d point you to the slide where we showed the second quarter results that Alaska has been very bad for us this year but at the same time it actually, we’ve raised our guidance on Alaska. So again I think the revenue management system that our people are doing a great job. And we’ll continue to try to refine them but we’re very pleased with what they do. 
Richard Fain : I’d just like to add one thing on that, I think its important that you and everyone else understand when we talk about our yield management systems, we’re not, we hopefully have never suggested that they are perfect. These are predictions and there is especially in these times but to be within these very low margins of error compared to any other industry you name, I just don’t know of another company that’s able to predict its revenue as accurately as we have been.  But its definitely not perfect. There’s a great deal of art and there’s a great deal of science and I think overall its very good but I do not think we ought to leave any impression that we are suggesting that one can perfectly predict these things. We happen to be in an industry where relatively, teeny change makes a huge difference to the bottom line and that makes us more sensitive to it.  But there are very few industries that have the level of accuracy that we’ve managed over the years. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs : Could you just talk a little bit about, it sounds like Carnival might start to build some more ships and increase their supply and that would put you in a weaker market share position in the out years especially as you get to 2012, 2013. Is there some thought by you and the Board that you too may have to start building some more ships as you get further out. 
Richard Fain : You know, I think we’ve been pretty clear that is isn’t a market share game. There are industries where market share is important and if you increase your capacity and you don’t maintain market share you can, they can actually take customers from you. In our industry that’s simply not an option since was all sail full there is no opportunity to take customers from one brand to another.  And we all market on the basis of a brand. And its almost interesting while each of us have grown in different times at different rates, our two biggest brands relative to one another, for example the Carnival brand and the Royal brand, have traded positions off and on and will continue to trade positions off and on. As to which is the largest brand and I think actually, Adam correct me if I’m wrong, Royal is currently slightly larger then the Carnival brand. 
Adam Goldstein : It will be when Oasis comes in, yes. 
Richard Fain : And that will switch back and forth but both are roughly the same size. When you talk about market position in our industry its really you have enough capacity to be relevant to the market and I think in each of our segments the answer to that is a definitive yes. So I think we will look at the decision of building on the basis purely of what’s in our best interest and the best interest of our shareholders, to give us the greatest rate of return.  And in today’s market we think the greatest rate of return comes from margin expansion and not capacity growth and that decision we would take independent of what Carnival does or doesn’t do. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: I was a little surprised in terms of the decline you saw in the short Caribbean in the second quarter, can you just give us an idea of what happened there and what you’re currently seeing. 
Adam Goldstein : Well as you know the short cruises have the least visibility of all so in terms of our ability to predict that was just being discussed, we would have relatively the least there and so in a late booking environment we’re making our best predictions about when revenue will come in and the short Caribbean sailings although we get strong volume at the end, didn’t come in quite at the price levels that we had had in mind when we were making the previous predictions. 
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Has that be true so far in the third quarter. 
Adam Goldstein : The overall situation is as we’ve been describing it. We start to see more volume or we start to see the volume ramp up about four months prior to sailing on average and there’s I would include the short Caribbean performance in the overall statement of stability with load factors coming in late at lower prices then we would like. 
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Is there any update in terms of new ship financing, I guess specifically [Alur]. 
Brian Rice : We’re still about 15 months away from delivery of the Alure. We will probably begin looking into that. We just wrapped up the bond offering. We’ll obviously, we have had some preliminary conversations. We feel very comfortable that we’ll be able to get that done in expeditious fashion. I would look more toward the end of the year before we’ll have any formal announcement on that.  But we feel very good that the model that we showed with the Oasis financing is a very successful model. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: A couple of questions on fuel trends, looking forward how do you anticipate your mix of fuel changing especially relative to tighter European standards on sulfur content and then also as you look at forward booking curves, are you seeing the gap close between WTI pricing and IFOMGO pricing and if so how does that effect your thoughts about the future especially relative to the mix of fuel you’ll use. 
Brian Rice : In terms of the types of fuel, I think there’s obviously a lot of legislative action occurring out there that will require us to have lower sulfur content. Its something that we’ve begun looking seriously at what our alternatives and options are. At this point in time and for the next few years, we don’t see it having a tremendous impact on us.  It is something, we stay abreast of any new technologies. In terms of the spread between IFO and MGO if you wouldn’t mind following up with that and Ian after the call, we don’t have that material in front of us but I can tell you that during the second quarter both IFO and MGO pricing was much more constrained then we saw with WTI. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Mickey Shalline] – Ladenburg
[Mickey Shalline] – Ladenburg: I want to go back to the H1N1 and I do appreciate your guidance for the impact of the virus and given some of the headlines we’re seeing including the possibility that 40% of the US population could be infected, could you tell me what sort of broad based assumption you’ve made regarding this fall’s flu season which could be much more significant then what we’ve seen so far. 
Adam Goldstein : If the flu would be much more significant then what we’ve seen so far then that is not included in the guidance that we’re giving. We are aware of the various scenarios that are being put out there and nobody knows.  As Richard was going over before we’re fortunate in that the experience of the last four months has been very helpful not only to ourselves and the industry and the ships in terms of the protocols that we have developed and how to make sure that the spread of illness is limited to the maximum possible extent on our ships, but its also been extremely beneficial to our relationship with islands and countries around the world in terms of our interaction with them, their expectations and what they’re looking for from us.  So we’re clearly in a much better position to deal with whatever comes us then we were before H1N1 unfolded several months back but we are expecting things to be as is both economically and otherwise and our guidance is depending on that. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo : You gave us some color on the booked load factors and what was going on regarding first quarter what was your comparable booked load factor, again I know you said it was down year over year but what was the absolute number. 
Brian Rice : We didn’t give that. I can tell you that the load factors in Q1 are down strikingly similar to what they were down at the same point in time for Q4 and Q3. We’re seeing very similar patterns and pricing reaction elasticity. It really is truly remarkable how consistent the last eight months have been behaving in terms of when we hit that cycle. 
Timothy Conder – Wells Fargo : And again that’s obviously helps in your yield management system planning going forward. Then you alluded to your likely scenario for the yield should probably be up in both 2010 and 2011 given your mix and so forth, but then you also alluded to a worst case scenario and then mitigation measures, could you expand on that comment a little bit. 
Brian Rice : I think we obviously modeled quite a bit, but we’re trying to model or base case after what we know basically what we’re seeing from the consumer behaviors in the current economy. Our base case assumes a lot of consistency in that regard. And what I wanted to allude to is the fact that we do prepare for what we actually internally call a worser case scenario where we look at further yield pressure and actual yield declines and do we have adequate liquidity and contingencies that we can do.  I don’t want to get real specific with what those contingencies are except to point out the fact that I think we’ve demonstrated a real strong ability to manage our cost structure. I alluded to the fact that we’ve not compromised any of our strategic initiatives. We haven’t touched marketing and sales.  We have a very strong balance sheet with a lot of opportunities within that and I think we’ve demonstrated our ability to maintain good liquidity and we’d have further actions available to us if we needed them. I think that wraps it up and so we’d like to thank you for joining us today and even though we are on board the Celebrity Equinox Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow-ups you may have and we wish you all a great day. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian Rice - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard D. Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Adam M. Goldstein - President and Chief Executive Officer Dan Hanrahan - President and Chief Executive Officer of Celebrity and Azamara Cruises
Analysts: Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Timothy Conder - Wachovia Wells Fargo Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Scott Barry - Credit Suisse Robin Farley - UBS Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Sharon Zackfia - William Blair
Operator: Good morning. My name is Adrian and I will be your conference operator today. At first time, I would like to welcome to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Brian Rice, you may begin your conference.
Brian Rice: Thank you Adrian, and good morning everyone. I would like to thank you for joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity and Azamara Cruises; and Ian Bailey, our Vice President of Investor Relations. We have posted a number of slides on our investor website www.rclinvestor.com which we will be referring to during this call. Before we get into our results and talk about the current operating environment, I would like to remind you of our notice about forward-looking statements which you will see on the first slide. During this call, we will be making comments which are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures which are non-GAAP as defined by Regulation G. And a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin the call with a strategic overview of our business. I will follow with a brief recap of the first quarter, update our guidance, and provide some insights into the recent demand environment in our financing activities. Adam and Dan will then talk more about their brand and how we are managing the business in the current environment. Then we'll be happy to open the call to your questions. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thanks Brian and good morning everyone. I must admit that I find myself a little bit conflicted about the earnings that we are sharing with you today. Its tough to be pleased about a quarter, that's resulted in one of the few losses we have posted in a long time, and in fact we'll never be happy with a loss situation nor am I happy with the profitability we are looking at for the full year. On the other hand, this past quarter provided us some very significant wins for us. The most remarkable news about the quarter and about our outlook is that we have very little new to report. Overall, the year's developing pretty much in line with what we said three months ago. Some positive, some negatives but bottom-line basically the same. Most importantly, our revenues continue to track above where we expected them to be. Stronger close-in bookings helped us to deliver outstanding cost control. Forward bookings showed some downside buyers but overall remarkably in line with what we had predicted. We did not previously assume that the economy would get any better and we're still lumpy seeing our projections on any economic improvement. But some months ago the market had begun to stabilize and we are happy that the level of stability has continued to increase. Even in normal times, I'm always impressed with our revenue management team's ability to predict revenue within such narrow parameters. I'm still amazed in how accurate they've been in the past and how accurate their predictions over the last several months have been. Admittedly, we're providing our guest more value than we would like to these days. And pricing continues to be miserable, but at least it seems to be at a miserable level that's relatively stable. I am pleased that it does not appear necessary to reduce the guidance range of our expected yield deterioration. And I'm also pleased that volume is remaining surprisingly robust given the current economic climate. Overall, while this is certainly not an enjoyable business environment, I'd say it's at least manageable. As I mentioned in prior calls, our focus on liquidity has dramatically increased and looking out on long-term forecasts are better today than they were previously. How many companies that you follow can make such a statement? Now that we've completed Oasis, some people may question our ability to finance more at the end of 2010. And I do admit that it's hard to show it on an excel spreadsheet or an SEC filing. But I think our success with the financing of Oasis of the Seas demonstrates the power of the factors we have previously discussed to help us accomplish such things. We have 30 or 40 years relationship with the shipyard, the people of Finland and with our banks. These things actually do matter even in today's world. I'd also like to take this opportunity to congratulate our management team on their excellent work in controlling our costs or continuing to provide an excellent product. You can see the results of their efforts and it is very impressive. What you can't see is the fact that our passenger ratings are also at their highest level in years. We believe it is possible to control cost while maintaining strong branding momentum and you can see that philosophy is working. Part of it is of course is due to a natural offset. The weaker economy hurts our revenues, but it also presents opportunities for improving our costs and we are doing everything we can to take full advantage of those. In addition, as I've noted in prior earnings call, the growth of international operations means that foreign exchange has become a more relevant driver of our performance. Again, this provides a natural hedge because the stronger dollar hurts our revenues just as it helps our expenses. Overall, we're still deeply disappointed to be talking about a smaller loss for the quarter rather than a bigger profit and we're disappointed that the whole year profit looks to be only half of what it was last year. But in this economy, I think that actually shows just how strong and how resilient our industry and our company are. Imagine how we will look, once things start to improve. A further comment on deployment and itineraries; one of the on the cruise line business model is that our assets float and that they can be shifted as markets and circumstances change. A year or two ago, everyone was talking about the great strength of Alaska and worried about the possible weakness in the Caribbean. Now the situation has reversed itself. Now we don't change course in a dot (ph), but we are able to move ships around in relatively short period of time to go where they are wanted, and ships do go where they are wanted. Turning to our international expansion; that continues to develop successfully. It does require a major commitment of resources, but the potential benefits are also major and we intend to pursue them aggressively. There've been a lot of questions about Alaska. Sometime ago we announced, very quietly that we're reducing our capacity in Alaska initially by one ship. Alaska continues to be an important market for us and one that we wish we're going in the other direction. Regrettably, the referendum has led to many of the unfortunate consequences that we have feared for us and for Alaska. I think a lot of people were misled about what it would do, and I wish we had done a better job of explaining the inevitable implications. Now this has been and it will continue to be an awful full year, and (inaudible) horribleous (ph) to use the Queen's words. Pricing is still terrible and the economy dreadful. But we continue to see powerful evidence demonstrating yet again how resilient our business is. We are determined to continue improving our profitability even in this environment and preparing ourselves to rejoice as the markets recover. With that, I'll turn it over Brian for more a detailed discussion of the quarter's results. Brian?
Brian Rice: Thank you Richard. I would like to briefly go through the first quarter results which we summarized on the second slide. In the first quarter, we had a net loss of $0.17 per share versus our guidance of loss between 30 and $0.35. Our revenue yields for the quarter were down 13.5%, which was better than our guidance down 14 to 16%. Ticket in tour revenue came in slightly better than we had forecasted and onboard spending was consistent with our forecast. As you know, there have been significant swings in foreign exchange rates over the last year. In addition to the success of our global expansion efforts, that means almost one-third of our revenues and a quarter of our costs are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Because of this, we thought it would be helpful to give you some insight into how exchange rates impact our results. In the first quarter, the stronger dollar negatively impacted our yields by about 4 percentage points. So if we were to report on a constant dollar basis, our yields would have been down around 9.5%. You may also recall that during the quarter we refunded approximately $30 million in fuel settlement that cost us about 2.5 percentage points in yield. So while the revenue environment has been very challenging, I think our results were more resilient in this very bad economic mix cycle than many have thought possible. On the cost side, net cruise costs excluding fuel per available passenger cruise day came in 6.8% below last year and it's the better end of our previous guidance. And while the stronger dollar per revenues in the first quarter, we are fortunate to have a natural offset and saw benefits on the cost side. On a constant dollar basis, our costs would have been down about 4.5% compared to last year. Our fuel expense was $155 million for the quarter, which was 10 million better than the anticipated at the time of our last call. And assumption was about 2% better than forecast and pricing was slightly favorable. Overall (ph) net cruise costs for APCD improved by 7% versus the same time last year, and were better than -- our previous guidance is down between 4 and 6%. Within other income and expense, we had an out-of-period charge of $7.1 million. During the quarter, we'd learned that a software program we licensed for purposes of evaluating the fair value of our interest rates swaps contained an error related to the LIBOR curve. And the $7.1 billion represents the accumulative reduction in the fair value of certain swaps related to 2007 and 2008. Despite this charge, the combination of better revenue performance and lower costs enabled us to come in about $0.15 better than the midpoint of our guidance. Now I would like to provide you with an update on the booking environment. Over the last three months, we have seen a fairly consistent demand environment. The booking window is certainly more contracted that we had seen in 2007 and 2008 and much of the demand is being driven present by aggressive pricing. The good news so is the consumers becoming more predictable and our discounting is level off over the last few moths you may recall on our fourth quarter earnings quarter we showed you a graph of the first question trends months which demonstrated how we move closer to the day to departure booking significantly improved mostly without any additional pricing erosion. On slide three, we have updated the same chart to show you how the first quarter continued to evolved from the time of our last call. The green line shows the change in the volume of new business versus the same time for the prior year by the week in which the booking was made. The blue line shows the year-over-year pricing changes for new business. Since our last call, the volume of new guest booking continued to be much greater than at the same time last year. The pricing levels as compared to a year ago remained relatively consistent. If you turn to slide four, you will see the second quarter departures are behaving much the same way that the sailings that occurred in the first quarter debt. Bookings lagged behind a year ago levels until we reached the end of January. Since then the volume of new business has improved significantly and year-over-year pricing changes have been very stable. We are very fortunate to have good systems that enable us to map consumer behaviors and adapt our revenue management style to the changes in booking patterns. Clearly, we would all sleep better at night with an expanded booking curve and less uncertainty but we grow more confident each day that our models have better calibrated to the new consumer buying patterns. On slide five, we have graphed the same booking information for third quarter departures. By today's standards, we are still fairly early in the booking cycle and we are now entering a very important period for new bookings. But again, the same pattern that we witnessed in the first and second quarter seems to be developing in the third quarter and the momentum of new business for third quarter sailings has begun to accelerate. Our revenue management team watches this type of information at a very final level of detail. It is constantly adjusting to capture the most revenue out of the available demand. In updating our guidance, we have again assumed that not much changes in terms of consumer behaviors in the overall economy. On slide six, we have provided our updated guidance for the second quarter and full year. Historically, we have given a broader range of both yield and earnings per share projections. But given the nature of the environment and the wide ranging views in the market today, we have tried to be as transparent as possible and provide you with our best estimates. There is obviously more uncertainty today than usual, but the predictability of our booking is better everyday and we believe that risk of a dramatic deviation continues to fall. For the year, we expect yields will be towards the lower end of previous guidance or down between 12 and 13% and on an as reported basis and down 9 to 10% on a constant dollar basis. We expect yields to be down around 17% in the second quarter on an as reported basis and around 12% on a constant dollar basis. In the third quarter, our comparables for Pullmantur become much easier as the Spanish economy was one of the first to feel the impact of the global recession. Nonetheless, we expect challenging yields in the third quarter as our product mix is simply weighted towards seasonal premium itineraries such as Alaska which were struggling the most. At this time, our best estimates have third quarter yield change on both in as reported basis and on a constant dollar basis to be slightly better than the second quarter. As we mentioned in our press release, both the second and third quarters are impacted by about 5 percentage points at current dollar exchange rates. As you may recall, the dollar became much stronger during the fall of last year as the global economy began to deteriorate. Accordingly, at today's level, the impact of foreign exchange is projected to be substantially less in this year's fourth quarter. To help illustrate this, on slide seven, we have graphed the current spot rate for the British pound and the Euro as compared to the average exchange rates we experienced last year in the second, third and fourth quarters. In the second quarter of last year, the average rate for the British pound was about $1.98. Today Sterling's spot rate is better $1.45 or 25% less. As you can see, the value of these currencies was substantially higher in the second and third quarters of last year. When we get to the fourth quarter though, the comparable rates of exchange are much closer to today's spot rates. Another benefit, if you will, of this year's fourth quarter is the impact we had already absorbed from the economic downturn last year. Unfortunately, the sudden and dramatic nature of the recession had a substantial impact on last year's fourth quarter. But as a consequence, our benchmark this year will be lower. Lastly, we are seeing a very favorable in the fourth quarter from the introduction of the Oasis of the Seas. I do not want to steal Adam's thunder, so we'll wait for him to elaborate. Going back to the previous slide, we have further improved our guidance on the cost side and now expect net cruise costs excluding fuel to be down 6 to 8% for the year and down approximately 9% for the second quarter. Including fuel, net cruise costs are forecasted to be down 10 to 12% for the year and between 11 and 12% for the quarter. And while the stronger dollar has hurt our revenue projections, it is helped our cost guidance. In the second quarter, we are receiving about a 5 percentage point benefit and for the year, a little less than three percentage points. We have included $574 million of fuel expense for the year and $142 million for the second quarter in our guidance based on current pricing. We are 51% hedged for the second quarter and 48% for the full year. And while we have not entered into any additional contracts since our last call for 2009, we have been more aggressive hedging fuel further out. We are now hedged approximately 40% for our 2010 forecasted consumption and about the 25% for 2011. Our business model works quite well at the current pricing and we felt it was prudent to take advantage of this opportunity. And lastly for guidance, we are projecting the second quarter earnings per share to be roughly breakeven to slightly down and the full year to be approximately $1.35. Now I would like to update you on our financing activities and liquidity. During the first quarter, our treasury team was quite busy. As you know, last weak we announced that we had obtained just over $1 billion in unsecured financing commitments for Oasis of the Seas which is scheduled for delivery in the fourth quarter. The Finnish have always been great to work with and really help make this financing quite smooth. In addition, we were fortunate to work with three of our banks with which we have great relationships and the club nature of the deal enabled us to get this done quickly and on good terms. We also entered into two credit agreements for unsecured term loan for up to 80% of the contract price of Celebrity Equinox which is scheduled for delivery in the third quarter and Celebrity's fourth Solstice special which is scheduled for delivery in 2011. Both have 12 year terms in semi annual amortization. Celebrity Equinox will bear interest at a floating rate of LIBOR plus 50 basis points which was locked into back in 2005. Solstice four will bear an interest at a fixed rate of 5.82% based on terms originally agreed to in 2007. I'm sure the next question many of you will ask is what about lower the fees in next year's debt maturity. The lower is still about a year and a half away from delivery, but we have already started early discussions. I'm not going to go into any specifics, but as we said with Oasis, we are comfortable we will get the necessary financing. As far our scheduled debt maturities go, we remain confident that current liquidity coupled with forecasted operating cash flows would be sufficient. That said, we are always looking for ways to further improve liquidity. We pride ourselves on having very solid relationships with our lenders, finding ways to support each other. For example, since we filed our 10-K, we have moved out some of our maturities and agreed to prepay a $100 million 2010 maturity in 2009 while extending another $100 million payment due in 2010 out until 2011. The net effect of this improved 2010 liquidity by $100 million. I could speak for a while about the contingencies we have and the actions we evaluate on a daily basis to improve our liquidity position. But I do not think it is prudent to publicly speculate on possible next steps given our current sound position and the very dynamic nature of the market today. I do think we have demonstrated our resolve in this area and we've also shown sensitivity to the interest of our lenders and shareholders. Our liquidity at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.1 billion including over $450 million in cash and $625 million available on our revolving credit facility. The primary driver of the improvement in liquidity from year end was the sales of the Celebrity Galaxy to our 50% owned German joint venture TUI Cruises. Now I will turn the call over to Adam for his comment about the Royal Caribbean International brand.
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Brian. Good morning everyone. As you have heard, market conditions continued to be very challenging in the first quarter and the sacrifice of rate to achieve traditionally high occupancies was very evident. Even in difficult times, we believe Royal Caribbean International is achieving a premium versus our primary competitors. However, pricing is materially down in comparison to any period prior to the fourth quarter of 2008. Although the pricing weakness affected all products, it was most prominent in a number of our developmental programs where there are not matured cruise markets that will respond in volumes of pricing stimulus, as is the case in North America, even in recession. This included our products in Asia, Australia, Brazil and Panama. In a number of source markets, for example Brazil and Mexico, currency devaluation exacerbated the shock of the recession. So, on the whole our Caribbean programs were the most successful during the quarter albeit at reduced yield. Looking forward, the evolution of our full year guidance for the lower end of the range we've previously established has been covered by Brian and Richard. They each noted the increased stability of our ticket revenue generation. I would like to add some color on the influence of some of our major product groupings on the development of our guidance from three months ago till now. Our Caribbean products have favorably influenced our new full year guidance. Of course, the Caribbean this summer will not be immune to the pricing pressures we are seeing everywhere. But relative to our other products, it continues to be the most robust. Our two freedom class ships in the Caribbean continue to generate substantial premiums to the competition and to the rest of our fleet. I should note that short cruises in the Caribbean always offer the least visibility and are especially hard to predict in 2009 given the late booking nature of the current marketplace. Our European products have had a neutral to slightly favorable influence on the evolution of our full year guidance. Given there was a recession, a stronger dollar and growing capacity, our European yields will be weak in 2009 on a year-over-year basis. Fortunately, however, our strategic expansion in Europe is delivering benefits to our brand as the number of Americans cruising in Europe has decreased. We estimate at about three-fourths of our guests in Europe this season will originate from European source markets. Alaska, as has been lightly reported, is suffering disproportionately on a yield basis and has had a negative influence on the development of our full year guidance over the last three months. Given we have had no growth in our Alaska capacity for several years, we did not expect the price declines we are experiencing even in the recession. The deficit extends to our Alaska tour business where 2009 will not match 2008 which was our best year ever. Our exotic and developmental products have also had an unfavorable influence on our guidance. Most of this impact is already been experienced in the first part of the year. We are taking a conservative view of the early part of the upcoming winter season even limit its visibility in several emerging markets where bookings are typically late and where the markets are experiencing recessionary conditions. Moving on to the ship we do not have yet, Oasis of the Seas. There continues to be great publicity for the ship as a whole and for several of the most notable features which are understood now as neighborhood. Despite the success of our communications efforts, we are simply unable to describe how phenomenal this ship will be. We are very pleased that this shipyard is sufficiently confident in the construction process. We have advanced the delivery date by a week until late October. This will allow our team an extra week to prepare for the first revenue filling which is December 1st. While we are still over seven months out from that sailing and visibility remains limited, the level of bookings and the prices for Oasis first 10 months is very exciting. In fact, the price Oasis is commanding in the context of our historical experience in the Caribbean seven night market is really quite remarkable. As I stated last quarter, on board revenue is meaningfully down but to the same degree the ticket yields are down. This weakness is across the major onboard revenue components and is exacerbated by the reduced number of Americans and European cruises, as their purchases of shore excursion is normally an important driver of summer onboard revenue. Finally, we continue to focus on cost control. And I would like to express my appreciation to our leadership team for their efforts in this regard. Very fortunately, despite the cost reductions we have made, our product is generating a entire satisfaction ratings for the last few years and continuous to be very deserving of the premiums that commence. Dan?
Dan Hanrahan: Thank you Adam, and good morning everyone. As you have heard from Brian and Adam, we are working through particularly challenging times. While both ticket and onboard revenues for Celebrity exceeded our first quarter expectations, they are still well below 2008 levels and represent an extraordinary value to the consumer. We are seeing very similar results in Europe and Alaska which Adam mentioned, so I will not go through the market-by-market detail. While the revenue decline is frustrating, there were some bright spots. Solstice just finished off her debut season in the Seven Night Caribbean market and even in these challenging times, at favorable yields versus 2008. These positive results were not only versus our other ships and similar markets during the same time period, but versus Q1 2008 as a whole. In Europe, Solstice and Equinox are also holding up relatively well and are continuing to command a healthy premium to our other hardware. By any measures, Solstice has been a terrific addition to Celebrity. The response from gas travel agents and the media continues to be beyond what we had expected and gives us confidence as we are preparing for delivery of Equinox and Eclipse. We will launch Eclipse in the spring of 2010 which is a third of the Solstice class ship. Eclipse will be dedicated to the U.K. market. We recently opened Eclipse for sale for the 2010 year of pan season. Although still early, indications are quite encouraging as the ship is booking ahead of expectations. And over 85% of those bookings are U.K. guests. We're quite pleased by the response of the U.K. market to Eclipse. This gives us confidence that our plan to continue to expand Celebrity stores in outside of the U.S. is on the right track. I also mentioned onboard revenue. Our onboard revenue challenges continue to be driven primarily by gaming and other auctions. Our areas of strength are phone, Internet, shore excursions and Solstice. We've seen similar success for onboard revenue for Solstice that we have seen on ticket revenue. While there has been onboard revenue pressure on the celebrity fleet, Solstice has helped to offset the challenges and as the result we were able to exceed our Q1 expectation. We continue our diligent focus on costs while maintaining and improving the experience for our guests. This is an area that received constant attention from the Celebrity leadership team. Brian?
Brian Rice: Thank you Dan. Adrian, we'd now like to open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva of Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: Hi, good morning. This is Ashley. A couple of questions. Dan, on your comment on onboard spend for shore excursions and net auctions (ph) are the biggest challenges. Can you discuss spa and other trends and how you expect that to shape up during the summer season when you have a lot more European passengers? And I'll ask my second question afterwards.
Dan Hanrahan: Yeah, Ashley what I actually said was that our onboard challenges were driven primarily by gaming and net auctions and where we've seen strength has been phone, Internet and shore excursions in Q1. It will be interesting to see what we see in shore excursions in Europe. Last year when we started to see some softening in the European market for Celebrity and ticket we saw short excursions hold up pretty well. We think part of what's going on here is our guests they've just been very cautious about the way they are spending there on their onboard money and they want to make most of their vacation experience and a shore excursion is also a way to do -- always a way to do that. We also sell shore excursions I guess book shore excursions ahead of time. We've seen that continue to be good. The area that you mentioned spa continues to be above as it has been over the last couple of quarters for us. We will see some softness there. But where we are seeing the most has been in gaming and net auctions.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: Okay, okay. Thank you. And a question, quick question for Brian. Could you give us some detail on the Oasis financing in terms of whether you are leaning towards the fixed rates and what you expect the range to be. For example, Solstice was at almost 5.8%, a little bit higher than the other financings. Where do you expect Oasis to end up in terms of interest?
Brian Rice: I see first I think 5.8% in today's market is quite exciting to have a 12 year fixed term 5.82%. I think we are extremely pleased with that financing. We are still working through some things on Oasis, as we said when we issued the press release. We have an option at fixed floor floating. We're actually considering perhaps taking a portion of the debt in euro and there is two separate trenches; there is the SEC trenches and there is the bank trench and we are working through that. I will tell you that we're still a couple of weeks away probably from finalizing it but our best estimate at this point in time where we'll probably end up given today's pricing, is probably somewhere in the range around 7%.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: Okay. Around 7. Okay. That's quite helpful.
Brian Rice: And that would be the -- that's a mix of some fixed and some floating. That's our best guess right now.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: And you expect to have a mix of floating inside?
Brian Rice: Yes. We're trying to manage a portfolio here. We tend to keep between 40 and 60% of our interest rates at fixed and we're kind of looking forward as to what we'll be electing in another financing as well. But right now it looks like it will be a mixture of fixed and floating and it will probably come out right around 7% given today's rates.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: Okay. Thank you Brian. And my last question is more about Alaska. When we I guess try to reduce the impact of the $50 head tax, is it by extending the links of the voyage is I'm sure you are aware home, the amount of cushions is just trying to offering two week Alaska is still that we need to as and when it comes. Are you considering going towards a step right back maybe a 10 day voyage or even a 14 day voyage in 2010? Do you still have flexibility in that?
Adam Goldstein: Hi, it's Adam. We've announced our sailings for 2010 and we're going to continue on our seven-night patterns with the two ships the Royal Caribbean will have there and the three ships that Celebrity will have there. And this is because our market, our demographics, our psychographics respond to that length of cruise in Alaska and we're not going to deviate from what is the sweet spot for our market even in difficult times.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research:  Okay. Any thoughts on deployment 2011 and beyond given how much weakness we have seen, including for the tour division (inaudible)?
Adam Goldstein: Well, we understand the deployment choices are critical for our business, not only for Alaska but for our entire portfolio but its very, very early in this strategic deployment considerations for 2011 from April of 2011 onwards. We will be announcing those decisions in early 2010. So the next six months are really the strategic window of opportunity to consider our choices and go from there.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: Thanks. At the end one thing, Adam maybe you can help me with this, on Europe, have you seen any deterioration in pricing since wave season ended more specifically the last four weeks or so?
Adam Goldstein: Our pricing has been fairly consistent. In fact part of our overall message here is that we've been able to have fairly consistent stable pricing over the last three months since our previous guidance and Europe is encompassed by that.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: Thank you so much and good job on your cost cutting efforts. Keep that up.
Adam Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski of Stifel Nic.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah good morning guys. First, I don't know if I just don't see it, Brian maybe you can help out here. What are the average fuel cost per metric ton for the quarter?
Brian Rice: Actually Steve you've got something that I don't have in front of me. I apologize. We frankly didn't focus that much on fuel. I can tell you our rates were down slightly for the quarter and our consumption was down 2%. But if you could follow-up with on and after the call, we can certainly get that data for you.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Will do. And then I'm not sure if you'll be able to answer this or you -- I doubt you will. But what's the average price in terms of, if you looked at crude right now of where you're kind of locked in for a little bit further I'd say 2011 at this point?
Brian Rice: Well I can tell you that we're certainly underwater in '09 on our hedges, but that's included in the $574 calculation we gave you. We have been hedging recently. If you were to compare our pricing out into 2011 against the forward curve right now, we'd be very close to where the forward curve is for 2011.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then last question for either Dan or Adam. Two markets or I guess a couple of markets where we're trying to focus on here is what have you seen in terms of the close to home ports recently in terms of bookings and what you've seen on the Spanish market?
Dan Hanrahan: I can take the close to home ports. We saw some strength in the first quarter in the Caribbean on both our brands and that was helpful to be close to home. So, we were now at a point where most of our ships are leaving and for Celebrity anyway and are headed out to Europe and Alaska. I know that Royal Caribbean will still have some ships here in the Caribbean and Adam had commented on in his remarks that that was helping the overall yield. And I think I'll let Richard comment on the Spanish market.
Richard Fain: Yeah hi, Steve. The Spanish market is probably one of the hardest hit of the many economies with which we deal. And the Spanish economy started down the recessionary path a lot earlier than everyone else that has continued there. They've just reported for the first time actual deflationary results. It was down two-tens of a percent which is pretty close zero, but those kinds of things are worrying. So there is no question that Spain is feeling the effects more than others. On the other hand because it started earlier on a comparable basis and will begin to look better before too long.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder of Wells Fargo.
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Wells Fargo: Thank you gentlemen. A few questions here. Can you talk little bit more on the ForEx gentlemen and balance your specific pound and euro exposure? Whether on revenues or cost or just if not specific numbers just maybe directionally there? And then relating to some of the comments regarding some of your startup brands, how do you look at those as far as timetable of investment and from a free cash basis. At what point do you do a revaluation either positively or negatively with those brands?
Dan Hanrahan: Hey Tim. I'll take the first part on FX and let I'll Richard talk about the new brands. On FX, we are long in Sterling. We are I would describe it as slightly long on Euro and we're also long on Canadian dollars. As I mentioned about a third of our revenues are now coming in among those three currencies primarily. We do have some other currencies. I think the fourth largest would be probably the Norwegian Krone. And about a quarter of our expenses are now coming in. And the expenses we have the billion fleets that's denominated in Sterling on them. We obviously have advertising expenses and what not. But in Sterling, most of our port expenses certainly Pullmantur would all be denominated in euro.
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Wells Fargo: Okay.
Richard Fain: And Tim with respect to startup brands, I'm not sure that there is a particular point in time at which one says you have this long three months, 12 months, whatever the period is. We look at each one individually. If you look at the strategic intentions of it and you look at whether it's moving in the right direction or not. In any event, none of them are particularly material to the overall company
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Wells Fargo: Okay. And then one question on guidance gentlemen in particular interest expense. Brian, can you kind of help us there? Your prior guidance for the year was 320 to 340 and you brought that range down to roughly 25 to 40 million on the high and low, a little bit of color there. And then, overall for the whole company globally, what percent of your capacity is booked at this point?
Brian Rice: Tim on the interest expense, I think the primary benefit we've received here has been the falling interest rate, the falling LIBOR rates that have been out there. As I alluded to before we have plus or minus 10% at any point in time half of our debt is at a floating interest rate and we've benefited from that. I think we also may have some slight wins on the overall cost of some of the new financing that we had done relative to what we had baked in to the guidance. In terms of percentages, we're probably, I would guess just under three quarters all land booked for the year.
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Wells Fargo: Okay. Great. Thank you gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line operating Felicia Hendrix of Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning guys. Just kind of tagging onto the last question would be just under three quarters are in booked for the year. How does that compare to last year on your normal year?
Unidentified Analyst: Sure Felecia, we certainly are as we look out into Q3 and Q4 as you would extrapolate from the graphs that we showed, we are behind by '07, '08 standards. We would be ahead of where we were. You recall when we had our fourth quarter call, we talked more about the booked loads rather than the trends. Frankly given this environment, I don't think '07, '08 is quite as comparable. We're booked ahead of where we were back in '02, '03. I think what we're seeing in our modeling is that we're behaving more like we were probably back in '04 levels. And what we've tried to do is really calibrate our revenue management modeling around, what we're seeing in consumer behaviors. We try to give a low transparency into how we did in Q1, what we're seeing in Q2 and its still early but the pattern certainly seems to be developing in Q4. Frankly -- I'm sorry in Q3. Frankly Q4 would look very similar to those graphs, but we're just earlier on the booking cycle.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks. And then along those minds, kind of a different take on this. Where are you seeing those booking to have now in terms of how far out people are booking. I'm assuming that's getting a little bit longer often?
Brian Rice: Well, we actually, we looked through a lot of different sides and what to try to share this morning and we've seen certainly, if you compare the last year we have a significant greater portion booking within three months. I think if there is something encouraging in terms of where the booking curve could be going, we have seen a little bit of uptick lately in the three to six months window. Not a whole lot but there has been a little bit of movement there, and it's getting closer to equilibrium for the last couple of years. When you go beyond that six months market it's where we're seeing people really holding back in the high degree of uncertainty.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. Dan and just switching and you had said in your prepared remarks the discounting has ramped down over the past few months and Adam also had said that. Are we still seeing a lot of efforts out there from all brands Oasis and others. Particularly which are allowing consumers to only put half of the deposits down to book? So obviously we're still -- it's since is out there for people who book cruise in the resource price and these types of incentives. I'm wondering if you guys are still continuing that and also can you help us understand when the centers withstanding (ph) have been offered on the Oasis?
Dan Hanrahan: Hi Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Hi.
Dan Hanrahan: We had our ASAP program in place for the bulk of the first quarter which offered some of the elements that you were just alluding to. Many of those we did not continue without such. But this is a very competitive market. We have commented a lot about where the rates are which is not where we would like for them to be. And so, you are going to see obviously a variety of different discounting and incentive techniques designed to compel revenue generation and all of the major brands clearly are in that game and we would expect it to be that way until the market starts to trend up and hopefully we'll be able to report that in the forthcoming quarters. But right now it's a very competitive business. Oasis overall as I mentioned before is commanding really quite remarkable prices in the environment that we are in and it has, I think 37 different categories of state rooms although which we're managing individually by selling. So I would never say that there couldn't be a discount associated with Oasis but if you look at her performance on the whole, it's really quite spectacular at this point.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Great. And then, Brian just on the cost side, can you just help clarify something, the guidance that you gave for costs back when you reported in the fourth quarter, did they include the same FX benefit as to what you laid out in your release this morning?
Brian Rice: Yes. Roughly speaking, they would. What we've tried to do, we are going to continue to give you our guidance in constant dollars. I am sorry in real dollars. And we've always had that practice. But with the growth of our international business and the type of volatility that we have seen, really that began back in September. I think the graph that showed the Sterling having 25% tight movements within versus the second quarter last year, we just felt it was very important to not only point out how FX was impacting our revenues but that we do have a natural offset that when our yields do suffer from the -- the strengthening dollar, but we do have a natural offset on the cost side and that tends to help us maintain our operating cash flows.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. What I trying to get to is also used to be prior and that cruise cost ex-fuel you are looking for down five to seven and now you are looking for down six to eight. I'm just wondering if it's fair to interpret that improvement being generated by other things that you were doing internally to cut cost or is it being driven by FX?
Brian Rice: That would be predominantly because the dollar has been a little more stable since the end of January. So, what you are seeing that movement, we are comparing apples-to-apples, the five to seven, the six to eight. Most of that is being driven by the success of some of our cost management measures that we have been doing.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Can you just briefly talk about what has been the most successful and what has driven you to this new guidance?
Brian Rice: I think it's been an incredible effort by all our brands' management team. They have been very focused and trying to take advantage of the current environment. Just as we are seeing a lot of pricing pressures with our product, I think a lot of our vendors are seeing pricing pressure and I think our teams have done a great job of negotiating. And I think; I know Richard and I believe Adam both commented on the fact that best part of this is we are actually seeing some of the highest ratings we've ever seen from our guests. So it's all been done in a very methodical way but a lot of teamwork involved in getting it done.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Brian Rice: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Barry with Credit Suisse.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Hi Brian. You indicated in the press release, you expect that billion dollars plus of operating cash flow this year. Within what seems to be an implied working capital benefit, are you assuming that customer deposits now will be neutral to positive for the full year? Thanks.
Brian Rice: Sure Scott. Our customer deposits -- actually we hopefully are going to be filing our Q later today and you'll actually be able to see that customer deposits are down year-over-year and that's part of -- I mean it's not a large but that's all embedded within our yield guidance. And actually if you take our yield guidance, our customer deposits are actually doing better than you would infer from our revenue guidance that we have out there. So, in answer to your question, we are expecting customers deposits come down slightly but most of that's being driven by the value of the FX that's out there as well as the lower yield offset in part by the higher capacity.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Okay. Okay, great. Thanks Brian.
Brian Rice: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS: Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to ask about when you look at 2010 at the next Oasis class ship, do you expect that the financing this year is going to be kind of a template for the second ship? In other words, do you expect the 95% guarantee level and also the direct involvement from the Finnish government in terms of the financing itself or do you expect that to be replicated next year?
Brian Rice: Robin, I think its way too early to speculate exactly what we'll be doing. We are still more than a year and a half away from the delivery of that vessel. I think we've demonstrated by the way the Oasis came together, that we have a very good ability to go out and raise financing for these vessels. We have some excellent supporters out there and as we said with Oasis, we are not concerned about our ability to doing work. I don't want to get it anymore specific than that. I would like to mention though because I've seen some comments about the fact that people were surprised by the SEC participation. This was not unprecedented. We actually, when we did the financing to the Independents of the Seas, a little larger than 50% of the financing from Independents of the Seas was actually an investment on the part of the region's export credit finance group. They actually took a quite large tranch of the independence of the seas as an investment. And I believe that if you look into it, Finland in total has authorized somewhere in the neighborhood of about $3 billion of direct investment in exports in terms of providing liquidity and support of their export. So this is not as unprecedented as may be some may have been hard to believe.
Robin Farley - UBS: And I think part of that comes from the discussions with management where that was kind of what was conveyed. But, okay great Thank you
Brian Rice: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi good morning, can you guys hear me?
Brian Rice: Yeah.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay, Well just I thought that maybe it was Adam who mentioned that for the third quarter, three quarters of the bookings or the expected bookings would come from European customers. Am I right and is that what Adam said?
Adam Goldstein: Yes, you are correct Steve.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So my question then is dealing with the IATA and cost of brand through carnival (ph), they have always that the customer is very much a last minute booker. So I guess what I'm asking is so we're still pretty far away from that peak third quarter season, what's giving you the confidence in fact that that customer is going to show up since they are -- they tend to be last minute bookers? Second, when you look at your Q3, Q2 essentially guidance, it still implies a massive rebound in the fourth quarter and I guess I am just trying to figure out what's in the fourth quarter other than may be slightly easier comparisons that's giving you that positive tilt? And then final question in churn, are you seeing people make deposits then block the deposits and then come back in at lower prices?
Adam Goldstein: Steve your first question about what is -- how we are visible is Europe for us at this point and what are our expectations about what we will happen as the season unfolds. We've been ramping up by about one ship per year and the Royal Caribbean International brand. We feel like we have a pretty solid platform for doing our revenue management analysis. We have been present in all these countries where we are marketing today. We have long term relationships with travel agents and consumers in these markets. So, we understand that there are differences. For example countries on the Mediterranean rim] we have home port products in Barcelona or Venice for example. We understand that these are later booking markets and we are comparing year-over-year trends and we are getting our feedback from the market in terms of what will happen. The country directors in those markets are -- their optimism is consistent with the overall guidance that we've given its staked into that. In the UK, which is a very significant market for us, the customers continue to book further out in many other countries. And so when we look at our products like Independence of the Seas which is based on South Hampton and it's an important part of our European mix. We feel like we have a pretty solid platform for projecting forward performance for the rest of the season. On the other hand when we have introduced a new product for the whole summer with Vision of the Seas during shore cruises from different (inaudible) ports, there is a little bit more variability attached to that outlook. So it's all sort of baked in together and overall we feel comfortable as I mentioned in my comments that Europe is having a neutral to slightly favorable influence on our guidance as compared to three months ago.
Brian Rice: Steve, I will comment on your second and third question. In terms of Q4, we actually tried to spend a little bit more time on this call, really showing how we believe the evolution of the year would come about and we are looking for a better fourth quarter results than we do see in Q2 and Q3 in terms of yield performance. There are really four drivers. The first you mentioned the comparable. I believe last year our yields in the fourth quarter were down right in the range of around 5.9% and if you recall when we did our third quarter earnings call we were actually projecting a yield improvement in the fourth quarter. So we did see a substantial deterioration in terms of the impact from the economy and we think we have paid a large price at that point of time. We also have a significant difference from Q2 and Q3 in terms of FX. In Q2 and Q3, we're talking about 5% points of yield deterioration fully attributable to the value of the dollar or I should say the value of our foreign sales coming in. And we don't have that in Q4 right now based on the current spot rates. The third thing that will really help the fourth quarter is the Caribbean. As you rightfully pointed out there is a lot more pressure on Alaska and the more high-end products. When we get back into the Caribbean in the fourth quarter, we do drive the benefits from that. And then the fourth factor while its only one month, I think the Oasis really has been an absolutely terrific product for us. There is a lot of excitement about it. If you go on the internet and compare the pricing that she's getting, it's absolutely terrific. And frankly, I think the brand is probably experiencing some degree of a halo from that vessel and is benefiting from that as well. On your last question related to churn, we absolutely have seen churn. It was included in the first quarter. Frankly in our forecasting, we were expecting to actually see a little bit more churn than we have got and that was one of the benefits that we had ending up at 13.5% versus our prior guidance. We've have tried to bake that into our guidance. We look at this very carefully, I think our revenue management team as Richard alluded to, really does a really thorough job in evaluating and thus far has proven proving to have a lot of creditability. And I think we have baked that all into our assumption.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Adam Goldstein: Okay. I guess we're running out of time, but we'll take one more question if we could operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Hi, good morning. I'm just curious with airfares having really retracted particularly to Europe, are you starting to see any kind of correlation and the benefit to your yield and bookings now for Europe? I know it's a little bit of a speculative question, but those airfares are dropping dramatically.
Dan Hanrahan: Sharon it's a good question. We work very, very well with our travel agent partners and rely on them heavily for our business. And we've been communicating just that same fact with them. We, as I know, charts that Brian showed you, you started to see Q2 and Q3 tick up in terms of demand. And we do think that the fact that airfares have come down probably is impacting that some what.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Do you think that's been communicated well to your potential passenger base?
Dan Hanrahan: Well we are doing a good job giving the word out to our travel agents. We're letting them know and we're asking them to get the word out. I think travel agents are trying to get that word out of their selling cruises. I know when they call into us, the travel agents they are telling us that that's what they are doing. They are trying to get that word out there that airfares are down.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Okay, great. And then lastly, I guess this is always a question during times like this, are you seeing your passenger mix skew more towards weekly (ph) passengers at this point? Are you getting more first timers, people who haven't cruised before but are kind of drawn in by the low price is a good point?
Dan Hanrahan: Sharon, it's Dan again. We're seeing a fairly similar mix depending upon the brand. We haven't seen anything that's been a big, big change in terms of our mix of our guests. It'll be interesting as we go forward to see if that changes. But at this point, we're seeing fairly consistent mix.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Okay, great. Thanks.
Dan Hanrahan: You bet.
Brian Rice: Okay, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today and IM will be available throughout the day if anyone has any follow-up question. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian Rice – EVP and CFO Richard Fain – Chairman and CEO Adam Goldstein – President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International Dan Hanrahan – President and CEO of Celebrity and Azamara Cruises
Analysts: Robin Farley – UBS Steven Wieczynski – Stifel Nicolaus Scott Barry – Credit Suisse Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs Robert Robinson [ph] – Shankman Capital John Parker – Jaffray [ph]
Operator: Good morning, my name is Jessica, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruise's Limited company call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remark's, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. Brian Rice, you may begin the conference.
Brian Rice: Thank you, Jessica, and good morning, everyone. I would like to thank you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity and Azamara Cruises; and, Ian Bailey our Vice President of Investor Relations. As we have done in the past, we have posted slides on our Investor Web site www.rclinvestor.com, which we will be referring to during this call. Before we get into our results and talk about our current operating environment, I would like to remind you of our notice about forward-looking statements, which you will see on the first slide. During this call, we will be making comments, which are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involves risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filing and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined by Regulation G. And the reconciliation of these items can be found on our Web site. Richard will begin the call with a strategic overview of our business. I will follow with a brief recap of the fourth quarter, update our guidance, and provide some insight into the recent demand environment. Adam and Dan will then talk more about their brand, how we are managing business in the current environment. And then we will open the call to your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. It may surprise you to know that I have actually been looking forward to this investor conference call. Obviously, I hate having to report weaker earnings and a weaker outlook for 2009. In this disastrous economic environment, I’m sure many companies wish that they could just skip 2009 altogether. Nevertheless, there is a great deal that our management team is doing in response to this situation, and I have been looking forward to the opportunity to talk with you all more about what they have been doing. As you have seen from our press release, these responses include gratifyingly successful cost cutting effort, excellent operating performance by our brands in their respective market segments, very constructive collaboration with our travel agent partners, and strong diversification in the international markets. First, I’d like to comment on what has to be the major focus of everyone's attention, and that is the economic crisis and its impact on our business. Of course, we’re as confused as anyone as to exactly where the economy is going and how it will ultimately affect us. We already know it’s bad, but we don’t know how bad or how long. Nevertheless, we are finally beginning to get a better handle on its likely implications for our industry and for our company. Starting with the fourth quarter, we are deeply disappointed to report essentially a breakeven profit for the quarter and that we ended the year with only $2.68 in EPS. Until a few months ago, we were doing substantially better. Nevertheless, we are pleased that our management team responded early to the approaching storm. That response is reflected in our cost containment efforts, both last year and to even a greater extent in 2009. As a result of these efforts, we now expect our net cruise cost will fall by 5% to 7% per berth next year after what was a pretty good performance in 2008, I think this demonstrates how seriously we are taking the current environment. Now with respect to our booking outlook, forecasting demand is as tough as it has ever been in my 20 plus years with Royal Caribbean. On the one hand, we are terribly disappointed at the kind of pricing levels that we have to offer in this market, especially given the value of the product that we are offering. We have to suffer likely double digit declines and yield. It’s terribly, terribly frustrating. At the same time, we have fears coming into this year that the way period will be even worse, and we are actually encouraged by the pace of our early bookings. Pricing is still way lower than we would like. But the reason we are encouraged is that it seems that those prices are beginning to reach an equilibrium level. This gives us the opportunity to utilize our yield management tools on a mortal productive basis, and it gives us some feeling of comfort that there is a level of price elasticity, around which we can manage. At the same time, we are also finding that going to extreme pricing discounts in order to fill the very last cabin may not be as productive as has historically been the case. As a result, our yield projections include an assumption that we will accept slightly lower occupancy levels in order to keep pricing up and to maximize yields. Before turning it over to Brian, I would like to comment on a couple of specific elements, the first is volatility. The current economic environment has led to truly dramatic levels of volatility in areas that historically we’ve had much greater stability. For example, fuel and foreign exchange have always been variables. Historically, however, they only vary within narrow ranges and they only change slowly over time. As a result, variations in fuel prices or foreign exchange rates have little near term impact on our results. All that has changed. Fuel has become such a volatile commodity that we started reporting it separately and we started giving separate calculations on its impact. Even that has recently proven difficult as daily or even hourly fluctuations mean that the cost levels don’t necessarily follow the pattern one expects when looking at macro trend analysis. The same is increasingly becoming true of foreign exchange. The volatility of foreign exchange rates has recently become so high that we’ve added it to the list of factors we discuss separately the way we do for fuel. Another reason foreign exchange has become a more important variable for us is the growth of our international business. We have enjoyed solid improvement in the proportion of our business coming from overseas. And this inevitably means that foreign exchange will play an increasingly important role in our finances. Therefore, both the volatility of exchange rates and the increasing diversification of our sourcing markets have led us to talk more about currency impact. Lastly, I’d like to make some comments on our fundamental business model. The cruise industry in general, and Royal Caribbean in particular, have proven remarkably able to withstand even truly dramatic shocks to our system. At the same time, I have to admit that I am getting tired of proving that over and over again. But I am pleased to say that we are still demonstrating that type of resiliency even today. The most important element, of course, is the attitude of our guests. The current economic crisis weighs heavily on them, and it clearly results in a significant and a lasting cultural change in consumer attitudes and their purchasing behavior. On the other hand, the evidence today reaffirms our belief that consumers still consider their vacations important. And cruising continues to offer the best vacation around. Another reason for our resilience is our relations with the trade. In difficult times, they get the word out about what a great value cruising offers in a way that the cruise lines simply can't do on our own. This is a tough time for the travel agents too. And we continue to work hard to help them and to keep justifying their trust in us. One recent example is our ASAP program, and it's a good example of what we are doing, and is part of the reason we have the strongest relationship with our travel partners than anyone. One additional factor that is buttressing our business is the success of our new ships. As Gene Sloan of USA Today recently said, "No doubt about it.” And I’m quoting here, “No doubt about it, Royal Caribbean is building the most innovative, stylish, and downright beautiful ships in the business these days.” I should add that these ships are also some of the most cost effective ships around. Their economy of scale is terrific, and they are producing dramatically higher revenues and lower costs. The result is that even in these crazy times, they are substantial cash flow generators and will produce good rates of return. But there are other long term implications that grow out of the current environment. First of all, as we noted above, we have responded with an aggressive cost cutting program. That program has proven remarkably effective at cutting costs without undermining our product delivery. More importantly, we are implementing this program in a manner designed to benefit our long term operating strategy. In addition, the current economic environment will have a lot of implications for our supply and demand scenarios. As we go forward with less capacity growth in the long term, this will enable us to shift our focus from purely capacity growth or earnings improvement from capacity growth. Another factor that I’d like to just touch on is international growth. Regional economic conditions and foreign currency changes are increasingly relevant to every company, but especially to one growing internationally. While cutting costs throughout the organization we have not cut back our strategy and substantially growing our non-US sourcing. In fact, we continue to increase our investment in international growth despite our cost cutting program. This may lead to some short term earnings penalty. But in the long term, it diversifies our sources and increasing our – and increases our opportunities. The cost figures that I mentioned above therefore include increased international expenditures, and I think that only re-emphasizes how significant the other cost cutting measures are. Lastly, for any business, but specially a capital intensive business like ours, cash is king. Our company like so many others is increasing the focus we place on cash flow as opposed solely to earnings. CapEx is being curtailed, rates of return scrutinized, and priority given to cash generation over immediate earnings opportunities. These are difficult times, what has happened to our revenues and our immediate prospects is painful to each and everyone here. Our management team, our sales leaders, our revenue managers, our onboard staff, in fact every single employee of Royal Caribbean is impacted by what is happening in the economic environment in which we live today. We all feel it deeply, but we are all convinced that what will separate us from so many others is the underlying strength of our business and the total commitment to do what is required to respond to these challenges in a manner that is calculated, comprehensive, and ultimately and most importantly, successful. With that I express my thanks and my appreciation to all of our 45,000 employees. And with that, I will turn it back to Brian to go through the results and the projections in a little more detail, Brian?
Brian Rice: Thank you, Richard. We’d like to briefly go through the fourth quarter results. As we said in the press release, our earnings per share were pending to the fourth quarter is $2.68 per share for the year. On slide two, you can see revenue yields for this quarter were nearly 5.9%, which was slightly lower than our previous guidance of down 4% to 5%. (inaudible) came in about as expected during the quarter, although we were hurt somewhat by the stronger dollar. And unlike the first three quarters of the year we began to see pressure on onboard revenue, especially in gaming. On the cost side net cruise cost, excluding fuel per APCD came in 1.7% below last year, slightly better than our previous guidance. Included in our costs was an unexpected supplemental P&I insurance club call, related to group claims from 2006 to 2008. The call amounted to $13.3 million. Had it not been for this call, our net cruise costs excluding fuel for APCD would have been down 3.6%. Our fuel expense came in at $182 million for the quarter, which was $36 million higher than anticipated at the time of our last call. Although WTI prices fell throughout the quarter, our fuel cost actually increased due to several factors. Operationally, several of our lowest priced ports were unavailable for bunkering because of weather interruptions and we experienced some temporary disruptions for several of our newly installed diesel engines on our gas turbine vessels. We believe these are isolated events, and overall, we are very pleased with their performance. Our at the pump prices significantly lagged the following WTI prices, and since our costs are based on the FIFO accounting methodology and not spot pricing, this compounded the gap between our actual cost and what we have been seeing with WTI prices. Additionally, this was the most volatile pricing environment we had seen. And the timing of our purchases resulted in higher fuel costs than we modeled. We have made some adjustments to our methodology should improve our calculations going forward. Other income improved by approximately $10 million in the quarter. The largest change here was caused by revaluation of customer deposits and foreign currency. As we have said in the past this is a natural offset to foreign currency impact from revenue. So while we had some ins and outs for the quarter, in summary, if we had not had the unexpected supplemental P&I insurance call, our earnings per share would have come in right at the midpoint of our guidance. Going to skip over the full year results, which are available in our press release. However, I would like to point out that for the year our yield did increase 0.05%, which is very gratifying given the condition of the economy. Now I would like to provide you with an update on the booking environment. On slide three we have provided a graph that shows the trends for our booking volumes and pricing levels 2009 sailing and carried to the same period last year for 2008 sailing. The red line shows the year-over-year changes volume of new guest booking. The blue line illustrates how our pricing in new booking compares to the pricing we were getting in the same time last year. As you may recall, we previously commented on the deterioration of booking volume during September and the steeper fall offs we experienced during October. As a consequence, we began discounting 2009 sailings rather aggressively throughout the month of October. During November and December, we saw a gradual increase in new booking volumes. And since the beginning of the wave period, we have seen booking levels consistent with last year. Pricing remains well below last year’s level, but has begun to stabilize. Now that our booking volume is more at equilibrium, pricing has begun to level off. We can begin to get a better understanding of consumer behavior and elasticity. I would like to give you a little insight at a high level into how our revenue management team uses this information to manage our business. In our press release, we mentioned that our booking window has shown significant compression recently. The simple way to demonstrate this is to compare how far in advance the vacation the average customer is booking their cruise. On slide four, you can see that until last fall, on average, our customers have traditionally booked their cruise approximately five months prior to sail date. Since the economic environment began deteriorating in September, we have seen a steady contraction in the booking window. And today our average customer is booking a departure only about four months away. As a consequence, on slide five, you can see that our booked load factors for 2009 sailings are well behind where they were at the same point in time during the 2005 through 2008 period. We are booked about the same as we were in 2004, but well ahead of where we were during the two years after September 11th. Understanding when the customers prepare to buy is a very important input into our revenue management. Traditionally, we put quite a bit of weight on how various products and markets are behaving due to recent experience. However, given the dramatic shift in customer behaviors, we have modified our modeling, consider inputs from the past when the booking patterns more closely resemble what we are seeing today. On slide six, we have graphed the same booking and pricing trend lines we showed you a minute ago for the full year for just first quarter sailing. Here you can see that as we move closer to sailing date, the period when consumers are ready to buy, we can achieve significant improvement in booking volumes without further price deterioration. Now, I would like to provide you with our forward-looking guidance for 2009. I would like to first remind you that the contracted booking window limits our visibility and necessitates a wider range of guidance we have provided in the past. On slide seven, we will see our yield projections for the year anticipates the decline of between 9% and 13%. We have assumed that the challenging pricing environment we are experiencing today continues for the rest of the year. We have also assumed that onboard spending pressures will remain and are consistent with the last couple of months’ performance. As we said previously, so far we are seeing the traditional increase in booking that occurs during the wave period and our customers are buying cruises. Nonetheless, given the economic climate, we expect consumers to remain very price focused as these pressures continue. On the cost side, we remain vigilant about lowering our expenses without compromising the guest experience, or the support we provide to our travel agent partners. In 2009, we are forecasting our net cruise cost, excluding fuel, to decline between 5% and 7% for APCD. The figure includes the impact of our $125 million savings initiative we announced back in July as well as continued efforts on the part of our management team, the levered synergies across the organization, and take advantage of new deflationary opportunities. Our management and key vendors have really stepped up, found very creative ways lowering our expenses without affecting our product. In addition, we are benefiting from the strengths of the dollar and SG&A in some of our running expenses. As you know, Pullmantur is our only brand that does not have the US dollar as its functional currency. If we use a constant dollar basis for Pullmantur, our revenue yields will improve by just over 1% point and our net cruise cost for APCD would increase by just under 1% point. On our last call, we gave a preliminary number for 2009 fuel expense of $635 million. And as mentioned, we were 39% hedged. Today, we are 47% hedged for 2009, and based on today’s at the pump prices, we would now project fuel expense for 2009 to be approximately $580 million. At this level, our fuel cost for APCD will be about 25% lower than in 2008. Our earnings per share guidance is rather broad at this point, given the contracted booking window. However, the midpoint of our earnings per share forecast is approximately $1.40. We are projecting yield declines in all four quarters, with the most significant coming in the first three quarters of the year, mainly due to prior year comparable. For the first quarter, we are projecting yields to be down between 14% and 16%. This projection is net of the $30 million were funded in fuels supplements for the quarter, which caused us about 2.5% points in yield. Net cruise costs for the first quarter are projected to be down between 4% and 6%. And in today’s prices, we would expect fuel expense to be about $165 million and we are 58% hedged. Earnings per share for the quarter are expected to be a loss of between $0.30 and $0.35. Now I’d like to briefly update you on our liquidity. As of December 31st, we had approximately $1 billion in liquidity, including $400 million in cash, cash equivalent, and $625 million in our unsecured revolving credit facility. And as Richard mentioned, we have placed a high degree of emphasis on cash. As you know, our Solstice class new builds have solid financing commitments. And with the support of Finnvera, the export credit agency of Finland, we’re confident that we will be able to secure the necessary financing for the two Oasis class vessels. Despite a very difficult revenue environment, we are confident we will end 2009 with a strong liquidity position. Nonetheless, we continue to explore opportunities to improve our positions, including, possibly expending some maturity, and monetizing derivatives that is the result of the economy are significantly in the money. I want to emphasize that we are confident in our position. A belief it is prudent to continue to improve our financial strength, to weather the tough economic condition. I would like to now turn the call over to Adam for his comments about the Royal Caribbean International brand. Adam?
Adam Goldstein: Thank you, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Market conditions were difficult for the fourth quarter and we were not able to maintain the momentum, which we have been enjoying earlier in 2008. And we’re determined to generate as much demand for Royal Caribbean International as possible in the current challenging environment. It is too early to judge the success of the new marketing campaign we launched during the quarter. We are confident that campaigns emphasis on our brand’s spirit of innovation and delivery of wow moments will resonate with both repeat and prospective guests going forward as well as with travel agents whose continuing support we very much appreciate. As mentioned last quarter, our revenue weakness we are facing stretches across our product portfolio. To the extent, there is relative strength that’s in the Caribbean seven night cruise market and in Mexico. To the extent, there is relative weakness – it is in our newer, more internationally oriented products in the Alaska market and in short cruises. Given the significant increase in European capacity, we are naturally concerned about the upcoming season. We have been generating the volume we were required to fill our ships in Europe. For the question to be answered is rate development for the next few months. While we remain optimistic about our global growth opportunities, a slowdown on bookings and a number of our priority international markets was even more pronounced during the fourth quarter than the slowdown in North American bookings. For example, as recently as October, we were on trend to enjoy a successful Brazilian summer season. Then the global economic crisis and the sharp currency devaluation significantly affected our Brazilian bookings. In January, we have seen a market increase in volume. But this improvement is coming too late for us to meet our revenue objectives for Brazil. Other markets that have been especially challenging includes Singapore, and Spanish-speaking Latin America. On the other hand, the UK and German markets are enjoying a positive wave season to date, and Australia is showing promise. Onboard revenue typically does not fluctuate as widely as ticket revenue. This remains true in the current environment where onboard revenue is meaningfully down, but not to the same degree that ticket deals are down. Gaming is contributing about half of the decline. The rest is spread across various area and also reflects the effects of lower occupancy on some of our developmental products. Shore excursions and sail telephony are areas of relative onboard revenue strength. Obviously in this environment, we are sharply focused on cost control. Our fourth quarter results reflect that we have identified numerous opportunities to minimize expense while maintaining the quality of our award-winning products. We will continue to find more such opportunities during 2009. At the same time, guest satisfaction levels are consistent with those of recent years. And our guests from the internationally first products are more satisfied than they were on those products a year ago. Finally, I am pleased to note that the construction of Oasis of the Seas is progressing well, and the sense of anticipation within our team for having this remarkable ship within our fleet continues to grow. The ship successfully floated out last November and we recently announced 11 extra revenue nights for the ships this coming December. Although the overall revenue environment is difficult, as we have been discussing, the booking outlook for Oasis of the Seas remains positive through the early wave season. Dan?
Dan Hanrahan: Thank you, Adam, and good morning, everyone. Results for the fourth quarter for Celebrity are similar to what you heard Brian and Adam described. Business conditions in the quarter were challenging and the flow of the momentum we had enjoyed through the first three quarters of the year. We found late season year to be particularly challenging. We have seen a positive shift recently in demand patterns that’ll be at the expense of reduced rates. Our sales and marketing programs are tactical efforts to finish fill in the winter Caribbean season and generate the necessary demand for Europe and Alaska beginning in the second quarter. These efforts have been focused equally on the consumer and the trade. We announced our ASAP program, that is our Agents Support Assistance Program, to support the travel trade, which included temporary increase commissions and co-op supports aimed at helping the distribution systems through these challenging times. We believe that travel trade distribution system is very important to our success, and the ASAP program will play an important role in our booking this wave season. Early indications are the ASAP program has been helpful to the trade and to our booking. We definitely have been the beneficiary of the trade attention, and they are reporting an increase of their efforts to sell our brand. We believe a healthy distribution system is important to our success today and in the future. Onboard revenue was a mixed bag in the fourth quarter. Beverage, shore excursions, spa and communication services held up well. Onboard shopping and gambling were off versus ’07. The first few sailings of January are showing similar trend. Our operations team and our shipboard personnel are instituting a number of onboard marketing programs, hence an increase in onboard revenue in the areas, I guess seem more predisposed to spend. Our new Solstice ship was a strong exception to the trends we have been seeing. We were pleased with ticket and especially pleased with onboard revenue during the quarter. While I was in the shipyard in August, I knew we had something special in Solstice. And even I had to admit, I was caught off guard at how successful the launch of Solstice was. And quite frankly, continues to be. Countless travel agents and press told me Solstice with the best ship lines they have ever experienced? Our sales people tell me travel agents can’t stop talking about her. Solstice has been transformational for the celebrity brand. We continue to be very excited with how strong onboard revenues are after the inaugural in holiday sailing. In a time when revenue is challenging, we are exceeding their expectations in almost every onboard area. The ship was designed and built with the intention of giving our guests what they’ve told us they were looking for in terms of onboard spend and it’s working. And as we intended her to be, Solstice has proven to be our most cost efficient ship. It is very gratifying to see the efforts of our shore side and ship board teams pay off so well. Our attention to cost, as you heard Brian and Adam, continues to be successful. Our progress on cost while increase in our guest satisfaction rates has been gratifying. We had the most successful awards in the history of our brand, earning top honors from amongst many. The best cruise line recognition from Conde Nast Traveller and The Guardian and The Observer, all in the UK. We also received top premium cruise line honors from Travel Weekly, which is voted by travel agents here in the US. We realized we are in a tough revenue environment and are taking this very serious steps to optimize our revenue and manage our expenses. But we are encouraged by the support from our travel trade partners, the brand accolades we continue to receive, the early success of Solstice, and we’re looking forward to launch the Equinox system. Brian?
Brian Rice: Thank you, Dan. Jessica, we’d now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We will pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley – UBS: Several questions. One is the additional cost cutting that you announced today. Am I right that in just back in the envelope that that looks like an additional $150 million or so to what you – in addition to the $150 million that you announced in the summer? I guess unless I’m doing the Math not right. And then also, if that is the case, that seems like a very significant increment on (inaudible) of major cost cutting already, and just looking for sort of more color on that. And then I do have two or three other little questions as well.
Brian Rice: Robin, it’s Brian. Your calculations are generally a ballpark. I would give you a little more color. I think the most substantive of things we’ve done, we haven’t had any more of the types of actions that took place in July. Most of the focus has been under our program that we call FIS, which stands for Financial Improvement Scheme. And its been groups of our management team getting together, finding synergies across the brand, finding efficiency. I mean, quite frankly, one of the biggest opportunities we’ve seen available to us is taking advantage of deflation that we’re seeing in the market. So our yield projections for next year down between 9% and 13%. We’re seeing a lot of pressure on all businesses stay and the fact that they’re able to leverage opportunities through price concession. So we’ve been very aggressive in that. I did mention that we also had some benefits from exchange gain. I quantified the Pullmantur different for you because we have a different functional currency, but we also have expenses for Royal Caribbean Celebrity. And as a more of – that we incur in foreign currency. All our European ships has feasible expenses at zero. The brilliant fleece is denominated in Sterling, but there are other factors that are playing in there. But by far, the largest expense was leveraging the new environment for price concession.
Robin Farley – UBS: So some of the $155 million in additional cost cutting is due to currency changes?
Brian Rice: Yes, some of it is. But it’s not the largest portion.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay, great. That was a (inaudible) about the currency. Then, I could see – you made a comment about your liquidity, about monetizing derivatives. And I wonder if you could give a little more color on that and I guess my question about financing needs would be about Oasis and the 20% that’s not guaranteed by the government, the 20% that was due upon delivery. And I’m just wondering if you are going to be sort of typical kind of wonders and instruments to what you’ve done historically for that financing and just a more color on your comment about derivative.
Brian Rice: I want to emphasize, Robin, that we were very comfortable with our liquidity position right now and have no need to do anything. But I wanted to give examples that we are working on things that do have interest rates flops that are quite a bit in the money that we could look if we chose to quantify. So we were about to 50%, 56% loading, so we have some gains on those. But again, we’re going to look and be opportunistic with them when they make sense. The requirement that I just wanted to share with the group that we are being very creative in exploring ways of continuing to improve our financial strength when it makes sense for it. In terms of the Oasis financing, I can tell you we’ve had some conversations in partnership with – and variant partnership with our lenders. I don’t want to go into details at this point, when it’s on to announce something, we will. But I will just emphasize that we are comfortable with our abilities to get the Oasis financing done.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay, great. Thanks. And just my last question is you mentioned, in the opening comments of Richard, mentioned that you would be willing to sacrifice from points of occupancy in order to maintain price. I guess I just want to ask how that sort of sit with the idea that it’s seen on 20% or 25% of your revenue is from onboard that you would be sacrificing. A lot of that aspect of yield, if your occupancy is lower, just want to understand better that strategy.
Brian Rice: And Robin, I do appreciate that this is will be your last question.
Robin Farley – UBS: Sure. That’s it, yes.
Brian Rice: I do want to say that I think, Adam alluded to it in his remarks that particularly for some of our developmental products, you get to a point of diminishing returns in lowering price to sell those last percentages of load factor points. We’re not talking about wholesale changes in our strategy. We certainly recognize contributions because of onboard revenues. And that is one of the components that our revenue management decision making. I think, it is likely that you will see some decline in our load factors, but not substantial decline. It’s not a fundamental shift in strategy.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Wieczynski of Stifel Nicolaus.
Brian Rice: Steve? Operator, if we can move to the next question and maybe Steve will come back to us.
Operator: Okay. Steve, your line is open
Steven Wieczynski – Stifel Nicolaus: Hey Brian, can you hear me?
Brian Rice: Yes.
Steven Wieczynski – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Hey, when you look at your guidance, your yield guidance for 2009 in the negative 9% to 13% range, can you kind of – we looked further outward the back half of the year. I know it’s – your visibility is very low. But to me, the 9% to 13% still seems a little aggressive for the full year. Just going to – kind of what you guys are thinking towards the back half of the year?
Brian Rice: Sure. I think I tried to provide them my comments that our view right now, the mid point of our guidance is pretty much assuming that the economic climate that we’re experiencing today continues. We’re not looking at a recovery from the current climate. But we’re also not looking for any significant deterioration from what we’re seeing today. We’ve tried to take into our assumption the business as is, if you will, and our read on the elasticity of the customer. I did mention in all four quarters, we are looking for yield decline and those yield declines that rather substantial particularly in the first three quarters this year. I think Adam and Dan alluded to the fact that Alaska and Europe were feeling more pressure on so we tried to be prudent in our projections for the December seasons as well. What happens in the back half of the year – recognized we just had a 5.9% yield decline and our comparable to get achieved here. Going back to how our (inaudible) performed as well, the greatest thing, for instance, were in Q1, which would be our more difficult comparable. So again, we’ve just kind of assumed that the current economic climate is about as is, which we felt was the most prudent way to go about providing projection.
Steven Wieczynski – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, I got you. And then, last question, just – this may be a question for Dan or Adam, but in this environment, are you seeing an uptake in first time cruisers? And also, what kind of demand have you seen for, what I would consider, drive-to ports?
Adam Goldstein: Hi, this is Adam. Actually, on your – the first part of your question, no, we’re seeing a little bit more experienced cruiser activity at those points. And I suspect that in the economy that is characterized by fair amount of turmoil, people who already have experienced and already understand the inherent value of cruising – it’s not surprising that they’re a little bit more likely to respond. And that’s what we’re seeing. That’s not very significant. We’re talking about a few percentage points, but generally a little bit more experienced cruiser activity.
Steven Wieczynski – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom – I’m sorry – Tim Conder with Wachovia Wells Fargo. Tim, your line is open and you may proceed with your question.
Brian Rice: Operator, if we could try the next one.
Operator: Okay. Next question is from the line of Scott Barry with Credit Suisse.
Brian Rice: Scott?
Operator: Scott, your line is open.
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse: Could you hear me?
Brian Rice: Yes. We can hear you, Scott.
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse: Yes. Just plugging in those ranges that you gave, looks like it’s a fairly healthy – it’s a fairly healthy range there roughly above the downside and 220 on the upside. So is that ballpark? Is it fair to say that at above 40 that maybe you’re a little bit more comfortable at the lower or the downside end of those ranges?
Brian Rice: Scott, I think the $1.40 is our best estimate of our EPS right now given the inputs of the ranges that we’ve given you. We try to provide 50-50 forecast whenever we prepare one where there’s a 50% chance that we’d complete it and a 50% chance that we’ll fall short. We’re giving you our best information, much transparency and – but also try to give you the fact that there is a wide range particularly on the yield out there.
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Hi. Good morning, guys. So just a couple of questions. Back to the occupancy rates, I was wondering what is your guidance implying they are now?
Brian Rice: Felicia, I would – we haven’t given any specific guidance in our press release. I would probably say that we’re looking at maybe a couple of low factor points lower than we would normally be.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. It still kind of like a 98%, 97% – something like – or even – but I mean – my main question is, are you basing it against 105-ish number or against a 100 number?
Brian Rice: It would be off the 105 number.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then also, what kind of increase in travel agent commissions are in your forecast?
Dan Hanrahan: Yes, I can take that one, Felicia. It’s Dan. The ASAP program is a temporary program. It runs from January to February. And what we did is we gave a 1% – a one point increase percent for that time period. So that will have some impact on the us then. It’s not going to be – you’re not going to see a huge shift in travel agent commissions in 2009 from us as a result of this program. But it has been a very helpful program to the trade during the – during the wave period.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Yes. I appreciate. I’m sorry. I just wanted to say that they really appreciated it.
Richard Fain: Well, yes. Felicia. Thank you. They really have and I think that helps us. And I would like to actually just amplify that because I think when we talk about our yields here, there’ve been a couple of questions about occupancy and about travel agent commissions. And we really look at the net of all that and the onboard revenue, and all of those things play in. So sometimes, we would trade off higher occupancy or lower occupancy, higher travel agent commissions, against higher ticket price so we try and balance all those things and we’ve never tried to predict the specifics of any one of those components but we said, as they go through. In theory, we ought to be indifferent, for example, between a ship that is 100% full at $100 or 98% at $102 all in. That includes onboard and everything else. In fact, there’s also the dock on effect because sometimes when you offer extreme discounts, you also undermine the fundamental integrity of your price, and overtime that whittles away at your – your all together revenue. So we’re not picking them apart individually. We’re just saying we look at all of those hopefully in a holistic manner, and our estimate of where we end up looking at them altogether.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Understood. And finally Brian, I’m just trying to understand the timing of the Oasis loan. Typically how much time prior to delivery do you have to secure the – secure the ship specific on secured term loans?
Brian Rice: There is no set time frame. I think, generally speaking, we would have our financing in place five, six months prior to the ship delivery.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. So is it just what’s going on in the environment now that’s holding up some typical timing? Or are you – are you holding out for better rates? Or what’s driving that?
Brian Rice: So Felicia, the ship – the maiden voyage of Oasis is not until December 1st.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Right.
Brian Rice: Frankly, we’re well ahead of the curve in our conversations that we’ve been having under – with the expert credit agency.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay, okay. Good.
Brian Rice: Again, I’ll emphasize that we’ve been in conversations and we have a good feeling about what we are going to be able to do from it.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay, and you already have commitments via financial institutions?
Brian Rice: For all the Solstice five ships, all four remaining deliveries, we have financial institutions lined up as well as the (inaudible). For Oasis, we have the Finnvera guarantee, but we are discussions with financial institutions now.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay, okay. Thank you.
Brian Rice: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: Good morning. Couple of questions. In terms of the outlook for Q2 and Q3 – obviously it’s still a little early for Q4 – a year ago you had deals down about – or up about 1%. Is it fair to assume at this point that Q1 might be the most difficult quarter because of the comparison – because of the recent turmoil in the economy. And do we expect Q2 to be better and Q3 possible even better?
Brian Rice: Yes, I don’t want to give specific guidance for Q2 and Q3 right now, but I can tell you that we’re not looking at very good yield performance in Q2 and Q3. We are seeing pressure in Alaska. We are seeing pressure in Europe. We have taken pretty significant deterioration in our yield performance in Q2 and Q3 in the guidance we’ve given you.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: And onboard played a big part in the last quarter. 11% and I think you mentioned that you were looking at the last couple of months, or Adam mentioned that. Are those trends continuing at a similar rate? Are we looking at about 10% declines?
Adam Goldstein: So I come back to you with my comments that I’ve read before. The ticket revenue swing overall is greater than that of the onboard revenue swing. So when we give you a range of 9%, 13% down for 2009, the range for onboard, if we would give it, would be lower and predicted higher in order to make the average. So we have really tried by every revenue stream to try to project for throughout the year based on everything that we felt last year and everything that we’re seeing at the moment so that it makes the right contribution to our forecast. And it is down. And it is down across the year, but not as much as they could have downed.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: Okay.
Richard Fain: I might just add to what Adam said. I think that’s particularly true of the royal and celebrity brands. In Europe, we are actually seeing more of a hit on the onboard revenue side than proportionately so. In Pullmantur, we’re actually having more impact on the onboard revenue than on the ticket revenue. Pullmantur had a really very bad ticket revenue environment in ’08, that’s last year. And therefore, its ticket revenue comparables are easier, but its onboard revenue is actually, for ’09, worse than its – appears to be worse than its ticket revenue impairment.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: Okay. Thank you, Richard. One more question and I’m done. If you’re financing for the Oasis, they are giving you a liquidity cash revolver, you wouldn’t need to access the capital markets in 2009. Is that fair?
Brian Rice: That’s correct.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: Okay. Thank you.
Richard Fain: Although I just want to – as Brian said in his comments, clearly today, cash is gaining liquidity, is gaining. And so, the idea of taking steps to improve our liquidity if there’s an opportunity. If there’s an opportunity, it’s obviously something we would be looking at.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: So it’s opportunistic, not a need.
Richard Fain: Right.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Hi. Good morning. Can you just talk about what the FX impact in net yield and EPS was for the full year 2008? And then, could you just give us the quarterly FX impact so we can model better for 2009? And then just one other question, what percentage of the bookings are coming in direct or through the internet? And I guess I would ask once again, why isn’t that more of a focus rather than raising travel agent commissions given the high returns of that strategy.
Brian Rice: Steve, I’ll take the first part on FX, and then ask Adam or Dan to comment on the direct strategy. I don’t have in front of me the FX for ’08. And I certainly don’t have it by quarter for ’09 for you. I can tell you that we commented on the last call about the impact of FX in the fourth quarter mainly because of the change in the guidance that occurred to our revenue and to our cost. And we wanted to show you the change Q3 to Q4. As Richard mentioned in his remarks, FX is becoming a much more significant issue for us as we’ve seen a lot more volatility and as we diversified our international decks. I can tell you that, today, we are looking at a little more than 1% impact on yields as a result of Pullmantur’s currency. And a little less than 1% point impact on net cruise costs as a result of Pullmantur. What we’re working with and we hope to be able to give you more transparency in the future is the impact that FX is having on Royal Caribbean and Celebrity in a much more complicated way because those brands have a US dollar functional currency. And the way we’re recognizing our revenue is done at each voyage and the currency on that date. And the way we’re doing our AP is the average during the course of (inaudible). So we’re trying to figure out how we can give you better guidance on that and more transparency into it on a year-over-year basis. Frankly, right now, it’s not a huge element.
Adam Goldstein: Steve, this is Adam. In respect of our direct business, in round numbers, the 80%, 20% roll is in effect. About 80% of our business is coming from the trade. About 20% of our business is coming direct. We’ve asked about that on many of the calls. And we’ve generally said that the percentage of our direct business is growing very incrementally, sort of coming up through the high teens over the last few years. Richard mentioned before that we truly believe that we have the best relationship in the business with the trade to produce 80% of our revenue. And maintaining that relationship, fortifying if it were possible in the current difficult circumstances. It’s a very high priority for us. So trying to substantially increase our direct business in this timeframe would run counter to a key priority for our revenue generation efforts.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks.
Richard Fain: And Steve, if I can just again amplify on that because I think – I don’t want you to get the idea that this is a bad commercial decision, but we do in order to maintain the relationship. We honestly believe, we’ve been consistent about this for many years, that what we are getting for those commissioned dollars is well worth the expense. We simply believe, as a matter of dollars and cents, that the travel agent community is good business for us. And that’s why we continue to use that as our absolutely dominant way of obtaining business going forward.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Robinson [ph] with Shankman Capital.
Robert Robinson – Shankman Capital: Hey, guys. I was just wondering if you guys have a strategy for what you are thinking of about the maturity you have coming in 2010 in terms of the bonds and loans.
Brian Rice: Robert, it’s Brian. We’re obviously looking at our liquidity not only through ’09, but into 2010, 2011 and beyond. Again, we feel very comfortable with our current liquidity. There will likely be opportunities for us to consider extended maturity. At this point in time, we’re not relying upon any of those given our liquidity forecast and certainly our revolver. Our business still generates a tremendous amount of cash. But as Richard alluded to, we do want to strengthen our financial position, and we will be opportunistic. And we, obviously, will be in discussions throughout the course (inaudible) what opportunities are available to us. And if they make economic sense, we will be taking advantage of those.
Robert Robinson – Shankman Capital: Okay. I was just curious though, where do you see leverage peaking to?
Brian Rice: I don’t have the percentages in front of me. But if you’re question revolves around many of our covenants, I can tell you we are substantially below any of those thresholds well.
Robert Robinson – Shankman Capital: No. I was thinking more by just looking at cash flow leverage and thinking about what the cost of capital is going to be getting up to going to 2009 and into 2010. If this economic period really continues and it’s as bad as people think and people are seeing it as a great depression, and I see the continued spending. So I’m just wondering as cost of capital continues to rise, wouldn’t it be more prudent to slowdown some of these expenditures you have laid out for the next few years?
Brian Rice: Robert, I’ll just briefly. And I might suggest if you could give Ian Bailey a call after this call. And he can share with you a lot more specifics. But we have very advantageous financing available to us. For example, since our last call, we entered into a share agreement for Solstice five that we have the option to take advantage of Tier rates for our ship delivery in 2012. It has 12 years, some of the amortizing loans and interest rate of 4.13%. So we do have very attractive financing available to us at our election. But I think – if you could follow up with Ian, he can take you through all our Solstice financing arrangements as well as the guarantees that we have for our finished ships.
Robert Robinson – Shankman Capital: Okay. So despite the current economic downtrend, you really feel like you should be continuing ahead and the banks are still there for you?
Brian Rice: Yes.
Robert Robinson – Shankman Capital: As a (inaudible) exchange?
Brian Rice: All our German ships have very solid financing arrangements. We’re armed with DCI credit as we go after our finished ship.
Robert Robinson – Shankman Capital: Thank you.
Brian Rice: Okay. Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Yes, sir. And that question is from the line of John Parker with Jaffray [ph].
John Parker – Jaffray: Yes. You sort of just answered this, but have you had any discussions with your shipyards about potentially deferring deliveries of the ships way out – down the road?
Brian Rice: John, we – the ships that we have on order, we’re very excited to bring in. Dan told you – talked a little bit about the Solstice introduction and how tremendously she’s been received. She’s doing absolutely stellar with onboard revenue as well as ticket revenue. We have another Solstice flagship coming out this summer, and Oasis in December. And the advanced bookings on both vessels are very strong. These ships, even with the CapEx, they generate a tremendous amount of cash. And even in the current economic climate, we’re very excited about having them as part of our fleet.
John Parker – Jaffray: Okay. And then, this is just answered also, but I didn’t quite understand your – this is asked, but I didn’t quite understand your answer. You said that you’re looking at extending costly staying debt maturities. Can you give any more color what you mean by – how you would go about extending the maturities?
Brian Rice: Again, I’d like to stay away from any specifics, but what I’m talking about is there are opportunities for a lot of different things that we could do in order to improve our financial strength. Again, I’d like to emphasize the fact that we’re not dependent upon doing any of these things. But I just wanted to give you some sense of the types of ongoing activity that our Treasury team has been saying if we can improve our financial strength. There are opportunities for some of the maturities that are out there for us to have negotiations about extending those. But at this time, we have no specifics that we want to share. I just want to let you know that we’re paying attention to those things and we’re working them as they extend for us.
John Parker – Jaffray: Okay. Thank you very much for your help.
Brian Rice: Okay, John. Operator, I think that’s – we’re out of time. So I’d like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We truly appreciate your time, and your questions, and your interest. And as I mentioned earlier, Ian will be available throughout the day for any follow ups that you might have. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian J. Rice - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Richard D. Fain – Chairman, Chief Executive Office Adam M. Goldstein - President and Chief Executive Officer - Royal Caribbean International Daniel J. Hanrahan - President and Chief Executive Officer - Celebrity Cruises Ian Bailey - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Robin Farley - UBS Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Scott Barry - Credit Suisse Timothy Conder - Wachovia Capital Markets Bob Simonson - William Blair David Leibowitz - Horizon Bob LaFleur - SIG Dag Sletmo - ABG Sundal Collier Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brittany and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions)
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Brittany, and good morning, everyone. I’d like to thank you for joining us this morning for our third quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International, Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity and Azamara Cruises, and Ian Bailey, our recently appointed Vice President of Investor Relations. As we have done in the past, we have posted slides on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com, which we will be referring to during this call. Before we get into our results and talk about the current operating environment, I would like to remind you of our notice about forward-looking statements which you will see on the first slide.  During this call we will be making comments which are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and do involve risks and uncertainties. Examples are described in our SEC filings and other disclosures. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures which are non-GAAP defined by Regulation G, and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. Richard will begin with an overview of our position. I will follow with a brief recap of the third quarter, update our guidance, give some insights into the recent demand environment, and details about our capital structure. Adam and Dan will then talk more about their brand, how we are managing the business, and the current environment. 
Richard D. Fain : Thank you, Brian, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. There’s been a lot happening over the last three months since our last earnings call. Until very recently most of all that was happening was good news. Our bookings remained strong despite a weak economy, operating costs were coming down nicely, fuel prices were falling sharply, and our brands were performing extremely well.  Then a little over a month ago we witnessed a historic change in the financial markets and in many of the key drivers of our business. The resulting deterioration in consumer confidence and spending now requires us to confront new realities. I wish we knew with certainty the depth and the duration of the credit crunch and the economic slowdown that we face. Unfortunately, we don’t have all the answers anymore than anyone else.  One interesting aspect for us is the need to recalibrate our forecast for a different pattern of consumer behavior. Historically we’ve been very successful in using the pace and type of current bookings to predict future demand. We have enormous volumes of data that allow us to extrapolate future bookings based on how people are buying cruises today and what their price elasticity is. Unfortunately, the current turmoil came suddenly and disrupted our normal patterns.  In addition, the feedback we get from our guests and from our travel agent partners clearly demonstrates that the consumer is as confused about the economic situation as anyone and consumers hate uncertainty just as much as we do. As we’ve seen in other analogous situations, during times of sudden change and high uncertainty, our customers hold off making any decisions they can.  In today’s situation, there simply hasn‘t been enough time for the public’s attitudes to stabilize, nor has there been enough time for us to determine the new patterns and adjust our revenue models to compensate. That will come. Against this background, it’s necessary for us to re-look at all aspects of our business and ensure that we are taking all steps to prepare for a different market than we had hoped for. Obviously the dramatic fall in the price of oil helps, but we do need to go much further.  Brian will talk about bookings and finance and Adam and Dan will talk about what they’re doing with their brands. In general I think you will see that we recognize the importance of being proactive in reducing our risk profile. While I am very confident in our business model and the strength of our brands, it is our responsibility to find ways to further mitigate risks during such extraordinary times of uncertainty. As you can see, we have about $1.4 billion in liquidity. We’ve implemented aggressive but prudent cost savings initiatives that we expect will yield us about $125 million in annual savings. We’ve slowed capital expenditure and will be guarded before committing to new ship orders. We’ve diversified our guest sourcing and ship deployments so that in 2009 more than 40% of our revenues will come from outside of North America, up from only 30% last year.  One specific area I’d like to address is the financing of our Newbuilding. It’s long been a practice of Royal Caribbean to make sure we have financing arrangements in place before we order a ship. We’re very fortunate to have not only extraordinary designs and shipyard partners that produce amazing ships but financing arrangements that give us the flexibility to raise the necessary capital even during the most challenging of times. In our press release we provided more explanation of financing commitments we already have in place and Brian will talk further about it.  Obviously in today's financial world, we are extremely pleased at these arrangements already in place. We do believe they will be adequate to finance our ships on order and we don’t envision any other requirement to access the capital markets in the foreseeable future. I wish the strength that we showed during the weak economy earlier this year was sufficient to overcome all obstacles, but the recent disruption has been too sudden and too pervasive to leave us unaffected.  We still believe our resilience will help us weather this storm, but we will also have to take aggressive steps to adjust in this new economic and social environment. I’m confident that we have the structures in place to weather a very difficult situation, even for a sustained period if necessary, but I am just as bullish that we have the strategy and we have the brands in place to thrive when the economy does begin to reground. 
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Richard. I would like to briefly go through the third quarter results. I suspect most of you are more interested in the forward-looking environment in our capital structure so I will just high the highlights. As we said in the press release, our earnings per share were $1.92. We’re about $0.25 better than previous guidance and $0.08 better than last year. This was the best quarterly financial performance in our company’s history despite the deteriorating economy and high fuel prices. Revenue yields were up 0.7% which was slightly lower than our guidance with an increase of about 2%.  While all of our brands are impacted by foreign currency to some extent, Pullmantur is our only entity that has the functional currency other than US dollars. On Slide 2, you will see our previous guidance to the third quarter and our results as reported. We have also shown how we would have performed if Pullmantur’s rate of exchange had remained the same as at the time of our lat call. As you can see, aside from the significant strengthening of the dollar and its negative impact on the Pullmantur result, revenue performance was consistent with our prior guidance. On the cost side, net cruise costs excluding fuel came in 2.3% below last year and well below our prior guidance. Pullmantur benefited from the stronger dollar and we did have some expenses that shifted out of the third quarter and into the fourth, but our cost performance continues to improve and all of our operating groups are doing a terrific job focusing on ways to create efficiency and lower our costs. Higher fuel prices increased costs by $65.1 million, or $0.30 per share, but largely due to falling prices, our fuel costs came in about $0.07 per share lower than at the time of our last call. So all in, our net cruise costs including fuel were up 5% versus a year ago, substantially lower than previous guidance. Now I’d like to provide you with an update on bookings. For well over a year we’ve been talking about the resilience of our business model in a very lackluster economy. We have been able to absorb new capacity and generate the highest yields in our company’s history even in a difficult economy. Unfortunately the events that have transpired over the course of the last six weeks or so took the economic downturn to a new level which significantly impacted consumer confidence in our bookings.  I would like to start by showing you a slide we have used frequently on our calls. On Slide 3, we have updated the graph that shows the quality and pricing closed end demand. For more than a year we have seen better pricing for closed end bookings than we did the previous year. As you can see, in August pricing began to flatten out and in September we had a rather significant dip in the quality of closed end pricing.  On Slide 4 we have tried to give you some insight into the new booking patterns since the beginning of September. At the beginning of the month we saw modestly lower booking volumes compared to a year ago but nothing unusual given our strong order book at the time. Bookings began to show additional weakness in mid-September, about the time of the Lehman bankruptcy. Towards the end of the month when Congress was dealing with the bailout package, we began to see a more rapid decline in new demand. For the last two weeks despite the dramatic volatility in the market, bookings appear to have leveled off and we have actually seen a more consistent pattern. Obviously two weeks does not make a trend and the environment is so erratic right now it is virtually impossible to anticipate consumer behavior in the near term.  For books business, our individual cancellation patterns have not changed materially. In fact, since the beginning of September, our individual cancellation rate has actually been slightly lower than we saw a year ago. On the group side we have seen a more cautious approach by the trade with travel agents being more reserved in securing group space for further out sailing. Throughout this period we have been taking varying degrees of pricing action. Consumers are understandably distracted by the current events in holding off on major purchase decisions. For the most part, our more aggressive price reductions have taken place for the fourth quarter sailing. Into 2009, we have begun to take some pricing action but we have had more of a tolerance for booking volume deficits in response to consumer behaviors and to give our revenue management team more opportunity to better understand the elasticity pattern. I would like to give you one example though of a one day sale we did for our Royal Caribbean international brand which demonstrates the type of action we have available to stimulate demand. For the last couple of years, we have done what we call a Wow sale in the spring and the fall. This year the sale which had been scheduled for some time fell on October 2 which was a Thursday. On Slide 5 we have shown the net ticket revenue produced from the Wow sale compared to other Thursdays since the beginning of September. The sale included a reduced deposit, an on-board credit that equated to roughly 7% of the ticket price, an additional promotional support from our sales and marketing team. The sale received a more tempered response than we had seen in the past but did provide a significant boost to bookings nonetheless. Considering the sale likely consolidated some bookings from surrounded sailings, we estimate the sale roughly doubled the revenue we would have otherwise expected for that day. Lastly on bookings, if you look at Slide 6 you will see directionally where our load factors currently stand for the first and second quarters relative to the same period the last three years. While bookings in both quarters are now trailing the same point in time last year, we are still in a strong position relative to 2007 and 2006. I will also mention that the average price for book business for both the first and second quarters of 2009 is currently higher than at the same time last year, but I would like to mention again the market is very erratic right now. We just do not have enough visibility yet to make concrete projections for 2009.  Now I would like to update you on our forward guidance for the balance of the year. On Slide 7 we have provided our guidance for the fourth quarter in the same format we showed the third quarter results. As was the case in the third quarter, the stronger dollar has had a negative impact on Pullmantur’s revenue but a positive impact on cost. To help you better understand the impact of the recent changes in demand on our revenues, and also our cost savings initiatives, we have added the second column to show you how the fourth quarter would have looked using the same Euro exchange rate for Pullmantur as we had at the time of our second quarter call. As you saw in our press release, we are projecting a yield decline of between 4% and 5% for the fourth quarter whereas about three months ago we were anticipating a solid yield improvement. Just over half of the decline from our last call has been due to the stronger US dollar. The balance of the decline has been caused by weaker demand for closed end cruises, deterioration of Pullmantur’s tour demand, and somewhat weaker on-board revenues. Traditionally the fourth quarter sailing is the most price-sensitive. This compounded by the timing of the financial crisis put pressure on our ability to generate closed end demand for the fourth quarter. The softening demand in Pullmantur’s tour division will be offset by cost production since the capacity of the tours is variable. On board revenue has recently begun to show some signs of weakness and similar to ticket prices, this deterioration has occurred fairly recently and it is too early to fully understand. Net cruise costs excluding fuel per APCD are projected to decline approximately 1%. As I mentioned earlier, we did have some timing shifts from the third quarter but much of this has been offset by additional cost savings. As you can see, without the benefit of the stronger dollar on Pullmantur’s costs, we would have been up between 1% and 2%. Based on today’s bunker prices, fuel costs are projected to be approximately $146 million in the fourth quarter. We are 55% hedged and our average net cost per metric ton would be approximately $454 in today's prices. Our best estimate today for earnings per share for the fourth quarter are between $0.05 and $0.10. Our updated full year guidance for full year 2008 can be seen on Slide 8. We now expect net yields to be up approximately 1%, net cruise costs to be up approximately 3%, and net cruise costs excluding fuel be about flat. Our earnings per share forecast for the year has increased to be between $2.73 and $2.78. We are currently developing our operating plans for 2009. Most of our savings initiatives are now in place and we are still confident net cruise costs excluding fuel per APCD will come in at or below 2007 levels. On our last call we gave a preliminary number for 2009 fuel expense of $890 million and mentioned we were 22% hedged. Today we are 39% hedged for 2009 and based on today’s at-the-pump prices, we would now project fuel expenses in 2009 to be approximately $635 million. At this level our costs per APCD would be about 13% lower than our current estimate for 2008. Given the tremendous credit crunch in the market we thought it would be useful to provide you with more details about the financing arrangements Richard mentioned in his comments. As you know, last week we took the liberty of Celebrity Solstice. The vessel was financed through a $519.1 million loan facility with KfW and BNP Paribas. The facility is a 12 year semi-amortizing unsecured loan bearing interest of LIBOR plus 45 basis points. We’re currently 4.28%. We were able to accomplish this despite the tight credit market because we have always placed great emphasis on optional financing arrangements prior to entering into a construction agreement. We have four additional Solstice class ships on order in Germany and will take delivery of one ship in each of the next four years. For each of these vessels we have committed bank financing arrangements that include financing guarantee from HERMES the export credit agency of the German government. The terms of the financing guarantees and bank commitments are similar to those that I described with the Celebrity Solstice and are executable at our option.  We also have two Oasis class vessels under construction in Finland for our Royal Caribbean International brand, the first of which we will take delivery of in the fourth quarter of 2009 and the other a year later. We have secured loan guarantee commitments from Finnvera, the export credit agency of Finland, which provides potential lenders with government guarantees of up to 80% of the financed amount. We expect these financing arrangements will be adequate to meet our ongoing operations and capital expenditure requirements and do not anticipate any other requirements to access the capital markets for the foreseeable future.  Now I would like to update you on our liquidity. As of September 30 we had approximately $1.4 billion in liquidity, including $300 million in cash and cash equivalent and $1.1 billion in our unsecured revolving credit facility. Subsequent to September 30 we did draw an additional $460 million to have additional funds on hand for potential working capital needs and in response to the current instability in the global credit market. In summary, we recognize the high degree of uncertainty in the market today and believe we have proactively taken prudent measures to lower our risk profile and to ensure our financial stability. Nonetheless it is because of times like this that we maintain a $1.2 billion revolver with the diversified portfolio with solid banks.  I would now like to turn the call over to Adam for his comments about the Royal Caribbean International Brand. 
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you Brian and good morning everyone. We are pleased with our record third quarter results but obviously concerned about the current market conditions. Although we are disappointed that the market has softened, it is our belief that Royal Caribbean International continues to fare well in competitive terms within the industry.  The weakness we are now feeling stretches across most variables of the business. Within North America we are seeing roughly the same level of challenge from different geographical source markets as well as from different stateroom categories. We are not seeing variation from last year in terms of first timers versus repeat cruisers or in terms of age distribution of our guests.  From a product standpoint, if there is relative strength, it is in the Caribbean where APDs are up year-over-year albeit load factors are currently down. Also, Mexico is doing relatively well given we are replacing a Vision class ship with Mariner of The Seas of the Voyager class.  Our more exotic products are experiencing more of a challenge primarily in terms of sourcing North American customers. Our international point of sale is faring somewhat better but our expectations are also higher as we grow this segment.  This highlights one of the benefits of the increasingly global nature of our brands. Individual products and markets do go through cycles. It hasn’t been that long since many observers were decrying the state of the Caribbean as an oversaturated market, yet today it is one of the better performing markets. The versatility of our brands is an asset for us as we work through these cycles.  Switching to on-board revenue, our performance year-to-date is approximately flat on a year-over-year basis. While we cannot forecast on-board revenue as we do ticket revenue, we would expect the current economic conditions to have somewhat of a negative effect on on-board revenue. As far as sectors of on-board revenue are concerned, one of our strong performers this year has been our shore excursion business particularly on our European cruises. We’ve previously noted that on-board art auction business has been a weak spot this year. Most of the other areas are roughly consistent with prior year performance.  Clearly in this environment we are focusing on being as cost conscious as possible while continuing to deliver a world class product. This includes our fuel conservation, workplace safety, and other behind-the-scenes efforts. There is considerable focus on identification and replication of best practices across the fleet to promote efficiency. In addition, where we believe there are product elements that are less relevant or appealing to today's’ guests, we place less emphasis on them or even eliminate them altogether. Meanwhile we continue to introduce innovations that add significant value as we are doing, for example, with the roll out of My Time Dining that is currently underway in the fleet.  From a G&A cost perspective there is an intense focus on increasing productivity and driving efficiency which is enabling us to move forward in a positive manner following the reduction and force that we implemented some months ago. I would like to acknowledge the efforts of our officers and other leaders to reduce or eliminate costs. Turning to Oasis of the Seas, we look forward to her floating out on November 21. Her construction process is coming along well. We have now completed our reveals of all seven of the neighborhoods that describe different concentrations of interest around the ship. The ship continues to receive worldwide publicity. We started to accept bookings a few weeks after the last earnings call and we are pleased with the bookings we are taking, especially considering that the maiden voyage is still more than a year away.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Thank you Adam and good morning everyone. As you’ve heard Brian and Adam comment, our third quarter was very strong. However, we quickly moved past the third quarter and all our efforts are focused on understanding the environment in which we are now operating. It is challenging to get insight on consumer purchase patterns. We have seen some success being able to stimulate closed end demand. Our focus has been on working in partnership with our travel agent partners on direct-to-consumer marketing efforts with offers targeted in the fourth quarter and through January and February of 2009.  We have seen reasonable closed end build as a result of these efforts. We do find it encouraging that we are not seeing a spike in cancellations. The business we have on the books to date has stuck fairly well. We will continue to concentrate our marketing and sales efforts to stimulate closed end booking. Our larger travel partners are continuing to spend their own marketing dollars as well as our co-op dollars to focus on the same areas. We are also very focused on continuing to manage our expenses without impacting the guest experience. Fuel consumption is just one of the many areas that continues to receive a great deal of attention. We also have continued to challenge our supply chain organization to think differently about how we source the products we need on the hotel and room sides of our business.  For example, earlier this year we made a decision not to sign year-long commitments for certain products which would have been our practice in the past. We felt we would be better able to realize pricing in the markets. This has allowed us to take advantage of declining prices on these particular products.  As our European business grows, we began preparation two years ago by putting in a procurement office in Europe. This European season we open two distribution centers, one in [Sivitavekia] and one in Rotterdam. This move has helped improve our service levels to our ships, while helping us to better manage our freight and logistics costs this year. We are operating as a European company when it comes to managing our pyramid and logistics.  We have also begun to realize some synergies with Pullmantur on their needs. We believe we can continue to help them leverage our buying power to manage their expenses. These are just a couple of examples of the success our supply chain organization is having on helping us manage our costs.  Finally, we took delivery of Solstice last week. We were able to show her to a number of UK and German travel agents. Their response is better than we hoped it would be. The ship has exceeded everyone’s expectations. We are looking forward to showing her off during her pre-inaugural cruises in the middle of November. We have a real winner in Solstice and believe the pre-inaugural cruises will be a great demand stimulus. 
Brian J. Rice: Brittany, we’d like to open the call up now for questions.
Operator:   (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley – UBS: I had a couple questions on expenses. First, in the quarter, the currency obviously brought yields down a little bit and you quantify that. Can you quantify how much of the non-fuel expense has been lower than guided was due to currency?
Brian J. Rice: Robin, on the second slide, we’ve broken out Pullmantur for both revenues and expenses. On net cruise costs excluding fuel you can see it was about 80 basis points change so where we had guided that we would be up between one and two we reported we were down 2.3 currency actually would have made that down about 1.5. All we translated here is the Pullmantur expenses since that’s the only place we have a different functional currency. It’s the same case on revenue.  
Robin Farley – UBS: So it would have been down 1.5 instead of --
Brian J. Rice: Correct.
Robin Farley – UBS: With Pullmantur, in other words, some of your other brands would also have lower expenses due to currency, wouldn’t they, even though the complete functional currency --
Brian J. Rice: We do have some expenses. We’re actually long on revenues. We’re long on foreign currency net for Royal Caribbean and Celebrity. We have the Brilliance lease for Royal Caribbean is denominated in sterling and then we have some operating expenses associated with our sales offices and our port within Europe, but net net it’s the greater impact on revenues than it is on cost.
Robin Farley – UBS: So there would be, if for those other brands, there would be some additional benefit on the expense line in addition to those 80 basis points?
Brian J. Rice: Yes. If after currency we still have a net savings on our cost structure. 
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay, but you can’t quantify what that is outside of the Pullmantur brand, what the currency benefit was?
Brian J. Rice: It’s not dramatic. I can tell you that we would have been very favorable even without the currency. 
Robin Farley – UBS: I guess in previous quarters I know people have asked about the benefit of currency on the yields and you haven’t broken it out before. I wonder can you give us a sense of what the benefit from currency has been by your calculations?
Brian J. Rice: I don’t have prior periods. I think the best thing I can point you to is the fourth quarter guidance. We haven’t really broken it out before because frankly it hasn’t been relevant. Pullmantur again has a different functional currency so for that brand it was easy to break it out for you and you can see that it was about 300 basis points for our fourth quarter on revenue. That’s been very unique given the strengthening of the US dollar. If you listen to the comments that we made about our overall guidance about a little more than 50% of the movement in our yield guidance for Q4 was due to currency and you add that to the 300 basis points for Pullmantur, you could infer that it’s about 200 basis points impact on Royal Caribbean and Celebrity, but again this is by far the single biggest movement we’ve seen in currency and the reason we felt the need to call it out here for both revenues and costs.
Robin Farley – UBS: Then in terms of CapEx, just looking at your CapEx guidance versus the last quarter you gave guidance, it looks like CapEx went up $300 million in ’08 and it went down $100 million in ’09 so maybe $100 million shifted, but can you give us a little color on what the $200 million higher in CapEx in ’08 and especially since this guidance change just occurred in the last quarter, it looks like a big [inaudible] coming up again.
Brian J. Rice: It’s $200 million and in actuality it’s about $160 million and what occurred is as you know, Pullmantur has traditionally leased aircraft. When we bought Pullmantur, they had three 747 on lease. Those leases have expired and as we did the IRR we found an attractive opportunity to actually terminate those leases and buy three Pullmantur aircraft so the net net was we decided to buy instead of lease and we were also able to upgrade the aircraft 747-400 which is a much better aircraft, more efficient on fuel, and also had much greater resale value.
Robin Farley – UBS: And then my last question is that just in terms of the currency, on new ship orders, looking several years out, were they hedged within a few weeks of the time of order or will there be some benefit you know in terms of the Newbuilding costs from the [inaudible]?
Brian J. Rice: We’ve been very consistent in our Newbuild hedges. We tend to be anywhere between 85% and 95% hedged on our Newbuild portfolio. We do have a policy that within about two weeks of signing a contract that we keep the portfolio at that amount, so it would be a little bit of benefit but not terrific amounts. We tend to be hedged pretty well.
Operator:
 :
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Can you give a little more color on pulling the fuel supplements last week, and you guys basically said you’re not going to increase prices or haven’t... Your competitors have but just a little bit more color there?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: We did pull the fuel supplement for 2010 and the way we set this up is we said that for 2009 what we’ll do is we’ll look at what the prices are a couple of weeks out from the quarter and depending upon if that price goes below $65, we would then eliminate it for the following quarter and in regard to pricing we’re always managing our pricing and trying to manage our prices up as high as we possibly can so that’s really more of supply and demand driven then just making a blanket announcement that we would raise prices for 2010.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Then something that your competitors are also doing, they’ve reduced deposits so consumers don’t have to spend as much up front, and you did that during your Wow sale. Is that something that you guys are looking to do over the next couple quarters?
Adam M. Goldstein: Clearly reducing deposits is one of the many tools we have in our arsenal for spurring business and the Wow sale that Brian mentioned included both a reduced deposit opportunity as well as an on-board credit opportunity and he may have referenced that the aggregate impact of those two tools on the pricing that we were offering was something like 7% discount, so we have that option. We don’t expect to do that on an every day basis but sometimes it helps us spur needed business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Two questions. First, Richard, you mentioned a reduction in CapEx. Are you referring to the ’09 or are you really talking about a reduction in your CapEx plans beyond 2011 and given this environment, just pulling back from development and building of ships and then just to echo Robin’s question, I guess I’m still wondering how this FX impact could be so dramatic in the fourth quarter and this quarter and never have been very dramatic in the previous quarters and maybe the way to answer this is to just simply show for the past four quarters what the FX impact has been and then we can all figure out how dramatic it really is.
Richard D. Fain : I’ll answer the first question on CapEx and then I’ll ask Brian to comment on the foreign exchange. I think the comment on CapEx was a general one in terms of all of it. Of course the biggest capital expenditure that we do by far, the bulk of this is on the Newbuildings and as we’ve indicated, we will be a lot... for some time we have been probably less than some of our competitors in terms of the total amount that we’ve done up until now and I think we would be very cautious looking forward. Those are about 85% hedged at the moment so the FX helps us only very modestly on that.  We will also be looking more cautiously with respect to any new CapEx in the future, although it does take a while for existing CapEx to have worked its way through the system and an example of that is the airplane which we bought much earlier this year, although that was simply replacing inefficient rented airplanes with more efficient owned flights and then maybe I’ll ask Brian to comment on the foreign exchange. 
Brian J. Rice: Steve, one thing I would point you to on the FX in terms of the impact that it’s had historically, just looking at the difference between Q3 and Q4, if you look at our slides, the delta between the corporate numbers and the numbers adjusted for Pullmantur, Pullmantur’s affecting Q3 was only 100 basis points but in Q4 it’s 300 basis points. The currency fluctuation has been absolutely dramatic since our call on July 22. I recall one week just about three or four weeks ago where the Canadian dollar I believe dropped about 9% in one week and if I’m not mistaken, I think sterling dropped about 8% last week.  So the cumulative effect and the tight concentration of that in such a short period of time, what we’ve tried to do is, we wanted to distinguish for you what’s being driven by FX, what’s being driven by the challenging market conditions, and give you a little more transparency than we ordinarily would just because the effects of those have been so dramatic and we just thought it was very worthy to call that at this point in time whereas historically in any given period, they have not been nearly as relevant as they are now. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Just one other thing, Richard, and given what’s going on, why not just commit right now to not building any more ships. We have seen the benefit in the Caribbean of low supply, you have seen it on the pricing, even before this, I guess I still struggle with both companies and even the private companies, why not just slow down the CapEx finally. It’s obviously a benefit, there is not capital out there. The demand is not there. I am completely frustrated. I don’t get it anymore why neither company will commit to this. 
Richard D. Fain : I think you have said it a little bit, we do not know what the future holds. So I think for us to make a blanket statement would not be very constructive, but I do think it is true that today the demand wouldn’t justify it. I think we are looking forward to a time, which actually is not that far off, when the existing orders run off and we are then looking at the power of an even better supply and demand situation. In terms of why we do not commit to what we might do under a different set of circumstances, I do not know what those circumstances are, so I do not think it is appropriate to make a commitment to it. But we have said for some time now that under the current circumstances, we do not envision ordering any new vessels. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Barry of Credit Suisse.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Brian, I have two questions. You mentioned that you have some tolerance for lower load factors the first half of next year. I assume that you are thinking that we get some normalization in this environment then there is some pent up demand. Given your history in revenue management, is this environment that we are seeing currently like anything you have seen prior and then secondly, there has been some significant compression in the distribution value change since the last cycle, zero based pay and [air], big increase in non-commisionables, etc., are you concerned at all about the health of your agency partners and are you contemplating any strategic moves to support the channel? 
Brian J. Rice: Okay, Scott, I will take the first part and then have Dan and Adam to comment on the distribution system. The way I would describe the consumer sentiment right now for further out is a little bit of a deer in the headlights. I think the consumer has a high degree of uncertainty. We have seen experiences in the past, after Gulf War in ’91 and the recession ahead and all, and certainly after 9/11, we probably had a 6 week period where there was a high degree of uncertainty.  I think that right now we are not really sure if we are at the beginning, the middle, or the end of this cycle and exactly what the depth will be. That’s why we are watching the bookings so closely and trying to show you a little bit more about what has been happening day to day. It is fair to say that we are ensuring our short term order book by taking the necessary pricing actions and if you will we are throwing the trial balloons out there for the future to start being able to gauge the elasticity, but frankly, I think, doing any wholesale structural changes on pricing further out right now would be throwing good money after bad.  I do not think that consumer’s psyche is necessarily at the right place. We have seen in the past that the consumer does work through these cycles and the elasticity comes back into play and our revenue management team is [awdling] this, studying it, and will continue to take appropriate action but as you alluded to, we have a little bit more tolerance as we go further out into ’09 to allow. Fortunately we had a pretty good order book which gave us the luxury of time here to really study what is happening with the demand pattern. 
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Hi Scott, it’s Dan, in regards to our travel agent partners, we have been talking to a lot of them, as you can imagine, and probably more so than we even normally do. It’s hard to believe we can talk to the travel agents more than we normally do but I think we have been lately. I would say that there are a couple of things going on here. Over the last 4 or 5 years, you have seen a real movement to home based so I think that there are a number of travel agents that have taken a lot of the expense out of running their business by going home and I think that they will do quite well.  The large travel agent partners that we talk to on a regular basis are well positioned to get through this. I do believe that there will probably be some that as a result of the downturn in the economy could end up having some serious problems, but I think overall, at this point, one of the things that I am seeing out of travel agents is that they are continuing to market, and those that are continuing to market seem to be the ones that are driving the volumes that we have today.  So will there be some fallout? Yes, I think there might be, but I think we will just have to watch that for a while, but I do think those that made the decision to go home based have probably positioned themselves well in advance of this. I don’t think that is the reason that they probably did it, but I think there is a benefit of having gone home based. 
Adam M. Goldstein: Hi Scott, it’s Adam. There is no question as Dan said that the distribution system is in pain as many industries and the customers are as well. One of our jobs as a leading supplier to this distribution industry is to call out their attention to where the opportunities are. For example, with the shifting currency, vacation in Europe is suddenly 15% to 20% cheaper than it was just a few weeks ago.  With the perspective and the fuel supplement, that will be a positive for the travel agency compensation model and the more professional travel agency groups are the ones that are more proactive and are looking for ways to get through to the consumer in this environment, and we will continue to work with them as Dan says even more closely than before to spur them on and I think they will get through this just as we all will. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Simonson of William Blair.
Bob Simonson - William Blair: Two questions on pricing. This recent fairly substantial deterioration in the pricing picture, has that also affected your preliminary pricing in say the last 2 weeks to 4 weeks on what you have done and have been doing and are doing on Solstice and Oasis pricing? 
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Bob, this is Dan. As we’ve talked about, we have been fairly cautious with what we have done in 2009 on pricing. Our focus really has been on closed end bookings and we have taken some pricing actions on Solstice for the fourth quarter and a little bit into January and February. We have seen that it has helped stimulate demand, so actually in the last couple of weeks we have seen a pick up on Solstice, and I think it is a result of some of the things that we have done on pricing.  But out into the future we have been careful not to do anything dramatic at this point. We want to protect the integrity of the new ship and we will watch it very closely. Our revenue management team is watching this very closely and will make decisions on what to do beyond January and February as we get closer to that time period.
Adam M. Goldstein: Bob, it is Adam. Of course, Oasis is in a different position from Solstice. Solstice is coming out in the next few weeks and Oasis still being more than a year from its maiden voyage, but I mentioned before that the development of the bookings to this point is positive and therefore the development of the pricing to this point is positive. 
Bob Simonson - William Blair: The second question is again in the same vain as the deterioration in the pricing environment. Can you qualify or quantify the change that you are seeing? Is it more on the North American side or on the European side? Again, you can do it in whatever constant or dollars are easier to explain it.
Richard D. Fain : I mentioned before, Bob, in my comment that as an overall matter it seems that the international points of sale are a little bit more robust right now than what we are experiencing from North America. The currencies are moving in different ways and it is up to the travel agents to take advantage of the messaging depending on which way it is going because we have a lot of capacity that is based in Europe for Europeans and we also afford for them a lot of opportunities to travel afar and the reverse is true for North Americans. The messaging is going in the appropriate direction. We are pushing products into Europe that are interesting and different than in the past, shorter cruises, cruises that are particular to different markets and we are hopeful. The thing is that the programs are still 7 months to 12 months out for the most part and availability is limited. 
Adam M. Goldstein:  Bob, with respect to Europe, we also want to comment, Europe is not homogeneous either and within Europe you see different markets and strengths and weaknesses. The Spanish market is one of those that was the worst hurt and the earliest hit, so actually by the beginning of ’09 that will give us slightly easier comparables but I think in general most consumers are looking to similar kind... Some people say even stronger kinds of economic concern there too. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Timothy Conder with Wachovia Capital Markets.
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Capital Markets: Brian, how should we think about if all the fuel surcharges are refunded, how should we think about that on a year-over-year swing and net yield? Again, I guess it’s basically asking the question from the standpoint of zero fuel surcharges versus on the other extreme 100%. How would that impact ’09? And then any commentary on your fuel hedges for ’09 you said were 39% and if I remember correctly they were 25% when you reported the last time. What levels were those incremental hedging contracts put on it?
Brian J. Rice: In the fuel hedge position on the last call was 22%. I don’t have in front of me what the average hedge price were done at but we do layer them in over the course of the quarter fairly equally in the individual months. Even though we haven’t correlated too tightly with WTI, it still recently... Again you could probably get a pretty good proxy and I think if you want to give Ian a call later this afternoon, he might be able to help you do some of the math on that. In terms of the fuel supplement, we are continuing to collect fuel supplement into ’09 for ’09 sailings.  Our policy will be that if the WTI price falls below $65 we will refund anything that we’ve collected in the form of an on-board credit. I think you can probably play with the calculation and that our charge today is $10 per APCD and we’ve provided in our press release dates that will do the calculations to try to keep this simple for the consumer to be able to track and I think frankly if fuel goes below $65 giving back those credits in terms of an on-board revenue with the affected fuel savings we’ll experience will be a good guide for us. 
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Capital Markets: Part of the 4X questions from before, is part of that explained, Brian, by the two month lag in accounting for Pullmantur and then the dramatic, as we’ve all seen the dramatic changes in the foreign currency exchange rate?
Brian J. Rice: That’s a good point. The fourth quarter for Pullmantur will be August, September, and October. August, September being two of Pullmantur’s strongest months, so not only do you have the higher basis of revenue being impacted which is your point I think also, the dramatic fluctuations of currency levels, but yes, that is a significant part of the calculation. Thanks for pointing that out. 
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Capital Markets: Then relating to the cost initiatives in the $125 million, just a clarification point, you’re already getting some of those benefits here in 2008 and you’re still calling for an incremental $125 million beginning in ’09?
Brian J. Rice: The $125 million in ’09 is an annualized number, so it wouldn’t be incremental to ’08. We did some of those benefits but then we also had a course on a set of one-time charges that we talked about on our last call and so that would be an offset. But the $125 million is an annualized... I think a good way to look at this is we’ve talked about our net cruise cost X bunker being at or below ’07 levels on an APCD basis. I think that would be the best way for you to begin modeling ’09.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Leibowitz with Horizon.
David Leibowitz – Horizon: A few numbers that I was not certain about. When you speak to a lower load factor going forward that you’re willing to accept, are we to take that something below 100% or is it going to be something lower than the 105% to 107% you’ve been enjoying?
Brian J. Rice: David, let me clarify the distinction that I’m making for the near term is the percentage of booked business for further out sailing, not necessarily what we’ll eventually sail at. We’ve had a tolerant to allow ourselves where over the last three years we’ve had a very solid order book where a higher percentage of our inventory has been sold for future sailings. We’ve allowed that to come down a bit just because we don’t think the consumer’s ready.  But to your point, I think there will be instances that if this environment continues that we would choose to make a tradeoff decision where our discounting would actually get to a point of diminishing returns. We may have to take a trade off to have lower load factors, but I think that would be on a more tactical basis than the structural wholesale changes of lower load factor, so given what we know today, I think you would continue to see our load factors above 100% in the foreseeable future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob LaFleur with SIG.
Bob LaFleur - SIG: Just want to talk about the fuel sensitivities and just make sure I’m understanding this correctly given the changes to your forward guidance for fuel. Last quarter you told us that a $10 move was $59 million and we’ve had about 6 or 7 $10 moves since then and the average that you’ve taken your fuel cost down is more like $38 million per $10 move so given your new sensitivities of $51 million per $10, I’m just trying to understand how that changes the farther away from the base case that we get and when we look at the new sensitivities, how can we expect that to change in multiple increments of $10 moves?
Brian J. Rice: I think I can give you a couple of directional things that may be influencing your calculations. I think it would probably be best if you could sit with Ian and walk through the mechanics of it. We do layer in additional hedges throughout the quarter and for ’09 for example, we went from 22% to 39% hedged and you can use WTI as your basis for the different levels that we were hedging at. The one thing that I will mention that I’m not sure we’ve really described thoroughly enough in the past is our hedging is all being done with IFO fuel.  It is very difficult to get hedging for MGO fuel because we can’t get the accounting correlations that are required and IFO tends to be a much lower priced fuel than MGO so when we’re talking about our hedge position, we’re talking about our consumption in terms of metric tons that is hedged, which is a different amount than our dollar exposure. But I think if you work with that, it might help you understand a little bit of it, but again, if you could follow up with Ian, he could work through the mechanics with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dag Sletmo with ABG.
Dag Sletmo - ABG Sundal Collier: Hi, two questions. The first is could you just remind us of your most important debt covenants to the key levels and secondly, in relation to the financing guarantees for your ship boarders, will you need to come up with any equity in addition to the loans you’ve got?
Brian J. Rice: Dag, we effectively have three loan covenants in our financing. The first is a net debt to cap and I believe the covenant would be 2.5%. We have a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.25 and we have a minimum shareholder equity amount that varies year to year and includes a percentage of our retained earnings in any given year.  For the foreseeable future, given what we see, we don’t have concerns about any of those covenants and we have the... I think if you took some of your model and you [press test] them you would see that we have quite a bit of [bandwidth to be able to ignore] for deterioration before any of those would come into play. In terms of equity, we don’t see as I mentioned in my script any need to go after the capital markets for the foreseeable future. We believe the financing arrangements we have in place for all our Newbuilds will be more than adequate.
Dag Sletmo - ABG Sundal Collier: But these financing arrangements, will they finance the entire purchase price of the ship or will they finance part of it and then you need to come up with equity for the ship? I don’t mean issue new equity in the market but come in with new equity for the ship as such.
Richard D. Fain : The financings cover 80% of the price of the ship but remember we’ve already paid installments on a bunch of that and that is our normal operating cash flow, so altogether we looked at all those things together and think at least to the sense that you can that is adequate to meet the requirements. 
Dag Sletmo - ABG Sundal Collier:  Is there any risks that lenders will let demand equity come in earlier in the construction cycle?
Richard D. Fain : There’s always risks, almost anything, I think at this point no one is going to say there’s no risk on any subject but these are... we try to describe them as well as we can. They are commitments and they are not contingent upon putting in more equity or anything like that. 
Dag Sletmo - ABG Sundal Collier:  Just a final question. Are there any remaining formalities relating to these guarantees such as the approval by the Parliament and the relevant countries or are there any cases of the guarantees of this type having been canceled? 
Richard D. Fain :  No cases of guarantees being canceled that I’ve ever heard of or are there any of those kinds of contingencies. There are normal kind of funding requirements but there none that we consider particularly onerous.  
Brian J. Rice:  Brittany, even though we’re running out of time, we’ll take one more question please. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Jamie Rollo with Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley: Just a quick clarification please on the pricing in the fourth quarter. I think your previous Q4 year guidance was growth of 4% to 5%. It’s now down 5% and you say half of that is FX. So that assumes [inaudible] from the recent downturn in bookings. Is that correct?
Brian J. Rice: Jamie, our previous guidance was up between 4% and 5% and now we’re guiding down 4% to 5%. There’s about a little over 50% of that is driven by FX. 300 basis points of it is being driven by Pullmantur’s FX then it’s the combination in order of impact on softening or lower pricing in the fourth quarter, also deterioration in Pullmantur tour business which we mentioned had an offset on the cost side, and then lastly, some pressures on on-board revenue. But sequentially it would go FX, business deterioration, tour division, and then on-board spend, would all be the contributing factors of that.
Jamie Rollo - Morgan Stanley: So the 5% is the non-FX fit given you would have been at least I’m guessing 75% to 80% booked when you last gave your guidance for the fourth quarter. Would that imply ticket prices and on-boards together down around 20% or so for those sort of final 20% or 25% of bookings? I’m trying to get a feeling for the contour of the sort of overall revenue decline for those final chunk of bookings. It’s obviously quite hard to read it from the exact Slide 3 but is the math correct?
Brian J. Rice: I think that’s high in terms of your calculation. Remember the tour division has an impact. There’s no capacity associated with it and it just deteriorates the revenue quite rapidly. So I think your 20% calculation is high. I would also mention the fact, and I don’t have where our book load factors were that at the time there was a new initiative of discounting. But you do get churn of business even though our cancellation rates have not been higher than previous levels, you do have some higher value business that did come off with some being replaced with lower values.
Richard D. Fain : Jamie, I think you also ought to keep in mind that the fourth quarter is traditionally our weakest and most price sensitive quarter and that people are buying on the margins and the margins always are more sensitive than the base business if you will. I understand you are trying to extrapolate from that to the broader market is a little hard to quantify in as precise terms as you appear to be trying to do.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you very much. We certainly appreciate you joining us today. We’re sorry we couldn’t get to everyone’s questions but as I mentioned Ian Bailey will be around and available to help you with any further questions you may have. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian J. Rice - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Richard D. Fain - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Adam M. Goldstein - President and Chief Executive Officer - Royal Caribbean International Daniel J. Hanrahan - President and Chief Executive Officer - Celebrity Cruises
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Robin Farley - UBS Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Timothy Conder - Wachovia Capital Markets  Assia Georgieva - Infinite Research Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan David Campbell - Owl Creek Greg Haendel - Transamerica Investments
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ciara and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the second quarter earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Brian Rice. Sir, you may begin your conference. 
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Operator and good morning, everyone. I would like to thank you for joining us this morning for our second quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity and Azamara Cruises; and Greg Johnson, our Associate Vice President of Investor Relations.  As we have done in the past, we have posted slides on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com, which we will be referring to during this call.  Before we get into our results an the business overview, I would like to remind you of our forward-looking statement, which you will see on the first slide. During this call, we will be making comments which are forward-looking statements and are subject to change based on the items listed on our website, in disclosures in our SEC filings. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures which are non-GAAP as defined by Regulation G and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website.  As you saw in our press release, we have quite a bit to talk about today. Richard will start with some perspectives on the current environment. I will then take you through our financial results, share some more insight into our cost-savings initiatives and our booking trends, and provide you with our forward guidance. Adam and Dan will then follow with more specific comments about their brands.  Richard. 
Richard D. Fain: Thank you, Brian and good morning, everyone. I would like to do something a little different in my comments today. Usually on these quarterly conference calls, we focus on only the next quarter or so. But today I would like to make a few comments trying to put the current situation in context and to talk about our longer term perspective.  The current situation may not meet the strict definition of unprecedented but it is certainly rare and the totality of circumstances that we are looking at is unlike anything we’ve experienced in our industry’s history. Against this background, the performance of our business continues to do astonishingly well.  We see two particular challenges -- fuel and the economy. We see them as the biggest issues impacting our business. This morning, I would like to briefly discuss how we are responding to these dual challenges. I’ll start with fuel. The facts, unfortunately, are quite clear and the price of fuel actually accounts for more than 100% of the change in our performance for 2008, compared to our original guidance. As usual, there are a number of ins and outs but bottom line, our overall performance for the year looks to beat our original forecast, except for the price of fuel.  We can take some steps to reduce the impact of fuel costs, and we are implementing those steps as quickly as we can. And you can see from our press release that these initiatives have helped us cope with the price increase this year, and it will help us even more next year.  But the second major challenge is the economy. Here, I think our continued strong operating performance demonstrates clearly how well we are able to deal with this situation.  Our business provides us with a surprising amount of detailed information about the future because people book their cruises so far in advance. In fact, we’ve just entered the period where we are taking more bookings for 2009 than we are for 2008.  The good news is that the bookings that we have been taking this year and are now taking for next year continue to hold up better than even a year ago, and at that time the market was pretty uniformly seen as being very buoyant.  There are clear and consistent reasons why our bookings have continued to do so well. First, even in difficult times most consumers consider their vacations as an entitlement, and they give up other things before they cancel their vacations.  Secondly, during difficult times, people are more cautious about the way they spend their money and the cruise value proposition becomes even more relevant at such times.  Thirdly, our brands and our new ships are really resonating with our consumers and we are attracting an increasing premium for the product that we offer.  Lastly, ships are mobile and we can shift our deployment and our sourcing to go where the demand is.  The result of all this is that our revenue expectations for 2008 have not changed dramatically since the beginning of the year and our forward bookings for 2009 give us good grounds for optimism about next year too.  I know that some observers assume that we are only doing as well as we are because of bookings that we took last year, but the fact that our forward bookings for ’09 are ahead of last year on both rate and volume shows this really is not an isolated phenomenon.  It’s true that our yields in the second quarter of this year were marginally down from what we expected, but that’s entirely due to Spain, where we had a ship grounding, which took her out of service, and where the economy has been particularly hard hit.  At the same time, I think it’s important to emphasize that we don’t believe that we’re immune from the effects of the economy. There’s no doubt that the economy has impacted us. The important difference is that the impact has been so much less than one might have expected in this environment. If these are the bad times in the economy, imagine how we will do in more normal times.  So how are we responding? The bad news, of course, is that we have to respond at all. But the good news is that we have a number of tools at our disposal that will allow us to response effectively. I’d emphasize four general responses.  The first is to cut our energy consumption to the extent that we absolutely can. This involves numerous initiatives ranging from changing itineraries to new engines to more efficient hull designs, et cetera.  The second area, as already mentioned, is to change our deployment and our sourcing so that we are going to more hospitable areas. This takes some time but it is remarkable how quickly we are able to make the shift. For example, we have gone from about 13% of guests coming from outside of North America, i.e. the United States and Canada, in the year before last to about a third this year. Note that these figures are for guest count and since the cruises tend to be longer and more expensive, the revenue percentage is actually higher.  The third thing we can do, as announced last night, is we are undertaking a major cost reduction program, mainly in general and administrative expenses. We are deeply, deeply disappointed to have to do this but this is a different world that we are facing and a different world requires a different response. We are determined to make these changes without jeopardizing the outstanding product our crew members deliver every day on board, and without jeopardizing the support we provide to our travel agent partners who have been and will continue to be so important to our success. Our goal of $125 million is a stretch but we are determined to achieve it and to make it last.  Lastly, we believe that our new class of ships generate returns that some of the earlier categories of ships could only dream of. The new ships provide better revenue, greater fuel efficiency, and greater operating efficiencies.  In addition, the new features and amenities of our new ships mean that they generate excellent returns which will lift the performance of our entire fleet of ships.  Of course, we remain concerned by the high and the volatile price of fuel and we’ll continue to watch the economy intensely, but we think that the performance for the first half of this year and looking into the second half and next year shows that we can weather these storms surprisingly well. I also think it demonstrates our determination to take the actions which are necessary to continue to do so.  With that, I will turn it back to Brian to provide more detail on the results. 
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Richard. As we mentioned in our press release, net income for the second quarter was $85 million, and as you will see on the second slide, our earnings per share were $0.40 compared to our previous guidance of $0.40 to $0.45 per share. Net yields for the quarter increased 1%, slightly less than our guidance of an increase of around 2%. Nonetheless, our net revenue yields were the highest in our company’s history for the second quarter.  Our Spanish brand, Pullmantur’s revenue performance was lower than forecast. Pullmantur’s Sky Wonder was involved in a grounding incident that resulted in two cancelled voyages and we also incurred some related charges for guest compensation. The main driver though appears to be a very weak Spanish economy, where unemployment is now close to 10% and the housing market fell over 30% in the first quarter. Spain is still a relatively young and small cruise market and as a result, we believe has more sensitivity to economic pressures.  In contrast, in our more developed markets outside of Spain, all of our other brands performed well and consistent with our guidance. Despite all the economic pressures and falling consumer confidence, we continued to see very healthy close-in demand throughout the second quarter.  On slide three, we show sailings for our last six quarters. This graph illustrates the quality of pricing for bookings made within 90 days of sailing as compared to the same period the previous year. As you know, the quality of our close-in bookings was very poor in the first quarter of 2007, but began to rebound in the spring of last year. We have now seen 14 straight months where close-in demand has booked at a premium to the prior year.  Now going back to slide two, you will see our costs were lower than guidance. Net cruise cost per APCD were up 6.7% versus our guidance of up between 7% and 8%, and excluding fuel, net cruise cost per APCD were up 2% versus guidance of an increase between 3% and 4%. This was driven primarily by lower general and administrative expenses.  Our fuel costs on a per APCD basis increased 31% versus the same time last year. Fuel prices actually increased 55% year over year but our hedges helped mitigate some of the increase and our average net cost per ton was 35% higher. We also benefited from a reduction in consumption per APCD of about 3.5%.  I suspect our fuel costs were slightly better than some of you may have modeled based on the increases in WTI throughout the quarter in our consumption guidance. We were able to reduce consumption versus guidance by a little over 4,000 tons and while our fuel costs tend to correlate pretty well with the changes in WTI over time, in the second quarter our mix of fuels actually increased less than WTI did.  Now I would like to talk a little bit more about the cost savings program Richard mentioned. As you know, over the last few years, we have made some large investments to seed our growth in many strategic international markets. For the most part, we have grown organically, which means most of our start-up costs in new markets are incurred a year or more in advance of the revenues. Because of the success we have enjoyed in emerging markets, especially in Europe, we are now able to absorb these costs within our capacity and revenue growth, and lower our spending per APCD.  Additionally, we are projecting virtually flat capacity for our brands in North America over the next several years. As a result, we have systematically reviewed our organization to identify opportunities to operate more efficiently and effectively, and to identify activities that are not adding proportionate value.  For the last several weeks, our management teams across the company have reviewed every aspect of our business to identify cost savings opportunities. As a result of their diligence and creativity, we have identified approximately $125 million in annual savings, mostly in general and administrative expenses.  Yesterday, we reduced our shore-side workforce by approximately 400 positions. As I’m sure you can appreciate, this was a very difficult process for everyone involved. Regrettably, these actions were necessary, given the significant escalation in fuel prices and the need to adapt our business model to operate more efficiently.  We have also discontinued or scaled back investments in some of our non-core operations. For example, we have discontinued our education at sea program called The Scholarship. We have always been very excited about the prospects of this program but also recognize the need to be more measured in our investments, given the current environment.  We are still finalizing the details but expect to take a charge of approximately $15 million, or $0.07 per share related to these initiatives.  As Richard mentioned, throughout this process we had been very careful to make sure we preserve the excellent guest experience our brands provide, continue to support our travel agent partners, and maintain the focus on our international development.  While we will wait to provide specific guidance for 2009 until we complete our operating plan, we estimate our savings initiatives will result in SG&A expenses per APCD in 2009 to be close to the levels we incurred in 2004, and net cruise costs, excluding fuel per APCD, will be similar to 2007 levels.  Now I would like to share some more information on the revenue environment. As Richard pointed out, overall demand remains remarkably healthy, given the state of the economy and consumer confidence. We expect yields to improve approximately 2% in the third quarter, between 4% and 5% for the fourth quarter, and between 3% and 4% for the year.  Since our last call, as I mentioned before, we have seen weaker demand out of Spain and have adjusted our forecasts accordingly. However, we have actually seen some strengthening of demand in the Caribbean and while our newest vessels continue to command terrific premiums, we are pleased to see rather broad-based support across our fleet and among the various cruises, lengths, and products in the Caribbean.  Our European products and sourcing, with the exception of Spain, are performing consistent with our last forecast. In the last two years, we have increased our capacity in Europe by approximately 70%. The market has shown strong acceptance of our brands and has absorbed this growth quite well. On a like-for-like basis, our yields in Europe area about flat during this growth period but because European yields are higher on average, our overall yield performance is benefited.  We continue to watch the booking activity very closely with a critical eye, and as you know, we have a very strong revenue management team that is constantly dissecting call volume, elasticity, and cancellation rates. Because of all the uncertainty in the market today and significant focus on current activity, we thought it would be useful to share a bit more insight than we normally do into what is happening with current booking volumes and pricing.  Slide four shows you how our third quarter bookings have evolved since our last call for the Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises, and Azamara Cruises brands. On the left hand side, you can see that our load factor build-up has been remarkably consistent over the last three years and at this point, our total load factors are approaching 100%.  Please note that this does not mean we are full. Last year, we finished the quarter at close to 110%. However, this graph does show a very consistent pattern in the booking curve over the last few years.  The right-hand side of the slide illustrates our pricing position versus the same time last year. You can see that our year-over-year booked APDs for the third quarter are actually better than they were back in April.  On slide five, we have provided the same information for the fourth quarter. The load factor pattern is consistent with the last two years and as you would expect, we have more inventory left to sell in the fourth quarter than we did in the third.  On the right-hand side, you can see our pricing continues to run ahead of a year ago and has even improved since our last call.  Our expectations for Pullmantur have been lowered for the balance of the year due to the weak Spanish economy. Advanced bookings for the peak season in Spain, most of which will fall into our fourth quarter, are quite strong. Nonetheless, we have tried to temper our expectations for Pullmantur and currently project our corporate yields to improve between 4% and 5%. And as Richard mentioned, for 2009 sailings, our load factors and APDs are ahead of the same time last year for both the first quarter and the year as a whole.  So given what we know today, we are feeling good about 2009 being another year for yield improvement.  We have also been getting a lot of questions about cancellation rates, so I wanted to share some information about that as well. On slide six, we have graphed the percentage of our guests that book and make a deposit for their cruise and cancel within a couple of months of their sailing. Overall, the number of guests that deposit and cancel close-in is very immaterial, usually less than 1%, and as you can see, there is no noticeable change in behavior.  Lastly on revenue, onboard spending for the second quarter came in about as expected and for the full year, we are projecting onboard revenue to be about flat for the year. Our onboard yields are still running the highest in our history and considering all the new products we have introduced and new markets we are serving, this is quite gratifying.  Now I would like to update our latest guidance. On slide seven, you will see our guidance for the third quarter and full year. For the third quarter, and based on current fuel prices, our forecast is for earnings per share to be in the range of $1.65 to $1.70, and for the full year we expect to earn between $2.55 and $2.65.  At current fuel prices, our fuel costs for the full year would be approximately $86 million, or $0.40 per share higher than at the time of our last call. Adjusting for this increase, our guidance has improved about a nickel for the year, as a result of the net savings from our initiatives. Unfortunately, it will not be until 2009 that we feel the full benefit of these actions.  For the third quarter, we will have an increase in capacity of 3.9% and we expect yields to be up around 2%. Based on the current price of fuel, net cruise costs are expected to be up around 10%, and excluding fuel, net cruise costs should be up between 1% and 2%.  Our guidance for the full year includes a capacity increase of 5% and yields to be up between 3% and 4% compared to 2007. Based on current fuel prices, we expect net cruise costs to be up between 6% and 7%.  If fuel prices remain at current levels, our fuel costs for the third quarter would be approximately $224 million, and would be approximately $772 million for the full year. This takes into account that as of today, we are 44% hedged for the third quarter and 55% hedged for the fourth quarter.  In terms of sensitivity, if we assume our fuel prices move in tandem with WTI, a $10 change in WTI either way equates to about an $11 million impact to the third quarter and a $9 million impact to the fourth quarter.  Looking out to 2009, we are currently 40% and 22% hedged to the first quarter and full year, respectively.  And lastly for the year, we are forecasting our other income and expense line to be similar to last year. This line includes our equity investments, including our new partnership with TUI in Germany. It also includes a gain in the third quarter of approximately $18 million related to a settlement of a pending lawsuit. This line item tends to be driven mainly by derivative ineffectiveness and the reevaluation of certain balance sheet items as a result of fluctuations in exchange rates. Now I would like to turn the call over to Adam to talk about the Royal Caribbean International brand. 
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Brian and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with the second quarter results highlighted by the performance of our Caribbean products that continue to benefit from high quality close-in demand. As we strive to mitigate the challenge we faced from higher energy costs, we are also scanning the environment for signs that macroeconomic deterioration will negatively affect our forward bookings. I would like to note three considerations relative to the environment that we are facing.  First, the Royal Caribbean International brand is more globally oriented than the North American-centric brands that are normally understood as our competitive set. We now view South Hampton, Barcelona, Venice, Sao Paulo, and even to some extent, Shanghai, as so-called drive markets, along with Galveston, Tampa, Baltimore, and [Bayun]. In other words, we are not focused on bringing ships back to North America in order to mitigate exposures related to air capacity, currency, et cetera.  Second, the profitability of our newest ships continues to be outstanding. Our freedom class ships would perform well against our original expectations even if the price of oil would ascend to levels materially higher than what we are facing today.  Oasis of the Seas, meanwhile, compares very favorably to our successful Voyager class ships in terms of balcony inventory of 72% versus 49%, and in energy consumption at 30% greater efficiency.  Third, in our battle to minimize fuel consumption, we are evaluating our itineraries intensively. The time, speed, and distance we ask our ships to cover is the single greatest driver of our energy usage. On the other hand, the ability of our ships to visit multiple destinations during one cruise is one of the greatest drivers of our consumer value proposition. Navigating between these two drivers will always be a balancing act, but given current fuel prices we have become more aggressive in adjusting itineraries than we have been in the past. This includes certain tweaks in itineraries already open for sale, as well as consideration of more meaningful adjustments for sailings beginning in the spring of 2010.  Any such adjustments will be made with an eye towards sustaining the very high level of guest satisfaction we deliver to our guests today.  Turning to a few other items, during my trip to Asia earlier this month, we announced that Legend of the Seas will begin year-round deployment in Asia starting in the fall of 2009, with a continued focus on local market sourcing, especially from China.  As many of you are aware, we began seasonal operations in Asia with Rhapsody of the Seas this past winter, and we’ll being Legend of the Seas to Asia this coming winter for another seasonal operation.  While the year-round Asia initiative is small in terms of our overall capacity, it is a meaningful reflection of our commitment to continued international development and the announcement was extremely well-received in Asia.  In North America, meanwhile, this month Royal Caribbean received the coveted Best Partner Overall and two other Partner of the Year awards from Triple A. This achievement is a testament to the dedication of our people to partner with knowledgeable, motivated travel agents to deliver the wow to millions of guests each year. Finally, in June we continued our reveals of notable features on Oasis of the Seas. We have now announced Central Park, Boardwalk, Royal Promenade, and the Loft suites. We will continue to reveal information about the additional neighborhoods and related programming throughout the fall. It is clear that Oasis of the Seas and her innovations will be the number one product development store in the cruise industry for the foreseeable future.  Dan. 
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Thank you, Adam. Good morning, everyone. The primary drivers for the positive second quarter results for Celebrity were driven by good performance with our Alaska and Caribbean products. We also saw a benefit from moving Azamara Journey out of Bermuda into Europe and the addition of Azamara Quest in the European markets this summer.  Looking at the balance of the year, we are seeing some definite trends for Celebrity. Our yields are holding up in Europe with a 23% increase in capacity in Q3 and a 13% increase in Q4. We remain confident that the European products will continue to do well for us in the future, as we are benefiting from an increase in European sourcing.  Alaska and the Caribbean are performing well for us. We are seeing good late season build on Alaska at this particular product remains in line with the expectations we had from the beginning of the year. The Caribbean and Panama Canal sailings for the balance of the year are meeting, and in many cases exceeding, what our beginning of the year expectations were.  Celebrity Solstice has been particularly promising. We are seeing a nice ticket yield premium for the fourth quarter and through next year. The combination of the excitement that is being driven by our marketing and sales efforts, as well as the 85% balcony cabin mix is driving the trade and consumer interest in Solstice.  We also have 18% more retail space on Solstice versus our Millennium class ships and feel confident that onboard revenue will benefit from the new design in many areas across the ship. And while the yield performance is encouraging, we will also be gaining economies of scale on the cost side with Solstice that will make her the top return on invested capital ship for Celebrity. We were fortunate to be able to open Solstice for revenue sailings three weeks earlier than originally planned because of the progress we are making with the building process. The response to those three sailings, even at this late date, has been very strong.  Although still relatively early, we are seeing positive results for 2009. Load factors and pricing are up. Of particular interest, both group and individual load factors are up versus the same time in ’08. Too early to draw any definitive conclusions from this, but it does suggest both the consumer and the travel agents continue to see cruising as a very viable vacation for 2009.  As you heard Adam state, we have recently been engaged in an exhaustive review of our itinerary. We also are balancing fuel consumption with consumer demand, and while we will be able to reduce our fuel consumption, we do not believe the changes we are considering will reduce our demand.  Finally, it’s important to point out that our guests are rating our products as high as they ever have and our relationship with the travel trade community remains extremely strong. These two points give us confidence about what we are seeing in 2009. Brian.
Brian J. Rice: Thanks, Dan. Operator, at this time, we’d like to open the call for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Lehman Brothers.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Good morning, guys. I have a few questions for you; one is on your CapEx spend. So you’ve laid out, and this isn’t new but you are spending about over $6 billion in CapEx from ’09 to 2012, and I’m just wondering, can you walk us through how much you anticipate will get funded through free cash flow? And then for the balance, can you just walk us through how you plan to fund that? Obviously in this environment, there is a lot of concern about any company with large CapEx plans, so anything that you can walk us through would be very helpful. 
Brian J. Rice: Our CapEx, as you know, is largely new ships that are under contract. I believe at this point in time we have about $7 billion on order. Our maintenance CapEx and IT and all the other money we spend tends to be a little below $200 million a year. We haven’t given specific percentages but I can tell you the majority of that CapEx will be funded through free cash flow from operations.  Something we probably don’t do a good enough job talking about is the back-up financing that we have if we need it on all our new ship contracts. We financed the Independence of the Seas and the Solstice, we have committed financing for already and we’ll be taking delivery of in November. And all our new ship contracts come with the opportunity to have guarantees for anywhere from 80% to 85% of the new ship contract.  So at this point in time, with the bond markets being as tight as they are, we’d be using bank financing and if necessary, we would be able to get government guarantees, both out of Germany and Finland, for the ships that we’ve built in those respective markets.  So I guess the bottom line here is we’ve been very fortunate, despite the credit crunch, to really not be exposed to it at this point in time. 
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: And then, let’s just say the economy, for example, turns in Germany. How stable are those guarantees?
Brian J. Rice: They are backed up by the Government of Germany. There’s a branch of the German government called Hermes, which provides the guarantees and their contractual obligations that they have with us, and the same with Finland with [Finvarra]. 
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. And then just switching gears on to Pullmantur, I’m just trying to understand the magnitude that it’s had on your -- on the guidance. So we’re calculating that it’s about 10% of total company berths. I’m just surprised the impact that it has on yields, so I was wondering if you could walk us through that. 
Brian J. Rice: Sure, Felicia. Pullmantur has two impacts on our yields; first, they represent I believe the last number I saw was 7% to 8% of our cruise capacity, but remember Pullmantur also has a much larger tour division than we’re accustomed to having and any fluctuations in that benefits us on the cost side and hurts us on the yield side.  Pullmantur, the Spanish market was down quite a bit in the second quarter. As I mentioned, our bookings as we get into the peak season look quite good but we’ve tried to be somewhat tempered in our expectations for that to continue to hold up.  As you’ll recall on our last call, our full-year guidance was an increase of around 4% and despite the shortfall in Q2 and even recognition of taking Pullmantur down for the balance of the year, it has had a rather de minimis impact on our corporate yields and our current forecast is for improvement between 3% and 4%. 
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great, and then just finally, can you just tell us how hedged, much -- how much hedging you have on for 2009?
Brian J. Rice: The number for the full year is 22% and I believe the first quarter, we’re 40%. 
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS: Yeah, a couple of questions, thanks. One is just to clarify, Brian, your comment about Pullmantur; I guess I’m trying to get a sense of whether yields are down double-digits or how much of this is the tour business, rather than actually just cruise ticket prices. 
Brian J. Rice: Robin, we’re trying to be a lot more transparent on this call than we have in the past but we don’t want to get into specific yield changes by brand or by product. I will tell you that in the second quarter, Pullmantur’s cruise yields were down year over year, and we also saw some declines in the tour division, which includes Charters and also their air operation. That also did help us on the cost side though. As you’ve seen in the past, that tour division has been a little difficult for us to forecast and when yields are down, costs tend to be down and visa versa. 
Robin Farley - UBS: I guess is the tour business specifically doing worse than you thought?
Brian J. Rice: It’s a combination of both the cruise division and the tour division. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. And then your comments about onboard spending, I guess it was up slightly in Q1, down slightly in Q2. I think you said you are expecting to be flat for the year but I wanted to clarify if I heard that right. And I guess in a sense, why wouldn’t you expect it to sort of continue trending down [inaudible]?
Brian J. Rice: Our onboard yields for Q2 were right where we expected them to be and I believe they were just about flat in Q2. And the brands look at this quite closely. We’re looking at itinerary changes and shifts of where we have our ships deployed.  Recall that in the first half of the year, we had a tremendous amount of new products going into new itineraries. Adam alluded to Asia, for example, and generally speaking the first year in a market, it takes us a little bit of time to adapt. But I think overall, we’re quite pleased with where onboard revenue is. 
Robin Farley - UBS: But in terms of -- you know, seasonally Q3, since there’s less Caribbean, it seems like maybe it would make onboard a little bit more challenging in the second half of the year than it’s been in the first half. I don’t want to put words in your mouth, but is that a fair expectation?  
Adam M. Goldstein: One of the experiences that we are having right now that runs a little bit counter to that line of questioning is that our excursion business has been strong, and in the third quarter, of course, there’s a lot of destination intensive product that we are offering. So while there are many revenue streams and they have variability in their performance, there’s an important revenue stream that’s a beneficiary of our third quarter deployment activities. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. Thanks. And then this last question is anymore color you can give on the expense reductions outside of headcount and clearing the scholarship program, because it looks like that would be less than half of it. I’m just wondering what other expense items you could talk about. 
Brian J. Rice: It was pretty broad across the board. The headcount reductions range from officer level down to clerical staff. We have focus on things like travel and entertainment. We’ve looked at consulting. It’s rather broad. This has been almost a one-month process that our entire officer corps was really locked into with a lot of creative ideas, with a real mandate that we needed to operate much more efficiently.  I would emphasize the fact that we’ve been growing quite a bit over the last several years and we’ve introduced a lot of new products in a lot of new markets and I’d say we somewhat took a pause here and really stepped back and said where can we drive efficiency and where do we have duplication of effort that can be eliminated.  There was no silver bullet, as there never is in these things, but more just a broad-based, holistic view. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel Nicolaus.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, guys. First, is there any material change in the booking window from the last time we talked?
Brian J. Rice: Steve, not on any particular product group. I think Adam alluded to the fact that on his brand, we are getting more of our guests in drive markets as we’ve diversified our portfolio out around the world and those tend to book a little bit closer in. There’s a little less planning involved when you are closer to home, but I would say on a like-for-like basis, we haven’t seen any shifts in the booking window. 
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: And then second and final question, it looks like on the commission side of the business, it looks like you made another recent change where it’s -- you are going back and it’s actually going to benefit some of your larger agency groups. Can you just discuss the decision behind that?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: We’ve got great partnerships across the board with the trade and we went back to a couple of trade partners and looked at some things that we could do that in the end we think will be a benefit to us on the commission side. So we made some adjustments to commission. We think that that will help generate more demand out of those big players for us and then the end result will be very, very positive for us. 
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wachovia.
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Capital Markets: Thank you. On capacity, gentlemen, your guidance for ’09 and 2010, it looks like there was a shift from ’09 to 2010. Could you give us a little more color on that? It’s a pretty meaningful shift, it appears.  And then, any comments, Brian, as far as what foreign exchange impacted revenues during the quarter, or if you want to comment on it on an EBIT basis, and then what your expectations are overall for the year there?
Brian J. Rice: The primary shift in the capacity for ’09 was, as you saw at the end of April, we announced that the Galaxy will be leaving the Celebrity fleet and going to TUI. TUI is reported below operating income because it’s a 50% equity, so that is basically what caused the reduction in ’09. And then the reason for the increase in 2010 is the basis in ’09 was lower, so no real material shifts outside of that. There’s always tweaking on itineraries when you are looking a year or two out in dry-dock schedules. 
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Capital Markets: And no change in any of the contracted delivery schedules, Brian?
Brian J. Rice: Nothing material, no. 
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. 
Brian J. Rice: As it relates to FX, we really -- it’s difficult for us to really guide you in terms of the impact, particularly on revenue, because the only brand that we have that is operating in a different functional currency than dollars is Pullmantur. That one, we could actually doe the calculation of the exchange gain or loss related to that, but for our other brands, it’s part of our revenue management equation. You know, Adam talked a lot about the diversification of the Royal Caribbean International brand and we are constantly evaluating pricing and elasticity and opportunities and how we can benefit or utilize FX in that, and it really is a pricing decision.  There doesn’t -- I don’t recall that this quarter we had any real substantial impacts on FX. If you -- I can tell you that the revenue, the top line will benefit as the dollar weakens. We do have additional operating expenses as the dollar weakens because we have the Brilliance leases denominated in Pounds. We have some operating expenses for our European itineraries in Euro.  Below the line in other income, you tend to get some noise related to FX as our customer deposits get reevaluated, and that adjustment is taken to other income and expense. But net net, I think a 1% change either way in the dollar has less than a $1 million impact on our whole P&L. 
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, and I know there was a lot of noise, especially in the occupancy side, this quarter but in general, do you anticipate any major -- any ups or downs in occupancy, more than say 20 basis points or so on a year-over-year basis?
Brian J. Rice: Nothing -- on a like-for-like basis, nothing really material. In Q2, our occupancies were down I think it was about 200 basis points. Some of that was Pullmantur had a bad quarter but also it was impacted by some of the deployment shifts. As we send more inventory to Europe, European itineraries tend to have fewer kids on board, or fewer thirds and fourths, which will drive down your occupancies versus say the Caribbean, for example. But our strategy hasn’t changed in terms of pretty much managing to full capacity and the demand certainly is out there for us to be able to do that as well. 
Richard D. Fain: Tim, I think though we should qualify that, because you specifically mentioned 20 basis points, and I think 20 basis points is below even our ability to look at with a magnifying glass. I think in fact, there may well be a slight bias towards having a little lower capacity and holding price in some cases, and again it depends a lot on the area and the markets that you are in. But I certainly don’t want to give you the impression that we will maintain that within anywhere near 20 basis points. 
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Capital Markets: That was the root of my question, is are you maybe willing in a more challenging overall economic environment to give up a little bit of occupancy to hold price, and then how much I guess of that dynamic are you willing to take. 
Richard D. Fain: We’re not really facing that at this point, but that is the kind of trade-off that we make all the time, in fact. 
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Lastly, gentlemen, you’d given some color on Europe overall, which still sounds very good. In particular, anything related to Ireland and the balance of the U.K. as similar to Spain, they are having probably the most challenging issues of all the European based economies?
Adam M. Goldstein: Tim, although Ireland is a small country, it’s very notable to us because the Irish guests that we have rate us the highest of any country in the world, so we are very partial to our Irish guests.  It’s a part of our U.K./Ireland selling effort and we are doing very well in that market, and to the best of my knowledge, Ireland is contributing its fair share to that growth. 
Timothy Conder - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you, gentlemen. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinite Research.
Assia Georgieva - Infinite Research: Good morning. A couple of questions; first of all, onboard spend for the second half of 2008, I assume you are expecting flat onboard spend, even though comps were very difficult a year ago? And a related question, it seems that the costs for onboard revenues have been increasing over the past several quarters. Is that a trend that will continue and what drives that?
Brian J. Rice: A couple of comments; I would say that our second half projections, we feel very good about. We are looking at pretty much flat onboard spending throughout the year. I will mention that our onboard spending right now is still at historical highs. It’s the highest we’ve ever seen in our history. We feel very good about it.  In terms of the increase in costs, Adam alluded to the fact that shore excursions in particular are doing quite well. Shore excursions tend to be a little bit lower margin and I think we’re also seeing some impact from the weakening dollar and that our costs in Euros for our European shore excursions have been increasing.  But again, on a net basis our onboard spending is about flat year over year and again, given the new markets and itineraries that we are serving, we think that’s held up pretty nicely. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinite Research: And you expect that to continue for the second half, despite the very difficult comp?
Brian J. Rice: Yes. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinite Research: Okay. And another question, maybe to follow-up on what Tim was asking about, have you seen any weakness in the U.K. market in terms of bookings, maybe early indications for 2009?
Adam M. Goldstein: Our outlook at this point, given the limited visibility that we have for our business overall, which would include the U.K., is positive at this point in terms of year-over-year status looking into ’09. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinite Research: So even over the last three months, you have not seen any negative changes, Adam?
Adam M. Goldstein: Correct. 
Assia Georgieva - Infinite Research: Okay. All right, thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. A very general question, which is two years ago you indicated that consumer trends were weak and that’s why you were experiencing softer performance relative to other discretionary categories. Now, with consumer trends weak from retail to [all travel], you’re indicating your results are solid. So I guess broadly, maybe you could just try to explain the disparity and are you on a different cycle, or something like that? Separately, maybe it’s the value product appeal but that would seem to appeal to customers no matter what. And I guess third, because I think this might be the answer, is just simply a change in the amount of supply in certain markets and a change of the itineraries. And if that’s the case, why not commit this morning to not build anymore ships than what you currently have planned?
Richard D. Fain: Steve, I think you are referring -- I’m not sure of the specific thing you are referring to, but I think you are referring to a one quarter snapshot that we were looking at. I think I would continue to emphasize we’re not claiming that we are immune from the effects of consumer sentiment, consumer spending, et cetera. We just think that we have ways to respond to that, and those ways don’t necessarily happen instantaneously.  We are fortunate that in some of this, we’ve anticipated some of those changes, so we’ve repositioned ships, et cetera.  I would emphasize we don’t think this is a terrific year. I am disappointed that we are looking at these kinds of yields and I think that if consumer sentiment was better, we would be looking at better yields.  I think we did say in our press release that clearly in today’s world, we think that we would certainly be a lot more cautious in looking at new orders, both because of the operating environment and because of the cost of the ships. But I think overall, we think we’ve held -- we don’t think we’ve changed our view that our industry and particularly our brands hold up better than you would expect, but still are influenced by the general economy. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: I guess it’s just that a few years ago, it seemed like relative to other industries, you were having a much more difficult time and appropriately, you changed your itineraries, reduced your supply in certain key markets and that seemed to help. So I guess I’m saying why not continue to do that? For example, can you maybe move to changing your itineraries faster and not committing to them out a year-and-a-half or two years, and maybe commit to them shorter and see what the reaction is to that and moving ships more quickly to areas that need demand and taking them out where demand is not so strong. 
Richard D. Fain: Well, you know, Steven, you can move more quickly and we actually have done that in very narrow circumstances where special circumstances dictated. But -- and I think what is unique about our industry is the ability to reposition, but it does take a while. You have to build up a market, you have to build up an infrastructure. The market needs to be aware the products are there. The travel agents need time to assimilate the information and disseminate that to their clients. And so yes, we’ve been making some fairly dramatic changes.  As I mentioned a year-and-a-half ago, our non-U.S. sourcing was, in terms of passenger count, was 13%. It’s now closer to a third and we think that’s a pretty dramatic shift. Can you do it in shorter time? Possibly but we think that is probably the appropriate thing to get the best value for our investment. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leibowitz with Burnham.
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Good morning. Did I hear Mr. Rice say that there was going to be an $18 million legal settlement added to the third quarter’s profit? And if that is accurate, what lawsuit is that and when will the settlement actually be announced?
Brian J. Rice: Actually, David, we have reached an agreement. If you look in our disclosures, we had a lawsuit against assets related to the Legionnaire’s case from back in the 1990s with the Horizon. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: 1994 -- it’s only been 14 years. 
Brian J. Rice: We have reached an agreement. The agreement is signed. It was signed after the close of the second quarter, so we’ll be recognizing that in the third quarter. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Okay, now, is that included in the earnings estimate then?
Brian J. Rice: Yes, it is. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: And yet we are not including in the earnings estimate the other costs, the fuel costs when you were speaking -- I have to get it out of the press release. 
Brian J. Rice: The earnings, the numbers that I gave you for fuel I believe was $224 million, something in that range for the quarter, and 772 I think for the year. That’s all baked into our EPS guidance. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Okay. And second of all, the New York Times had a major article I guess a week ago today or a week ago tomorrow about Park West and art auctions at sea. Has there been any change in either their policies or are you negotiating any changes with them regarding the terms of their remaining on board your ships?
Adam M. Goldstein: Nothing dramatic has happened in our relationship with Park West in the last week. We expect them to operate at the highest standards of credibility in the business that they are in and we are pretty demanding of our revenue partners in general, so they wouldn’t be excluded from that.  We’ve noted in previous calls that their revenue stream has been an area of weakness compared to other things happening in the onboard environment, and that continues to be the case. So we will be focusing quite a bit of attention on them -- this is all our brands now -- to make sure that they are both operating properly and producing properly. 
David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with J.P. Morgan.
Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan: Good morning, guys. You gave us some helpful information on ’09 load factors and pricing. What percentage of ’09 capacity has been booked? How does that compare to this time last year and if you could break that out between North America and international, that would be helpful. Thank you. 
Brian J. Rice: Joe, we really don’t break out that specific information. The information that we gave you for Q3 and Q4 is well above anything we’ve given in the past. I can tell you the only guidance we’ve traditionally given in terms of the future year is generally by the time we get to the end of the year, we’re normally about half sold. 
Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Campbell with Owl Creek.
David Campbell - Owl Creek: Thank you. You don’t tell us everything about the fuel hedges in terms of what the strike prices are, and I know you buy different kinds of fuel in different places around the world, so to simplify, I’m just trying to figure out what the average cost per ton of fuel would be if you were paying spot today for everything. 
Brian J. Rice: David, if you could follow-up with Greg after the call, we can try and provide you with some of those details. What we’ve tried to do is the fuel calculation and the hedges and the different instruments and what not and where we are purchasing can get very, very complicated, so what we’ve tried to do is keep it as simple as possible and give you what it is based on the current pricing, our best estimate of fuel. We provide you with consumption in the press release, which would enable you to back into the cost per ton, and then give you the sensitivity based on changes in WTI, assuming a perfect correlation but over time, it gets pretty close.  We think that that’s really the best way to look at fuel, but if you’d like to follow-up with Greg, he I think would be happy to help you go through all the details on that. 
Richard D. Fain: And David, we have changed the way we are providing that information. We used to give it as percent change and we are now giving it as a -- what an impact of a $10 change in crude does. As Brian says, it’s not a perfect correlation but over time it’s been a remarkably good surrogate. So you pretty much ought to be able to simply plug in off of your computer screen what today’s crude price is and see pretty accurately what our costs ought to be. 
David Campbell - Owl Creek: That doesn’t answer my question because you know, I could get what your pro forma fuel costs would be including the effect of your hedges, because the sensitivities you give include the effect of your hedges. What I’m trying to calculate is the pro forma fuel spend once hedges run off based on today’s fuel prices. 
Richard D. Fain: Right, and if you call Greg offline, we can give you a little more detail that will help you with your calculation. 
David Campbell - Owl Creek: Okay, thanks. 
Brian J. Rice: Operator, I think we have time for one more question, please. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Greg Haendel with Transamerica Investments.
Greg Haendel - Transamerica Investments: Thank you. First of all, thank you for providing a little bit more detail on your financing. As I calculated it, I don’t know, free cash flow wouldn’t be able to cover the ship costs but it’s good to know about the government guarantees. What are the -- as best as you can say, what are the terms of that financing? I mean, are they short bridge loans or are they termed out for an extended period of time and are they at exorbitant interest rates?
Richard D. Fain: No, actually, I guess you can -- I’m not sure exactly how much we’ve disclosed on that but we’ve given quite a bit and I will tell you that it has always been our policy that when we order a ship, we always, or almost always, arrange to have a financing in place that may or is at least acceptable to us. It tends to be at or less than LIBOR plus 100 basis points.  You can see in the past, for example, we just did one which was fairly extensively disclosed, which was that type of financing on the Independence of the Seas. The term tends to be eight to 12 years, depending on the situation. So they are always acceptable financing; in fact, they’ve been quite favorable recently. 
Greg Haendel - Transamerica Investments: Okay, and then I think you guys mentioned this earlier but short cruises are doing very well, somewhat at the expense of longer cruises. You are seeing more people going to shore cruises, is that correct?
Adam M. Goldstein: We have been doing relatively well on our short cruises but it’s not at the expense of other products in our portfolio. The seven-night Caribbean product range, for example, has held up well and so forth and we’ve given some color around Alaska and Europe.  So we are experiencing positive performance with our short products but it’s not out of color to the rest of our range. 
Greg Haendel - Transamerica Investments: Okay, thank you. 
Brian J. Rice: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We certainly appreciate your questions and we wish everyone a great day. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s second quarter earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian Rice - Chief Financial Officer Richard Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Adam Goldstein - President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International Dan Hanrahan - President and CEO of Celebrity and Azamara Cruises Greg Johnson - Associate Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Robin Farley - UBS Assia Georgieva - Infinity Research Tim Conder - Wachovia Corporation Hakan Ipekci - Merrill Lynch Scott Barry - Credit Suisse Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus David Leibowitz - Burnham Bob Simonson - William Blair Amir Markowitz - JP Morgan Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers [Hennas Mariely] - Dundee Securities [Joe Anova with South Block]
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tracy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd First Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to our host Mr. Brian Rice, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Brian Rice - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Tracy. Good morning, everyone. I would like to thank you for joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Adam Goldstein, President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International, Dan Hanrahan, President and CEO of Celebrity and Azamara Cruises, and Greg Johnson, our associate Vice President of Investor Relations. As we have done in the past, we have posted slides on our Investor website, www.rclinvestor.com, which we will be referring to during this call. Before we get into our results and the business overview, I would like to remind you of our forward-looking statement, which you will see on the first slide. During this call, we will be making comments which are forward-looking statements and are subject to change based on the items listed on our website, in disclosures, and our SEC filings. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which are non-GAAP as defined by Regulation G and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. First, Richard will comment on our recent performance strategic priorities. I will then take you through our financial results, discuss the current booking environment, and provide you with our updated forward guidance. Adam and Dan will follow with more specific comments about their brands. And then we will open the call for your questions. Richard?
Richard Fain - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Brian and good morning everyone. We are gratified by the performance of our businesses in the first quarter, but we continue to be extremely frustrated by the direct and the indirect cost relating to fuel. We are particularly pleased by the strong yield and cost performance of the individual brands especially in light of the pressures that we continue to see on consumer spending. Although, I know a lot of people view vacations in cruises as a relatively high discretionary purchase. The evidence shows that the consumers are still taking their vacations that they are attracted to the value of cruising and that they are responding in particular to the quality of our brands. I believe our first quarter performance is further evidence that our product is resistant or be it not immune to economic slow downs. I am pleased that we produce such a healthy yield improvement, but still believe we have very good upside potential as I believe we are still under priced for the value that we deliver. This last week has been very exciting week. First we took delivery in Finland of Independence of the Seas, the third of our remarkably successful Freedom-class Ships. Next I visited Germany, where tour at Celebrity Cruises which will join the celebrity fleet leader this year.
 : And then finally, just this last Tuesday we announced the closing of our joint venture with TUI AG. And we will be forming TUI cruises specifically designed to serve the German cruise market. All of that is taking place against the background of continued focus on three things. Growing our international business, mitigating fuel and other cost pressures and taking advantage of the great momentum we have with our brands in North America. But in the current environment we are facing serious headwinds from two important directions, economic pressures and energy costs. The fact that we’re doing as well or better than we originally expected against the first of these pressures gives me confidence about the future and our ability to improve these returns. Regarding the painful subject of energy costs, I am impressed by the concentration our management team has applied begin offsetting some of these expenses. I expect that the investments we are making in international sourcing and the innovative new vessels will be rewarded with premium pricing improved operating efficiencies and then will deliver very compelling returns. Brian?
Brian Rice - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Richard. As we mentioned in our press release and you will see on the second slide, revenues for the first quarter of 2008 increased to $1.4 billion from $1.2 billion in 2007. Net income for the quarter increased to $75.6 million or $0.35 per share compared to our 10-K guidance of $0.25 to $0.30 per share. For the first quarter of 2007, we reported net income of $8.8 million or $0.4 per share. Despite significant economic pressures, we had the highest first quarter yields in our company’s history, with substantially higher fuel prices; our earnings per share came in better than expectation. On slide 3, you will see that our guidance which will yield to increase in a range around 7%, and we actually generated an increase of 7.1%. You may recall that back in October on our third quarter conference call, we gave preliminary guidance to the Q1 yields to be up in single-digits. Then in January on our fourth quarter call, we updated this guidance to be up in a range around 7%. Our business has been solid and consistent over this recent month and as we have pointed more resilient in many other consumer driven sectors and companies. Our net cruise cost excluding field for APCD came in 1% below last year. We have being feeling personnel related cost pressures and have seen increases in commodity prices and freight chargers, it relate back to fuel. As a result our expenses will increase as the year progresses, but I think our first quarter performances is a great example of our management’s focus on controlling cost and our ability to leverage the investments, we have made in the past. On slide 4, you will see our fuel cost on a per-APCD basis, increased 23.9% versus the same time last year. And also came in 8.2% higher than the cost included in our guidance. Our fuel costs were $20.17 per APCD in the first quarter of 2007. This quarter higher average fuel prices added $9 and $0.46 for APCD. We were able to offset about half of this increase through consumption efficiency hedging, which saved us $4.64 per APCD. On a net basis fuel cost were $41 million or $0.19 per share higher than in 2007.
 : For example, in the first quarter we spent more during two dry docks on a project aimed to reducing fuel consumption. This project added to expenses in the first quarter, but will more than pay for itself during the course of the year. We believe strongly in giving our management’s flexibility to make good decisions for the longer term even, if it occasionally means a little short-term sacrifice. And as we have said in the past, we are more focused on managing our business on an annual basis than on a quarterly. In the end, we met our revenue guidance and non-fuel cost guidance. Fuel expense increased significantly, but was more than offset by benefit below operating income. The benefits came from numerous areas. Our interest expense was better due to lower interest rates. Our equity pickups and oil increases in some of other investments were better than forecasted, and we realized some gains in foreign exchange and hedging and effectiveness. All these items combined, improved our results by $0.07 per share. Now I’d like to move on to our guidance for the second quarter and full year. On slide 5, you will see our forecasted for earnings per share to be $0.40 to $0.45 for the second quarter and $2.85 to $3 for the full year. For the second quarter, we will have an increase in capacity of 5.4% and we expect yields to be up around 2%. Based on the current fuel prices, net cruise cost were expected to be up between 7% and 8%. And excluding fuel net cruise cost should be up between 3% and 4%.
 : The fuel prices remained at current levels. Our fuel cost for the second quarter would be approximately $172 million and would be approximately $685 million for the full year. This takes into account, but as of today, we are 49% hedged for the second quarter and 50% hedge for the balance of the year. In terms of the sensitivity, a 10% change in our fuel prices either way equates to about $10 million of impact in the second quarter and $29 million impact to the year. Our fuel guidance based on current pricing has increased by $90 million since our last call. If you will turn to slide 6, you will see that our blended fuel cost per metric ton as a very strong correlation improvement in WTI. We think monitoring WTI and applying the changes sensitivities we provide it’s a pretty good way to model our fuel expenses. Since our last call, WTI prices have increased from around $92 a barrel to about $118 or 28%. As you may recall, last quarter we said a 10% change in our fuel prices either way could equate to a $35 million impact or with the 28% increase about $98 million. If you consider the fact that our first quarter was not exposed to the full 28% increase, you would get fairly closed $90 million adjustment for current prices. And as we look forward to 2009, our hedge position is currently in the mid teens, despite this and even at today’s prices, we are forecasting our fuel cost per APCD to actually be somewhat less than this year due to the savings initiatives we have put in place and the efficiencies of our new vessels. Now, I would like to talk briefly about the demand environment and our yield guidance. Before I get into the numbers, I would like to remind you that on Tuesday, we announced an increase in our fuel supplement to $8 per day for the first, second guest in the same room and added to charge of $3 per day for all other guests. The changed applies to new bookings only effective May 1 and is cap to the first 14 nights in the cruise. The net impact of this increase will have on yield is difficult to project recognizing our demand as fairly elastic. But at this point, we do not believe the increase will have a material impact on our full year yield guidance. It takes approximately $15 billion in net revenues to move our yield one percentage point and we simply just do not have enough capacity left to sales for the balance of the year, to see that sort of change. Consistent with our last call, we expect to see yield improvements in all four quarter this year. Our ticket prices are certainly driving the increases. Our guest continues to spend at or above last year’s level when onboard our vessels. I know there is a lot of interest in onboard spending right now. So Adam and Dane will comment more about their brands performance. But at an aggregate level it seemed to be fairing pretty well. On slide 7, it’s the graph that illustrates how book load factors and pricing compares by quarters same time last year. Book load factors are strikingly similar in all quarters for the balance of the year and pricing is up nicely in all three quarters. And although, visibility isn’t as clear, prices are relatively strong during the third and fourth quarters than in the second. We know there is a lot of concern in the market about the economy and that many people believe it’s just a matter of time before we start feeling the pinch. We continue to monitor our demand closely and we remain cautiously optimistic from all the date we will save. We generally do not comment so far else, because it is still very early in the booking cycle. But I will mention that at this point both booked load factors and pricing are running ahead to the first quarter of 2009. On slide 8, you will see our projected CapEx based on our existing ship orders. I am sure you saw that earlier this month Standard & Poor’s lowered our credit rating BBB- negative outlook to BB+ plus stable. Obviously, we were disappointed with their decision and hope to regain our investing grade rating. But we do not believe the impact of this action will be material. In the near term, we will see a minimal increase in our interest expense, which is included in the numbers, we disclosed in our press release. For our new builds, we have either financing commitments or government guaranteed commitments for funding a large portion of the contract price for each of our current orders. While we may chose to do so for various reasons, we envision no current reason we would need to access the capital markets for new financing in the foreseeable future. We already have sufficient funding from internal sources and financing commitments to meet all our existing capital and operating expenses.
.:  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Adam, to talk about the Royal Caribbean International brand.
Adam Goldstein - President and CEO of Royal Caribbean International:  Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. We are quite pleased with the first quarter results particularly the performance of our Caribbean products that rebounded strongly from the difficult first quarter of 2007. The quality of closing Caribbean demand enabled us to complete our first quarter revenue generation in a positive manner. We went into and came out of the wave period in generally good shape for the year and we have maintained our yield guidance that we gave last quarter. While our visibility is naturally more limited to further in to the future we look, currently most of our products for the rest of 2008 are in a favorable pricing position on a year-over-year basis. In Europe, where both we and the industry are growing capacity at nearly 25% on a year-over-year basis, we expect net revenue yields for the extended season to be slightly up. The outlook for Alaska yields is flat to slightly down. Turning to onboard revenue, in the first quarter, our guest spent at or above last year’s historically strong levels with the exception that we experienced lower on-board revenue yields on some of the more globally sourced products we introduced this past winter season. Moving now to our fleet, we began to introduce our third Freedom-class ship Independence of the Seas this week after a successful delivery on April 17th. She will commence revenue service out of South Hampton, UK on May 2nd. We have announced that she will return to South Hampton in 2009 as part of a record 8 Royal Caribbean ships that will be sailing in Europe. Last but not least, earlier last week we revealed a Central Park, the first major feature on the project Genesis ship. The publicity was instantly global giving an indication of things to come as we reveal more elements. The footprint of the ship will enable us to deliver an unprecedented variety of wild experiences that will amaze and please our guests. Dan?
Dan Hanrahan - President and CEO of Celebrity and Azamara Cruises: Thank you, Adam. As Brian, Adam and Richard have already mentioned we are pleased with our first quarter results. The combination of a strong Caribbean and some key deployment changes including positioning Celebrity in Australia and New Zealand for the first time have lead us to the strong yields we experienced. We also saw nice increase in on-board revenues during the first quarter. In particular, beverage, shore excursions and spa were strong, telephone and internet usage also contributed to the increase. Looking at the balance of the year, we are coming to Celebrities most exiting time as Alaska and Europe combined represent almost 50% of our sailing days this year. We’ve increased our capacity in both Alaska and Europe and are pleased with the results. Our booking trends are inline with our expectations, volumes are roughly the same as last year and we are seeing rate increases in both markets. Alaska business has seen a slight increase in yields and the extended season has been beneficial. Europe is also slightly up although because of the extended season into the fourth quarter we still have a good bit of our volume to build. Our new Solstice ship due to be delivered in the fourth quarter continues to perform well from a volume and rate standpoint. The decision to build the ship with 85% balcony cabins is delivering the benefit we had planned for during the design of the class. Looking beyond the Alaska and Europe seasons, we are encouraged by South America yields for the fourth quarter. Earlier reports for the first quarter of ‘09 are positive although we are still very early in the selling cycle. We continue to stay focused on managing our costs, across the brand. Just this week we are completing the installation of the diesel engine on Summit. The diesel engine is more efficient and actually enables us to burn less fuel. We will complete this project by the end of the year with the installation on the Infinity. Brian?
Brian Rice - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Dan. Tracy, we would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent: Hi, good morning. Could you just talk a little bit about how you see the second half of ‘08 net yield reaccelerating? You commented on it little bit and I think at one point you said your - you don’t have that much more to sell. So, I wanted to understand how you reaccelerate into the second half? And then the other income line, could you talk a little bit about what went into that and also the foreign exchange impact?
Brian Rice: Hey Steve, it’s Brian. The second half of the year, the yields if you do the math would imply that the yield guidance are stronger in the third and fourth quarter and then what we are saying in second. We are seeing, I think as Adam alluded to and Dan, we are seeing a healthy Caribbean recovery, which is going to impact obviously the fourth quarter more that it would in second quarter. We also have an extension of the season in Europe which is benefiting us. I think Adam and Dane bettered, we have said that Alaska is pretty much flat year-over-year. But I think strength of our European business the Caribbean business really is driving the acceleration of yield to third and fourth quarter.
, :
Steve Kent: Again Brian, on foreign exchange how did it impact the net yield both the actual and when you think about your guidance?
Brian Rice: Steve, the only functional current, the only brand that we have that has a functional currency other than Dollars is Pullmantur, and Pullmantur represents as you know only about 7% of our capacity. We do have the expenses that are sensitive to FX. We have marketing and sales efforts on behalf of Royal Caribbean Celebrity and Azamara that are sensitive. We have our Brilliance leases dominated in Sterling, but we also had benefits on the top line. We don’t break that out because frankly, the way we manage our business, currencies, part of our revenue management and decision making, it is not as easy for us to go in and just say had the dollar been a different level what the increased would have been.
Steve Kent: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley : Thanks. A couple of questions, one is for the second quarter I guess maybe it would have look like a easier comp versus last year than the second half, and I was wondering if that your guidance of plus 2%, is that what you would have thought would be a quarter ago. I know you didn’t give guidance currently, but just in terms of internal expectations can you gives us a little color on that?
Brian Rice: Sure Robin, I think that our revenue guidance both what we’ve stated publicly and even as you breakdown the details internally has remained remarkably consistent over the last three or four months. I think, I would emphasize one of the benefits that we are seeing in the second half of the years, as where Pullmantur comes in with sweet spot during the summer months. Remember, we do report Pullmantur on a two-month flag and we had been doing some ship transfers out of our North American brands into Pullmantur, which is benefiting Pullmantur quite a bit as well. But it’s been remarkably consistent in terms of how the quarter yield performances have been.
Robin Farley: And then including the second quarter specifically, what are your expectations for Q2?
Brian Rice: I am sorry Robin, could you repeat that?
Robin Farley: Sure, I know you talked about your full year guidance being consistent with the last time you commented, but I guess I just wanted to clarify that specifically also for your second quarter expectations that how that changed from a quarter ago?
Brian Rice: Actually, I will give you it in a little more detail; I think the second, third and fourth quarters have all remained very consistent with our prior expectations.
Robin Farley: Okay great. Thanks. And then also, on the expense front your expense ex-fuel you know with previous guidance of plus one to two now, plus two to three in a I think in the introductory comment you mentioned personnel expenses I wish if you could give just a little bit more color on that because it seems like a big increase that would have come on and the sort of have occurred in the last kind of six to eight weeks as a percentage of your personal cost it seems like it went up significantly maybe can just give us some more color?
Adam: Hi Robin it’s Adam, it is one of the elements that we mentioned, I don’t want to make too much of it, we have seen some inflationary pressures which to your point haven’t been sudden but have been developing over the last year, or more as the shipping market has tightened up in terms of Marine Officers license, Marine Officers and what our brands need to do to remain competitive for I call your personal that we want to have on board our ships. But they would also be elements in terms of freight, which is clearly affected by energy costs as well, food, and dairy pricing, fairly elements that are affected by energy pricing as well. So these are what would fall into net cruise costs ex-fuel that are affecting us in different expense line.
Goldstein: Hi Robin it’s Adam, it is one of the elements that we mentioned, I don’t want to make too much of it, we have seen some inflationary pressures which to your point haven’t been sudden but have been developing over the last year, or more as the shipping market has tightened up in terms of Marine Officers license, Marine Officers and what our brands need to do to remain competitive for I call your personal that we want to have on board our ships. But they would also be elements in terms of freight, which is clearly affected by energy costs as well, food, and dairy pricing, fairly elements that are affected by energy pricing as well. So these are what would fall into net cruise costs ex-fuel that are affecting us in different expense line.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. And then the last thing, I guess you talked a little bit about some of the elements under income line, but it looks like it was $0.06 a share higher than in the last quarter, and I guess can you give us any color on what kind of volatility we should expect in this line for the reminder of the year?
Adam Goldstein: Robin, I think we have a pretty good handle on our interest income and expense we have pretty good handle along our equity pickups we try to refine those forecast the one thing that is really very difficult to get a hand alone is the hedging and effectiveness. We did have a gain little over $3 million in the first quarter because we had some hedges out there for a type of fuel that we were planning and MGA fuel that we were going to use in the Mediterranean and they changed the type of fuels we need to burn there. So, it became ineffective than we had a $3 million gain below the line rather than up in our fuel line. The accounting rules around hedging continue to evolve and frustrate us and sometimes we do see more volatility there like to.
Robin Farley : And in terms of the currency hedging mentioned you try to offset something’s by inter-company loan exchange, is there anything there or that is going to reverse later in the year?
Adam Goldstein: There it should, you know they should work in tandem what happened that was kind of interesting in the first quarter versus the prior year quarters is the dollar did not either weaken or strengthen the across board, its kind of interesting that we saw the Canadian dollar weaken but the Euro strengthened and the Sterling effectively made flat throughout the quarter in its, when they moved in tandem our hedges were or natural hedges were quite well with one another but one you had individual ones moving back and forth that bridge move at noise.
Daniel Hanrahan: Yeah, Robin, and also add two other things, don’t forget the equity pick up in things like Island cruises. So, although they are below the line as far as we are concerned in that since much operation with anything else we did. And again we also have a fair amount of movement between quarters, that’s always an issue by now, but when we look at the year as a whole we don’t really expect to see a big change year-over-year in terms of what’s happening below the line.
Robin Farley : Okay, that’s great. And just a final little clarification, what amount of that was the equity pickup from Island cruises?
Adam Goldstein: Robin, I don’t have the numbers directly in front of me, but as I recall of this $3 million range.
Robin Farley : Okay.
Adam Goldstein: Over forecast.
Robin Farley: I am sorry, $3 million over forecast, okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva : Even I had one question on your forecast for on-board spent both Adam and Dan mentioned that it was good in the current quarter even though to me it appears it was flat? And going forward what turns do you expect developing have you seen worsening something as we progressed during Q1 and is that something you are breaking into the numbers?
Brian Rice: Assia, could you just repeat just the last part of it, I lost the last part of it?
Assia Georgieva: Whether you are breaking any increase in onboard spend when you are giving us your guidance for the rest of year or are you assuming pretty much flat on-board spend given in the what we saw in Q1?
Brian Rice: Well, it varies by brand but overall we are up, our onboard revenue forecast is up slightly over 2007. And I can comment a little bit more specifically about Celebrity, we’ve seen nice on-board spending in beverage sore excursions and spas, I mentioned we are also seeing is people become more mobile, and we are seeing big increases in telephone and internet usage. So we are seeing some organized upsides there. So overall on Celebrity we are up slightly and as a company we see ourselves being up slightly for the year.
Daniel Hanrahan: If I could just also add one of the thing is we look at this. We are looking at the fairly detailed level, and we are looking at comparable numbers. So, we go to a new antennary some of our new antennary inherently have lower onboard spend because of either where the guest sourcing is or because of what the antennary is felted and so we adjust to that, and we are looking at it just overall, how we think those are doing. And that does mean given our new antennary, the increase is not huge. But we see it as quite healthy particularly given a very good starting point last year.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. So, when you speak about our healthy increase that will be in a comparable basis, say sourcing North American passengers, not sourcing out of South America?
Richard Fain: Just to be clear, we said a healthy increase because that would buy a larger increase, we just said the on-board revenues continue to be healthy, and we are making the two comments, one, it was healthy last year and it continues to be healthy and two, when we are making comparisons on a like-for-like basis. We think we are doing even better than last year.
Assia Georgieva: Okay. Thank you, Richard.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wachovia Corporation.
Tim Conder: You just clarify again I think it should rapid it up on the onboard, but you are seeing year-over-year increase on a per-guest basis, is it correct?
Brian Rice: Yes. That’s correct.
Tim Conder: Okay. And can you give us any color as to the recent fuel surcharges that you announced two days ago, the incremental fuel surcharges and may need some alluded some of this in your preliminary comments. But how much of that could impact your yield here in the year. Is that 10 bases point, 20 bases point in 2008?
Brian Rice: Tim that is, it’s the $64 million question, it’s very difficult you know our guest say elastic, we did see last year when we passed on the $50 head tax from Alaska, put pressure on our ability to raise our ticket prices. There is kind of bearing opinions in the market place and frankly there is bearing opinions here within our company as to how to much you that we actually get to keep. We’ve not baked in any significant upside as a result of that and again it takes about $50 million just to move that one point.
Tim Conder: Okay.
Brian Rice: I think, we would probably recognize more the benefit in ’09 and would see in ’08 simply because of the percentage of our inventory as already booked.
Tim Conder: Okay. But again Brian, is the key there is the guest very elastic, and we don’t know how much of this effectively going to stick right?
Brian Rice: Right. And frankly the only way we will ever know is hopefully someday fuel prices begin to come down and we’ll take our fuel supplements down and see how much the rate increase we can hold on to.
Tim Conder:
 :
Brian Rice: Yeah, actually it’s interesting, I think it was last first quarter we got the question why we didn’t, why we were hedging so much and in the second quarter we got why didn’t hedge more. We are remarkably consistent, we tried to remain 40 to 60% hedged, looking out in the 12-month window and we were certainly within that now. We are not viewing our hedging and speculation, we are not betting as the market is different. We have a fairly methodical approach where the hedge committee that is constantly looking for those instruments out there, that will qualify for hedge accounting given our needs, and we are right about where we’ve always been plus or minus a few percentage points. But I wouldn’t read anything that we changed the way we approach it.
Tim Conder: Okay. And then will the longer term prospective here, just refreshes on your commitment either contractually or you’re thought process, I guess is to the number of ships over the next several years that you may move into the new TUI JV.
Richard Fain:
 :
Tim Conder: Okay. You would think given Richard again the time and then the state of the first lot and you may see another ship or two transfer before you start to get some new builds coming on stream?
Richard Fain: I think it is possible, I think it depends on where frankly where we going to get the best return whether it’s their existing deployment or specifically in the German market.
Tim Conder: Okay, great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hakan Ipekci with Merrill Lynch.
Hakan Ipekci: Thank you. Two questions, first of all has there been any changes in your booking window during the quarter or any changes in your cancellations rates from the passengers?
Brian Rice: Hakan, it’s Brian. No, we’ve really had seen very remarkably consistent booking windows, I will point out we didn’t chose slide on this particular call because frankly we just had so many other items to talk about. But, the close and bookings continue to perform very strongly. The graph that we have shown in the past with the premiums that we’re getting within the 90 day window continue, but we have not seen any shift in the booking term and the cancellation rates and had stayed remarkably consistent. One of the things I tried to mention in my script before we talked about the first quarter of ’09, we continue to dissect this data and look for concerns that are out on horizon that maybe coming up. And at this point in time, we are very pleased with the reservations that we were getting everyday.
Hakan Ipekci: Okay. And with respect to your, I mean obviously there is a lot of capacity that’s going there but is availability and pricing of every list is been an issue for bookings and as there were some things that you can do, perhaps done?
Brian Rice: Hakan, don’t think that we source an off lot of our business in your up as well. So, you know there that we have seen some increase in air tickets where we are still seeing very, very strong interest in our US and our domestic guest to go to Europe, and we’re first seeing a lot of guests out of Europe, so the combination has continued to work well for us and as you heard I said earlier that you know our premium products in Alaskan and in Europe are doing pretty well. So, we haven’t been trouble by that at this point.
Adam Goldstein: Hakan, if I can add on this, it’s Adam, there is a strong desire by Americans to see Europe. So whether you want to see it by land or by cruise you or going to have to secure air to get there. The advantage there we continue to have is a vacation choice is how much of your overall European vacation you can secure in dollars, by buying a cruise, as opposed to buying all the different components for yourself on the European Continent. And so at any level of air price we still think we will be relative beneficiaries of the type of vacation we are and the way the people can insulate themselves, relatively speaking against the weak dollar and strong Euro relationship.
Hakan Ipekci: I see. Okay, and finally have you disclose it what price would you take down to reduce the fuel supplement?
Brian Rice: No, we haven’t given any specific guidance in that, I can tell you that if the current levels were not fully recovering the type of human cruises that we have seen from January about seven now?
Hakan Ipekci: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Barry with Credit Suisse.
Scott Barry:  I know the reason really any transparency into your tour business, but each of the last couple of quarter your on-board and other expenses has grown dramatically faster than you on-board and other revenues. Could you comment on what’s driving that and then I have a follow? Thanks.
Brian Rice: Scott, the tour business is mainly coming from Pullmantur and we also have what we call sub charters, we have three aircraft within Pullmantur in that is sub charters own. In the first quarter we did charter more of the excess air capacities that we had for Pullmantur than we had it prior year.
Scott Barry: That’s driving the increase in cost there relative to the revenue growth?
Brian Rice: That impacts both the cost, the cost those are embedded in non-deck cruise cost and the revenue is up in the under revenue line.
Scott Barry : European may be a better way to ask you is Pullmantur the margins there or they are stable improving or they deteriorating? 
Brian Rice: They are getting better.
Scott Barry: Okay. And then Richard, would you be like to comment on the trade press reports such year negotiating to by one of NCLs vessels for European brand?
Richard Fain: No, we are not.
Scott Barry: Okay, thanks. You are not negotiating or..?
Richard Fain: We are not negotiating.
Scott Barry:  Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Wieczynski with Stifel Nicolaus.
Steven Wieczynski: This kind of ………
Richard Fain: Operator I believe we lost stayed there.
Operator: Yes, his line did disconnect. Okay. Your next question comes from the line of David Leibowitz with Burnham.
David Leibowitz:  Capacity under movement to vessels, first the agreement with TUI, TUI still owns Hapag-Lloyd and Hapag-Lloyd owns one upscale vessel, is that part of the joint venture in anyway?
Richard Fain:  No, it’s not.
David Leibowitz: And is there anything to preclude TUI from expanding further into the upper scale market for the German or European tourist?
Richard Fain:  You mean with Hapag-Lloyd.
David Leibowitz: Exactly.
Richard Fain:  No, there is no restriction on Hapag-Lloyd continuing to do with TUI or expanding. What we are creating is different market segment. And now that they have restricted, nor could be rationale which is been, which has a presence in Germany, there is no restrictions on it operating again as they separate fundamentally different kind of operation.
David Leibowitz:  Okay. And in terms of the joint venture where no one’s originally announced our record had been a statement made that you would be adding two new builds hopefully in 2010-2011, from March you said today one gets the impression that might not be in the cards anymore? Well I getting like, what you stated wrong and I apologized that trying to miss quote you. 
Richard Fain: Yeah, no David certainly we didn’t intend to imply anything like that I think the earlier releases had indicated that we were hoping for new buildings starting in 2011-2012, sort of things and that is not changed.
David Leibowitz:  Okay. Now Pullmantur has two very old vessels one dating back to 1965, usually how much more use for it can you get out of vessels of that age.
Richard Fain:  Well, interesting, and it is interesting and of course especially if you are addressing the question to us who have prior to their sales and very effective in using the most modern capacity. But in fact as we've often said there is nothing technically that’s changed that much in terms of ships ability to operate more and more efficiency of ships. And as it happens some of Pullmantur older ships are extremely attractive in their respective markets. And so the other thing that we have been I think fairly consistent of saying is that we believe one size does not fit all and within Pullmantur, those old ships are certainly physically capable of continuing to operate well. And the results continue to be quite good and they are doing better this year than last year. And I think its interesting to watch out and we hope to continue to build on that presence. One of the point I’ll take the opportunity to mention we often talked about our hard work, we are very proud of our hard work. But the thing that is always differentiated our brand is the service levels that men and women on board produce and on the tour there is no exception for that.
David Leibowitz: Now your venture in France, there has not been a lot of publicity about it. Can you give us an update? You think it would be up to our expectations exceeding our expectations, do we need more critical mash by adding more vessels etcetera?
Richard Fain: Well, its just starting, as in fact it hasn’t even started yet it’s due to start next month. And its really very small so, it would be a mistake to read too much into that but we think that some market that is hungry for a domestic brand and that will do well. That is an older ship but by the time we are finishing the conversion work which is going on literally as we speak. For the passenger point of view it will be A: a modern ship and B: probably more importantly to them it will be a French ship. And so, we think that will do well but it is too early to speak more specific.
David Leibowitz: And is there any timeline we should be looking at as a matter to be adding capacity?
Brian Rice: Not at this point, you shouldn’t be looking for a timeline David.
David Leibowitz: Okay. And sticking with Azamara, one of your payment…?
Brian Rice: We are going to have to.
David Leibowitz: All my apologies, okay I’ll get back in queue.
Richard Fain: Sorry, but we have quite a few of them.
David Leibowitz: Not a problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Simonson with William Blair.
Bob Simonson: Good morning. If you have an estimate of this year’s sourcing of all of your capacity. How much would be from the US versus all other markets? And how would they compare with last year?
Brian Rice: David, it was, I am sorry Bob it was $60 million percent of the revenue was sourced from outside of North America last year. We haven’t disclosed any numbers beyond that other than the fact that we expect the non-North-American to continue to grow both this year and at the years to come. The vast majority of our capacity that is coming on line over the next few years, the net growth will virtually all becoming in outside in North America.
Bob Simonson: So 69% of, only 31% of the beds last year were filled by Americans?
Brian Rice: 31% of our revenue was source from outside of North America
Bob Simonson: Well, outside.
Brian Rice: 39% within.
Bob Simonson: Okay.
Brian Rice: And that does 69% will continue to decline.
Bob Simonson: Okay.
Brian Rice: On this we grow our business in Europe and else where in the world.
Bob Simonson: And then, is this too simple but you are fuel costs your dollar fuel cost in the first quarter were up, roughly 35% your capacity was up 9. Is that correct to say that your capacity adjusted fuel cost were up 24, just subtracting one from the other?
Brian Rice: Yes.
Bob Simonson: That’s okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amir Markowitz with JP Morgan.
Amir Markowitz: Hi, good morning. Just a little quick question about your non-fuel expenses, it looks like those expenses they are currently are increasing going forward you know as far as your guidance goes. Just wondering if there is any sort of increases in marketing that you seeing in order to kind of fill the ships going forward?
Brian Rice: Amir, we’re actually we’ve raised our non-fuel net cruise cost from the range of 1% to 2% to a range to 2% to 3% mid point moved to 100 basis points. But most of the increases were seeing really our fuel related, its in commodity pricing, its in freight charges it has moved in our crew, around the world, the airlines are coming out of fuels surcharges as well. Those are the cost pressures that we have seeing we actually have been very consistent with our marketing we are not going to start cutting back on marketing, because that’s what the strategic investment that we continuously referred to. We have been able to find some efficiency in our G&A, and then I think our management team you know it’s indicated by the first quarter where we actually saw our non-fuel net cruise costs come down 1%. Despite all these pressures that is been out there I think is remarkably focused on dedicating as much as this expense if they can. Then what we tried to do is to give you our best thinking at this point of time base number we seeing company with the commodity in particular.
Amir Markowitz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Lehman Brothers.
Felicia Hendrix: Good morning guys. If I can return to this second quarter yield guidance I know the comparisons in the first quarter year-over-year, I was better more favorable in our second quarter benefit quarter the still kind of easy count, and I am just wondering if you kind of explain why we were seeing this huge drop off in the change and in that yield guidance versus the actual results in the first quarter?
Brian Rice: The results in the first quarter were very strong with 7.1% but remember the comp last year was certainly we were down in the range around 4.2%. So that was a very easy comparable. I think the annual number is more appropriate with being up around 4%. Again I think the product mix that you are seeing in the second quarter you have a lot of repositioning cruises Adam alluded to some of the new products that are out in the market place while those products are doing quiet well versus our expectations, they are not going to be seller performance but you are going to drive up the corporate yields in near term. I think most of the health that were seeing the recovery in the Caribbean and certainly the extension of the European season in Fourth Quarter, which really helping drive the back off the year.
Felicia Hendrix:  Okay.
Daniel Hanrahan:  Felicia, if I could just add, I think a couple of the questions have indicated a sort of a question by this - a sort of change with the second half. We are assuming economy is getting better something along those lines. And just to relish Brian’s comment, I think it’s important -- I actually have always impressed how accurate they are in protecting yields year, I guess from quarter-to-quarter there is a certain amount of random and it also becomes intermittent so we started – it’s fairly dramatic change it's not a change in trend. It’s just to replying it to some fairly specific things within the context of one quarter, a couple of small changes make a difference but overall for the year, we are not seeing any difference sort of style in the first quarter, second quarter was the room? 
Felicia Hendrix:  Okay 
Adam Goldstein:  Felicia, I maybe just add, I think Robin has the same line of questioning and it really is a remarkable for Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, our forecast relays have not moved since beginning of the year. This is not a result in any ships that were seeing; we have seen a very consistent and fairly predictable pattern throughout rain season.
Felicia Hendrix:  Okay, alright. Thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of [Hennas Mariely] with Dundee Securities.
Hennas Mariely:  I was just questioning on the net yields of the guidance again on the Q2, did you feel surcharge of any thing to do with that like the offset in the fuel charge that was announced that built into the yields?
Brian Rice:  Well the fuel surcharge the $5 we came now with back in November applied to new selling on February 1st, obviously, we were more booked in the second quarter then we moved in 3rd, 4th and the extra $3 that we’ve just added within the last week. We wouldn’t expect much benefit from that. But again the fuel surcharge we are talking $3, $5 changes on rather new set -- retire than that and there is a lot of velocity within their bookings. So we wouldn’t attribute a lot of that to any consequence here, again you know the business since remained remarkably consistent really over the last 4 to 5 months.
Hennas Mariely:  Okay, thanks.
Brian Rice:  Operator, we have time for one more question please.
Operator:  Okay. Your last question comes from the line of [Joe Anova with South Block].
Joe Anova: Hi guys. I think hearing recently through the gratifying that some travel agents haven’t seen what promotional activity in the cruise business, can you comment on that?
Brian Rice:  Joe, you know, it’s remarkable, we love to read all the different reports that are coming out talking about our pricing and what’s happening. There is promotions are part of what is continuously going on with all brands and this business is very surgical and the way we do our revenue management. Its very hard in the market place when you consider, we have 1500 voyages out there from sourcing gas globally from selling in to 25th different categories on many of our ships and there is a lot of different noise that you are going to see out there. I would reiterate that on a macro basis and even that of product level and brand level our business continuous to be very consistent and we saw throughout the way period and continue to see it right now.
Joe Anova: Okay. And then can you talk about just generally speaking to what extent do you think you will be able to rise prices in the European region that you know in the next few quarters or next years that is as we continued to see more massive deployment of vessels from the Caribbean to that region and also given that I think historically the region has somewhat resistant price increases and increase lines and these are in general?
Richard Fain:  Our comment really is that not withstanding the numbers 25% year over year increase both for our company and for the industry in Europe and even taking into account some of the other things that have been mentioned by higher air pricing, but have you our outlook for yield is up on a year-over-year basis, what that tells us is two things, there remains a healthy appetite by the American consumer to go over and see Europe on our cruise ships of our different brand, and it is also is reflective of the growth of outsourcing of European customers many of whom would like to cruise close to home just as we see another regions of the world. So, we really feel that the combination of those two effects goes well and even last year was a healthy capacity increase over the year before so, to go up by almost 25% again is significant growth and to combine that with upward yield performance is the healthy indicator for what might happen in the future years.
Joe Anova: Right, I understood. But at this time, where I think most of your competitors are also looking to go their presence in Europe I mean -- I guess to what extent you think you will be able to sustain that net yield, improvement you know, year-over-year over the next 3 to 5 years?
Richard Fain: I think all we can say especially looking at the European holiday market place is that there is enormous vacation activity taking place out of all the countries but especially the larger economies. We are just catching on to the benefits of cruise vacation. We see it very strongly in the UK, and we also see it now out of the other strong – out of the other large markets so as well. Germany market growth has been exceptional Italy and Spain market growth have both then very strong. And, we believe that France is capable of producing those types of – that type of growth overtime as well. And, there is no indication that American appetite see here a full decline in the near future if anything it will grow, so we can’t project at this point specific year-over-year yield performance we can only say that the fundamentals looking-forward seems quite favorable to us.
Joe Anova: Got it, okay. And my last question just a quick follow up to the cancellation re-question, is this different then the industry conversion rate that you see after customers put there deposit down on bookings?
Brian Rice: Yes, generally when we are ask questions about cancellation rates we assume that people are asking about folks who actually deposit on their cruise, there are actually three things that we monitor quite carefully, we monitor the percentage of the people who are calling us did actually make a reservation, we monitor the percentage of the people who make a reservation they make a deposit then we also monitor the size of the people who may deposit that actually sale. I can tell you we all three of those numbers have helped are remarkably consistent even after 9/11 when we talk about the cancellation rates we do see that when people put money down on their cruise again even after 9/11, we saw remarkable Brazilians in the percentage of the guests that actually went forward stuck with their Cruise vacation plans. 
Joe Anova:  Okay. Great, well I think that during that time it was probably more favorable to travel on to seas rather than by air so maybe that was fairly different situation then it is now?
Brian Rice: Well, I think you are the key here is that the numbers are not changing are seeing remarkable consistency and we watched every single day.
Joe Anova: Okay, great. Thank you.
Brian Rice: Okay. With that we thank you very much for joining us today. As always, we appreciated it. And Greg will be available through out the day for any follow ups you may have. And wish everyone a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd First Quarter Earnings Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard D. Fain – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Adam M. Goldstein – President, Royal Caribbean International Daniel J. Hanrahan – President, Celebrity Cruises Brian J. Rice – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Greg Johnson – Associate Vice President, Investor Relations 
Analysts: Michael Savner – Banc of America Securities Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs Felicia Kantor Hendrix – Lehman Brothers Hakan Ipecki – Merrill Lynch Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research Robin Farley – UBS Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets Robert Simonson – William Blair & Company Rahad Mital – BlueBay Asset Management Henrik Schultz – Kaupthing Pat Schaefer – Chartwell Capital Investors Steven Wieczynski – Stifel Nicolaus & Company Scott Barry – Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Celeste and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the year-end earnings release conference call for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.  After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Rice, you may begin your conference.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Celeste, and good morning, everyone. I would like to thank you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our chairman and chief executive officer, Adam Goldstein, President of Royal Caribbean International, Dan Hanrahan, President of Celebrity and Azamara Cruises, and Greg Johnson, our associate vice president of Investor Relations. As we have done in the past, we have posted slides on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com, which we will be referring to during this call.  Before we get into our results and the business overview I would like to remind you of our forward-looking statement, which you will see on the first slide. During this call we will be making comments which are forward-looking statements and are subject to change based on the items listed on our website, in disclosures, and our SEC filings. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures which are non-GAAP as defined by Regulation G and reconciliation of these items can be found on our website. To start, Richard will comment on the current economic environment and our operating priorities for 2008. I will then take you through our financial results, discuss the current booking environment, and provide you with our 2008 forward guidance. Adam and Dan will then follow with more specific comments about their brands. Richard?
Richard D. Fain: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As always, I am pleased to be able to review what’s going on in our business, but it’s especially pleasurable to do so when we have good news. Obviously everyone is focused on the current turmoil in the economy and in the financial markets. And like everyone else, we have a highly imperfect crystal ball. But unlike everyone else, we also have a large percentage of forward bookings which provides us with some additional insight into what’s happening and is likely to happen.  Clearly our results in our forward bookings are much better than one would assume from reading the general economic news. Who would have expected that our fourth quarter yields would have risen over 3%? For that matter, who would have predicted in this economy that our current booking patterns pretend the fourth largest yield increase in as long as we’ve been tracking the statistic?  We’ve always acknowledged that our business is not immune to recession, but we believe that our business – while it’s not recession-proof – is recession-resistant. We feel the effects when the consumers begin to slow their spending, but we have somewhat of a cushion down side relating to that. During turbulent times consumers focus even more on value. They focus on getting more vacation for their money. Even during soft economic cycles people continue to vacation, but they also demand exceptional value.  Cruising continues to be the best value in the vacation industry and the fixed price nature of the purchase becomes even more appealing during tough times like these. As a result, we have never seen the type of correlation in our revenues in the economic cycles that many people assume would be determinative.  Furthermore, we have another factor that we think helps us. In addition to being an exceptional value as an industry, the quality of our brands serves us remarkably well during difficult times. Our market position in each of the markets we serve is terrific and we aim to continue to develop this competitive advantage. I think this helps explain why our order book is so solid and that our early indications and waive period have been more positive than many would have speculated. At the same time we need to emphasize that our visibility in the booking trends is inherently greater in the short term than in the longer term. Therefore, a continued bad economy is likely to cause greater deviations in the second half of this year than the first. I’d also like to take a moment to address our shareholder returns and our strategies for improving those results. In 2007 we faced a difficult economic environment and daunting oil prices. I’m proud of our team’s ability to deliver solid results despite these pressures and we are determined to deliver stronger returns to our shareholders while continuing to make the strategic investments necessary to protect our future.  Unfortunately, the high cost of fuel appears likely to remain a permanent part of the landscape in the foreseeable future and we simply must accommodate. Improving our returns requires continuing improvement in revenue performance and better control of both operating and capital expenditures.  I’m convinced that we have the best brands in the market today. Our product delivery, our sales and marketing efforts, and our revenue management capabilities have provided us with terrific momentum. Frankly, we’re still too good of a value to our guests. I believe we will continue to drive higher yields with our existing products and we foresee wonderful performance from our Solstice Class and Genesis Class vessels. In 2007 we did make good progress improving our cost management and instilling a mindset that our management team, improving shareholder value. During the last year we’ve had to make many difficult decisions as we carefully balanced the need to invest in our future with vigorous cost controls. Our team has delivered and I was very proud of the way they responded as we developed the 2008 plan.  I would now like to turn the call back over to Brian to take you through the financials. Brian?
Brian J. Rice: Thank you, Richard. As we discussed in our press release and you will see on the second slide, revenues for the fourth quarter of 2007 increased to $1.5 billion from $1.2 billion in 2006. Net income for the quarter increased to $70.8 million or $0.33 per share compared to our previous guidance of $0.32 to $0.37 per share. For the fourth quarter of 2006 we reported net income of $46.6 million or $0.22 per share. Our earnings per share were within our guidance range. Unfortunately, a 19% increase in fuel prices offset the benefits we saw from the strong closing demand.  Now I would like to go to the comparable results, excluding Pullmantur. We had another good solid quarter despite the mounting uncertainty with broader economy our close-in business remained remarkably strong and yields came in much better than anticipated. Our costs were higher due to rising fuel prices and higher than forecasted load factors. On page three you can see that our guidance on a comparable basis was for yields to increase in a range of around 2% and we actually generated an increase of 3.2%. As was the case in the third quarter, we had the highest yields in our company’s history for the quarter.  Our load factors were one percentage point higher than our expectation, although slightly below last year due to deployment shifts.  Our pricing leverage was particularly strong with close-in bookings. If you will turn to slide four you will see our year-over-year change in pricing for bookings made within 90 days of sailing for each month of 2007. There has been a healthy trend of improvement throughout the year and I think this is a terrific example of the resilience we have seen with our brands despite pressures on overall consumer spending. Now going back to slide three you will see our costs were higher than guidance. Net cruise costs for APCD on a comparable basis were up 5.9% and, excluding fuel, net cruise costs were up 3.4%; somewhat higher than our guidance of an increase around 2%. This was driven predominantly by higher running costs related to higher occupancy levels and some additional investments in our international infrastructure.  Now let’s move on to Pullmantur and the combined group. For the whole company net yields increased 11% and net cruise costs increased 13.4%. Excluding fuel, net cruise costs increased 12.4%.  Pullmantur’s business did very well in the quarter, which due to the two month lag in reporting was comprised of August, September and October. Yield performance for Pullmantur was very strong and, similar to our other brands, exceeded our expectations. As was the case on a comparable basis, costs were somewhat higher than our forecast mainly due to fuel, but overall the brand performed quite well and consistent with our expectations. Our fuel costs for the whole company on a per-APCD basis increased 19.2% versus the same time last year and also came in 18.5% higher than the cost included in our guidance. Our fuel costs were $20.80 per APCD in the fourth quarter of 2006. This quarter higher average fuel prices added $7.65 per APCD. We were able to offset a portion of this increase through consumption efficiencies in hedging which saved us $3.71 per APCD. Moving on to our guidance through 2008. On slide five you will see our guidance for the first quarter and full year. Our current forecast is for earnings per share to be in the range of $0.30 to $0.35, which compares favourably to the $0.04 we reported for last year’s first quarter. For the quarter we will have an increase in capacity of 8.8% and we expect yields to be up around 7%. Based on the current at-the-pump price for fuel, net cruise costs are expected to be up around 1% and, excluding fuel, net cruise costs should be down between 1% and 2%. Our guidance for the full year includes the capacity increase of 5.1% and yields to be up around 4% compared to 2007. Based on current fuel prices we expect net cruise costs to be up around 2%.  If fuel prices remain at current levels our fuel costs for the first quarter would be approximately $145 million or $492 per metric tonne and would be approximately $595 million or $484 per metric tonne for the full year. This takes into account that as of today we are 52% hedged for the first quarter and 45% hedged for the full year. In terms of sensitivity, a 10% change in our fuel price either way equates to a $8 million impact to the first quarter and a $35 million impact to the year. Our fuel swats (sic) are currently benefiting 2008 by about $54 million. While we are not going to focus on 2009 yet, I think it is important to note that, largely due to our energy savings initiatives, at today’s fuel prices our fuel costs for APCD in 2009 would actually be less than 2008. Going back to our guidance for 2008, for the full year we expect net cruise costs excluding fuel to be up between 1% and 2% and our earnings per share are estimated to between $3.20 and $3.40.  As Richard discussed, our team is very focused on cost management, although we will continue to make the necessary strategic investments to protect our future. Our cost guidance builds on our 2007 results where we saw a net cruise cost, with and without fuel, grow less than 1% on a comparable basis.  If you are modelling our guidance I want to point out that you will need to take adjustments in other income and interest income into account. For both the quarter and full year we expect lower interest income than last year. This results from the repayment of a loan we received associated with our joint venture with First Choice, lower interest rates, and our management of lower cash balances. We have also assumed foreign exchange rates remain at today’s levels. We do not receive some of the benefits we had in 2007. The net effect of these two items is in the range of $25 million. Now I would like to provide with some insights about our current demand patterns and the state of our order book. On our last call we showed you that both load factors and pricing were up for the first and second quarters. On slide six we have graphed where we stand today versus the time of our last call. As you would expect, since we generally sail at or near full capacity, any variance with booked load factors, whether positive or negative, tends to contract as we move closer to sail date.  On the top of the slide you will see that in the first quarter we had a very strong load factors three months ago and this provided us with very good pricing leverage for our remaining inventory. As a result, on the right hand side you will our position in the first quarter has continued to improve and is driving our guidance for yield improvement of around 7%.  On the bottom of the slide is the same information for the second quarter. The story is directionally the same, although comparable to the last year, the second quarter are tougher and the variances are not as large. Nonetheless, we continue to see better pricing than at the same time last year and all signs point to yield improvement for the second quarter. In second half of the year our order book looks strong with load factors not much different than at the same time last year and pricing up very nicely. We continue to receive good volumes and healthy rates for the second half of the year and we believe we are seeing a slight shortening of the booking window. We have benefited from this pattern with the strength of close-in demand and will continue to monitor and analyze booking trends closely for any need to adjust our revenue management approach. Said another way, I mentioned earlier that in the first quarter we had benefited from pricing leverage by virtue of having less inventory to sell. The second half, even though we have good load factors, you could say we have load factor leverage with the strong pricing we have on the books.  At this point we are comfortable forecasting yield improvement in all four quarters and, as I mentioned previously, our guidance is for yield improvement of about 4% for the year. Bottom line, as Richard mentioned, we are not immune to the pressures on consumer spending, but our business remains solid and all indications point to another year of record yields. On slide seven you can see our projected capex based on existing ship orders for ’08, ’09, 2010 and 2011 as estimated to be $1.9 billion, $2 billion, $2.2 billion, and $1 billion respectively. On slide eight you will see our projected capacity increases for the same four years are estimated to be 5.1%, 9.3%, 11.4% and 6.4% respectively. Lastly, our liquidity at December 31st was $1.4 billion comprised of $200 million in cash and equivalents and $1.2 billion available on our revolver. Now I would like to turn the call over to Adam to talk about the Royal Caribbean International brand. 
Adam M. Goldstein: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with the fourth quarter results, particularly the close-in booking strengths that Royal Caribbean International experienced throughout the fourth quarter, as well as the overall positive tone of our current business. As Brian noted, we are only a few weeks into the wave period, so our visibility remains limited to the back half of the year. It’s nevertheless gratifying to note that virtually all of our products in all four quarters of 2008 are in a favourable pricing position on a year-over-year basis. Our mission is to generate the required volume at the prices we are currently commanding. Our third Freedom Class ship, Independence of the Seas, is scheduled for delivery on April 17th. She will operate from South Hampton, UK, for the summer seasons. The reception of the UK market on her scheduled deployment has been terrific and all signs point to a successful first season. The remaining three of our four Radiance Class ships will undergo their diesel engine installations over the next several months. By June all four ships will be consuming less fuel and purchasing fuel less expensively than they were prior to the installations. This will be an important milestone in our ongoing efforts to control fuel and other costs. Finally, a quick update on our internationally sourced products. We have enjoyed favourable load factors this winter in Australia, Asia, Brazil, and the Dominican Republic. The three Vision Class ships that are delivering these programs will all enjoy significant year-over-year net ticket revenue increases. We will look to improve on-board revenue and costs as we gain experience with these programs. The international acceptance of our brand and product delivery bode well for the future of Royal Caribbean International. Dan?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Thank you, Adam, and good morning, everyone. As you have heard from Brian and now Adam, we are pleased with Celebrity’s fourth quarter results, as well as with our results for all of 2007. The momentum we have going into the new year has been corroborated in a couple of very recent and very interesting travel agent surveys.  I sit as a chair of the marketing committee for CLIO, which is the Cruise Line Industry Association, and reported the survey results at the annual press conference in New York two weeks ago. Over 500 travel agents participated in that survey, which was conducted at the beginning of January of this year. Among many questions they were asked for their outlook for 2008. Ninety percent predicted 2008 would be as good or better than 2007. In a press release dated January 18th Cruise Holidays, which is the oldest and largest cruise specialty retailer in North America, conducted a travel trend survey amongst their agents and found that 87% of the agents are optimistic about 2008. The positive results we are seeing are being reinforced by the distribution system. Two-thousand-seven was a good year for the Celebrity brand and 2008 is shaping up to be even stronger. We will have a full year of our new Azamara brand, which is starting to gain real attraction on the market. We are pleased with our position in the deluxe market and that Azamara is helping our overall financial performance. We’ve been previewing our newest ship, Celebrity Solstice, which launches in the fourth quarter to rave reviews. The response from the distribution systems and the consumer is very positive. Solstice, like Azamara, will advance the overall financial performance of the brand.  As Richard, Brian, and Adam have mentioned, we remain focused on our cost efforts. We also complete our diesel installations, which allow us to burn less fuel and purchase at lower costs. We begin, although for a relatively short time in 2008, to enjoy the economies of scale that Celebrity Solstice will bring. In 2009 we will have the full benefit of Celebrity Solstice and half the year of Celebrity Equinox. Brian?
Brian J. Rice: Thanks, Dan. Celeste, we’d now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We’ll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Michael Savner with Banc of America Securities.
Michael Savner – Banc of America Securities: Good morning. Two quick questions if I could. First, could you comment a little bit, Brian, on on-board spending trends? Obviously yesterday Carnival made a little bit of news by mentioning the on-board spending among the higher-end brands seemed to be slowing a little bit. Can you comment at all if you’re seeing a similar type trend and if the answer is no can you maybe lead us down the road to kind of figure out what the leading indicators would be that if you start to see a little bit of slowdown in the consumer where would you likely see that first? Is it on-board spending, is it bookings on some of your shorter itineraries?
Adam M. Goldstein: Hi, Michael. It’s Adam. I’ll take that question. Our on-board revenue expectations are covered in the guidance that we’ve just given you. In the fourth quarter our on-board revenue performance was slightly higher than what we had expected. There are too few data points in 2008 really to see any changes in that trend.  I think to your second question we would naturally see things more in the ticket revenue because we’re looking forward, whereas on the on-board revenue we can only really relate to sailings that have already occurred. So I would take more our guidance with respect to ticket revenue is more indicative of what’s out there in the future.
Michael Savner – Banc of America Securities: Terrific. Thanks. And then a second question, I think this one is for Brian. We noticed on your balance sheet a pretty big surge in pre-paid expenses sequentially year over year, I even think on a historical basis. Can you just give us some clarity of what’s included there and why that’s changed?
Brian J. Rice: Sure, Michael. Most of that is related to derivative positions that we have. The way we have to account for that is it’s an increase of both the asset and the liability. Both our fuel derivatives and our FX on our new ships we’ve had some pretty good performance on. That’s the primary driver that you’ll see on the balance sheet.
Michael Savner – Banc of America Securities: Terrific. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder with Wachovia.
Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets: Thank you. Yes, just a couple of questions. Continuing the first on the on-board. You over the last year or two have started taking advance bookings for things like shore excursions and other events. Anything, Adam or Dan or Brian, that you can derive from that maybe as far as forward booking on on-board indications?  And then secondly, could you, Brian, maybe detail what the 4X benefit was overall in the fourth quarter and ’07?
Adam M. Goldstein: Tim, this is Adam. On your first question, although shore excursions are an important ship-board revenue stream it’s not important enough to be a bell weather for what’s going to happen overall with ship-board revenue? It is our intention over time to add the opportunity to book more of the on-board revenue stream products and services, but we’re not there yet. So I don’t think you can glean much from what’s happening with shore ex alone. 
Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay.
Brian J. Rice: Tim, on the FX, we really haven’t broken out the quantification benefits of that. I can comment that unlike our primary competitor where they have brands and really focus on specific markets, FX is really part of the equation as we’re making our revenue management decisions and where we want to source business from. So as a consequence it’s not as easy for us other than for the Pullmantur brand, if you will, to really do a comparison year over year on the FX changes.  But I think – Greg’s nodding at me – if you want to follow up with him after the call he might be able to take you through.
Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. And then lastly, could you expand a little bit Brian? You’d mentioned in the fourth quarter there was some slow investments that were made by the company in certain items. 
Brian J. Rice: I think most of that is just shoring up some of our systems with Pullmantur on Royal Caribbean brand made entry into Asia and setting up offices there. It’s nothing too large and it’s pretty much part of our plan, but I’d say it’s been attributed to timing differences when the expenditures actually hit.
Tim Conder – Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley – UBS: Thanks. A couple quick questions. One is just getting back to the on-board revenues for a moment. I notice that Q4 was slightly higher than you expected. Can you comment on any change specifically in the month of December versus earlier in the quarter and any difference in December on certain brands versus others?
Brian J. Rice: We are commenting on on-board on a macro basis as we usually do and we didn’t see anything particular in any one of the three months of the fourth quarter that were notably different from the other. So on an overall basis Q4 came in slightly stronger than expectations.  The other thing I’ll add to that, and I don’t think this is a surprise to you, is that in general the strength that we’ve seen has been more clear on the net ticket revenue side than on the net ship-board revenue side in the recent quarters. Also, because they’re comparable to last year and that ticket revenue for these quarters are easier.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay. Great. And then in terms of expenses in ’08, the guidances that ex fuel, they’ll be up 1% to 2%. Can you talk about what are the drivers of that, obviously outside of fuel, what are the drivers of your expenses in ’08?
Brian J. Rice: Robin, it’s Brian. I think one of the things that I really didn’t get into that I think is important to mention because there has been such a focus on our cost management which really stimulated last, first quarter we saw a little bit of softness on the demand side and it’s really stuck with our management team. Particularly in North America, we’re seeing a tremendous amount of leverage as our brands have really gained traction as we’re adding capacity. While we don’t want to break out what we call the comparable in ’07, I will tell you that we’re looking at billing flat expenses on our North American brands in ’08.  A lot of the investments that we’re putting in for next year and just driving inflation is some start up initiatives and having some new markets and marketing associated with that and creating the infrastructure. Obviously we’re not immune to some of the inflationary pressures that are out there. We talked about fuel and the impact that fuel has on this, but that somewhat drives throughout the whole P&L that have surcharges that are being passed on on freight. Comes in with our crew acquisition and movement. So obviously we’re feeling a lot of those pressures, but our management team has really been focused on it and trying to find offsets to the pressures that are mounting.
Robin Farley – UBS: Thanks. And then a last question real quick is, Pullmantur has been reported on a three-month lag. Now that it’s been a year since the acquisition will that lag stop with that line up of your reporting quarters?
Brian J. Rice: Robin, we’ve said all along that our first priority was to get Pullmantur on consistent systems with Royal Caribbean and I can tell you that within the last month our IT team has done a great job and worked really hard to get our reservation system on a common platform for cruises and we are in the process of switching Pullmantur over to our accounting system. We want to ensure that all of those transitions occur smoothly. We haven’t pegged a date when we’re due to catch up, but we’ll certainly make sure that everybody’s aware of that. I can tell you that the net effect of that catch up will be an entry into other income and expense. It’s not going to be where we’re going to have to affect the entire P&L.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hakan Ipecki with Merrill Lynch.
Hakan Ipecki – Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Two questions. The first one is, most of the impacts of the fuel supplements on your yield guidance and what sort of assumptions do you have with respect to Steptons (sic)?
Brian J. Rice: We’re not breaking it out. I can tell you we’re in the process internally within our revenue management team really trying to understand that from the consumer standpoint we believe that the solution largely is a price increase. We have talked about the fact that we have a very solid order book with very healthy per diems on there. Obviously the fuel supplement is included in that. I think it’s fair to say that we are getting a portion of that. It’s helping us offset our fuel costs, but obviously there is an elasticity effect. It’s not an exact science to be able to attend (sic) what is happening.
Hakan Ipecki – Merrill Lynch: I see. So is it fair to say you’re assuming 100% acceptance at this point, but if anything happens on pricing that will move it either up or down?
Brian J. Rice: I think it’s fair to assume that what we do is we have very sophisticated analysis that we’re looking at this on a by-itinerary basis. Some areas we’re seeing more acceptance of it than others, but what we’re looking at is what we have on the books and what we’re forecasting based on current booking trends is our ability to sell our future inventory at. That’s how we come up with our yield guidance. It’s not that specifically broken out (inaudible) ticket price.
Hakan Ipecki – Merrill Lynch: Thanks. And the other question is with respect to capacity. I think relative to what you have said in the last call, there’s been a slight drop in the ’08 capacity, I think from 6.4% to 5.1%. What’s driving that? And then can you provide us the quarterly capacity growth for ’08?
Brian J. Rice: I can tell you the major shift in ’08 has been some additional dry dock that we’ll be doing for Pullmantur. You saw the announcement of Sovereign of the Seas going to Pullmantur. That effectively because we’ll be converting the ship board to be more appropriate to the Pullmantur brand. And we had I believe one other specific longer dry dock than we had indicated for Pullmantur. Greg can certainly take you through the details of that. If you wouldn’t mind following up with him. 
Hakan Ipecki – Merrill Lynch: Absolutely. And is it fair to assume that those dry docks will be happening in the latter part of the year given your cost guidance first quarter versus the back half of the year?
Brian J. Rice: I believe there’s a large one in the spring and then the Sovereign would be much later in the year. Again, I think Greg can give you the specific time period.
Hakan Ipecki – Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. Can you just talk about some of the mix changes? More Alaska, more Europe, less Caribbean. I know the itineraries for this year for ’08, does that continue into ’09 generally? But more importantly, are you getting the same pricing pick up in those higher end cruise itineraries. And then the same on the Freedom Class ships where you were getting a very good premium for a while too. Is that still holding up?
Adam M. Goldstein: Hi, Steve. It’s Adam. I mentioned earlier that the Caribbean market has been a strong driver of our current yield performance increases. So it was a strong contributor to the very positive results in the fourth quarter and it is also an important part of the guidance that we’ve given for the first quarter. The share of the Caribbean is going down about five points on a corporate basis from just over 50% to just under 50% of our total mix. And the other ones tend to be going up slightly accordingly. We are expecting positive yield performance for all the major product groups. That includes Europe, whether the 23% capacity increase both for us and, coincidentally, for the industry as well. We still expect, highlighted by the performance of Independence of the Seas, to maintain slightly positive yields there. So there is not a material differentiation in yield performance by region.
Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs: And then the Freedom Class ships still getting that strong pricing premium relative to the rest of the fleet? 
Adam M. Goldstein: Yes. The Freedom Class ships continue to drive premium versus the rest of our fleet. 
Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Simonson with William Blair. 
Robert Simonson – William Blair & Company: Good morning. Greg, do you have the capacity change by quarter yet for ’08?
Greg Johnson: Bob, yes I do and I can give that to you guys after the call.
Robert Simonson – William Blair & Company: Okay. And just a point of elaboration again on that on-board revenues. When you use different methods to incentivize the agents, one of them is to offer perhaps on-board credits. When does that actually show up in the numbers in terms of your guidance? If you’ve given more of them or less of them would that influence how you look at the total yield assumption?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Bob, this is Dan. We do use on-board credits to incent consumers to buy, but that’s factored into our thinking already. So our yield guidance that we’ve given contemplates the fact that that may be one of the pricing levers that we pull.
Robert Simonson – William Blair & Company: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Lehman Brothers.
Felicia Kantor Hendrix – Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning, guys. Question on your fuel. The fuel prices that we track have shown actually a decline in the first quarter. I’m just wondering why you increased the hedges for the remainder of the year and, I don’t know if it’s too early to tell, but you did give us some kind of, you gave us a magnitude of benefits from your surcharges now, but for fuel decreases is there a way that we can kind of anticipate what that might cost you going forward?
Brian J. Rice: Felicia, it’s Brian. I think one of the things, just in terms of our hedging strategy, we try not to adjust our strategy based on what we’re seeing in terms of pricing fluctuations week over week. We’re really not trying to speculate on the price of fuel. Our hedging really is, if you will, an insurance policy that we’re taking out. We want to limit our exposure if fuel prices continue to escalate, but we also want to be able to participate in any savings if fuel prices come down. And we’ve said that we think being hedged 40% to 60% is really the appropriate amount for us on a 12-month go-forward basis. That’s how we’re approaching our hedging strategy. I’m sorry, the second part of your question was?
Felicia Kantor Hendrix – Lehman Brothers: Well, I was just wondering if you could give us some kind of metric whereby we can gauge if fuel prices move against you what that would cost you vis-a-vis the hedges. 
Adam M. Goldstein: Felicia, I think we have given up here the impact of what the 10% change would be.
Felicia Kantor Hendrix – Lehman Brothers: Okay. So that’s with the hedges. Okay.
Adam M. Goldstein: That includes the impact of the hedges. Now, of course, if we, as Brian says, we’re hedging as we go forward. So if some old hedges fall off, but in fact if you follow what we’ve done in the past that statistic has been pretty accurate, pretty useful gauge of what’s actually happening.
Felicia Kantor Hendrix – Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you. And then just housekeeping. There was a $12 million gain in operating income. I was wondering if you could tell us what that was.
Brian J. Rice: Felicia, that was tied mainly to FX gains that we had.
Felicia Kantor Hendrix – Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you. That’s it.
Brian J. Rice: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel Nicolaus.
Steven Wieczynski – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Hey, good morning, guys. Real quick question for Adam. Just real quick, Adam, in terms of once Independence moves over to South Hampton this summer, what kind of demand have you seen so far for that ship? Just because a ship of that size has never really been seen in that region before. 
Adam M. Goldstein: The demand that we’ve seen so far is terrific. As I alluded to earlier, the immediate reception when we announced her intended deployment to the UK market about almost a year ago was very positive and has never abated. So we have built up experience over recent years. First we had Legend of the Seas operating that program for a couple of years. This past year Navigator of the Seas and now Independence, and Independence is performing very well even in relation to the strong performance of Navigator of the Seas this past year.
Steven Wieczynski – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Richard D. Fain: Steve, if I could just add to that because I think it gives me an opportunity to comment in general. People look at the big ships and talk about (inaudible) something emphatically different. In fact, placing Navigator with Independence only added about a 15% capacity. So we’ve really been fairly consistently evolutionary in these types of things. And it’s not as though, as in that case or in other cases, we have these dramatic jumps in ship sizes in most cases. 
Steven Wieczynski – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Barry with Credit Suisse.
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse: Hi. You mentioned the pricing on the books across all four quarters is up year over year. And you said you’re seeing some shrinkage in the book-to-departure window. Could you comment on where you are in terms of booked low factor across each four quarters, whether you’re ahead or behind? Thanks.
Brian J. Rice: Thanks, Scott. What we’ve traditionally done is given an outlook on two, maybe three quarters out. We’re trying, I think, simply because of all the uncertainty in the marketplace to give you a little bit more insight into what’s happening in wave. The graph certainly provides you with, I think, directionally where we are in Q1 and Q2. What we’ve said is the second half of the year, and I would say that we’re not seeing fundamental differences by quarter, that we’re pretty much where we were a year ago for the second half and, yes, pricing is up very nicely in the second half.  I would also point out that although seven are comparable we’re probably seeing load factors, certainly for the last decade, at the higher levels than we’ve seen in the past. I think obviously there’s different products are behaving differently. I’ve seen some analysts commenting where they’ve see some discount in certain markets. I think you’re always going to expect to see that as we’re constantly making trade-offs between rate and volume. But when you aggregate it all up on the volume side we’re basically where we were a year ago and on the rate side we’re (inaudible).
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. And then your forecasts obviously assumes a fairly stable revenue environment. Maybe you could comment on how flexible your non-fixed expense cost structure is and whether you thought about or what you can do to maybe offset a weaker revenue environment if it does manifest itself later this year.
Brian J. Rice: Well, I think two things. When you say we’re forecasting a certain economic environment, we again take what’s on our books and we’re also digesting what is happening in the marketplace on a perpetual basis. We’re trying to do more than just read what happened last week. We’re trying to understand the trends and what that may bode for the future and that’s all integrated in our yield forecast that we provided.  I think the best way to talk about what we can do on the cost side is to point back to last year. In the first quarter of last year we had a yield decline, as I recall, in the range of about 4% and we were able to come in significantly under our cost guidance. We have a management team now that’s very focused on cost –
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse: Yeah, I’m not sure where you’re coming up with under your cost guides. Maybe on a comparable basis, but really, Pullmantur is part of the business now and it looks like, based on what I’m seeing, that your cost guidance has pretty consistently been above, your cost performance has pretty consistently been above your cost guidance historically.
Brian J. Rice: Last first quarter is what I’m referring to when we saw a down turn in the revenue environment, which is when we were really able to mitigate a lot of the cost increases. I think if you go back and look at Q1, that’s when we, Q4 we came in above our guidance, but if you look at the first three quarters of last year –
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse: I assume –
Brian J. Rice: -- our costs were effectively flat –
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse: And I guess, Brian, I assume you’re referring to this comparable basis versus including Pullmantur.
Brian J. Rice: Correct. Correct. Because I don’t have –
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse: Okay. Well, I, you know, Pullmantur is part of the business, right?
Brian J. Rice: Right. But it’s not in the prior year. So I can’t compare Pullmantur because they’re a tour company where you have substantial costs without any APCD (inaudible). So in order to compare ’07 to ’06 you really need to look at it on a comparable basis.
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse: I’m just referring to the guidance that you gave in the first quarter of ’07. You gave net cruise cost guidance of, I believe, 4% to 5%. You came in above that level. And whether it’s due to Pullmantur or whether it’s on a comparable basis, right, Pullmantur was part of the business in the first quarter of ’07.
Brian J. Rice: Correct. You’re correct. Scott, I can tell you that as I recall in the first quarter of last year, and I remember talking about this on the call, we had a difference in the components that we forecasted for Pullmantur between revenue and expenses.
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse: Well, we can take it off line. 
Brian J. Rice: But that’s what was driving that. I can tell you overall we did see an ability to manage our costs, but I do want to caution you we’re not managing our business quarter to quarter. We’re going to do what we need for the long term and make the right investments. But I think there is a degree in which we’ve demonstrated we can offset (inaudible).
Richard D. Fain: Actually, one other thing, Scott. This actually gives me a chance to just comment on surprises we didn’t discuss that and somebody called us last year too. The tour business is obviously a fundamentally different business and in many cases do more tours or less tours have significant increases in both the revenue and the expense lines, which tend to be unpredictable and have relatively modest effect with the bottom line. That is the confusion factor (inaudible) purely at the tour (inaudible) and that’s also going to be (inaudible).
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse: Okay. Fair enough. Understood. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Assia Georgieva (sp) with Infinity Research.
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: Good morning. I wanted to congratulate you on an excellent job in terms of your management and forward guidance. Further to follow up on that Pullmantur question, if you look at the past year you have had the business for some time now. What are some of the problems that you’ve seen above prior expectations and then specifically some items that you can further work on in order to streamline that business and make it as efficient as your North American business?
Richard D. Fain: Thanks, Assia. It’s Richard. I’ll comment. We’ve actually had a very positive experience overall. We see a lot more opportunities in terms of growing the business in markets we haven’t seen before. (inaudible) we’ve already shifted three ships into the Pullmantur brand in Spain (inaudible). We have also started a brand (inaudible) based on (inaudible) model and (inaudible) think that offers some terrific opportunities. We’re seeing some benefits also in Latin America which we think (inaudible), and of course we get the benefit of the strong Euro (inaudible). We have seen more difficulty in terms of (inaudible) platform we need to absorb that kind of (inaudible) in order to utilize the kinds of (inaudible) brand. So administratively that office type (inaudible) are much bigger than we thought they were and it’s taking us longer to turn those around. What we’re seeing them turn around, as Brian mentioned, a big change was started at the beginning of this year. So (inaudible). I think it’s taking us longer to get the back (inaudible) but we also see growth potential and the opportunity to go into new markets as better than expected (inaudible) than I was a year ago when we first (inaudible).
Assia Georgieva – Infinity Research: Okay. Excellent. Thank you so much, Richard.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pat Schaefer (sp) with Chartwells.
Pat Schaefer – Chartwell Capital Investors: Hi, guys. You stated that booking trends have been and continue to be strong and that close-in bookings are also strong. I was hoping you could provide any colour on cancellation trends in the fourth quarter and thus far in January.
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Hey, Pat. It’s Dan. We haven’t seen any change in cancellations. We’ve been really pleased with the bookings. They seem to be actually sticking quite well. If we had had any kind of increased cancellations in the fourth quarter we wouldn’t have been able to produce the kind of results that we did.
Pat Schaefer – Chartwell Capital Investors: And that’s been consistent thus far in January as well?
Daniel J. Hanrahan: Yeah, yeah. We’re very pleased with what we’re seeing.
Pat Schaefer – Chartwell Capital Investors: Okay. That’s it, Dan. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rahad Mital with BlueBay Asset Management.
Rahad Mital – BlueBay Asset Management: Hi. Just two questions really. First, if you’ve seen any trends in the geographical breakup of your sales origination, either in terms of where you get more value. And secondly, on the fuel prices maybe you could give us an indication of the levels at which you’ve had it relative to attached levels last year, if that makes sense.
Adam M. Goldstein: Hi, this is Adam. On a macro basis your question on geographical sourcing, the story of our company over these years is clearly a shift in the direction of sourcing more from international markets. In fact, if you look at 2005 to 2008 in that period as a corporation we will have gone from sourcing under 15% from outside North America to sourcing over 25% from outside North America. So that’s the macro level. We don’t see anything on a micro level in terms of what’s happening in the wave that I would say is worth commenting on. 
Rahad Mital – BlueBay Asset Management: So the US, for instance, isn’t any weaker than you would have expected it to be?
Adam M. Goldstein: No. And our guidance I would say reflects that.
Rahad Mital – BlueBay Asset Management: Right.
Brian J. Rice: As it relates to the fuel, we don’t break out the various contracts or even the average contract that we’ve hedged at for this year or last year, but I think we’ve given you enough in terms of where we are in terms of our hedge position and what our price of fuel would be going forward, so you can probably work with that and get reasonably close in terms of the type of hedging that we’ve been able to give.
Rahad Mital – BlueBay Asset Management: All right. Thank you.
Brian J. Rice: Celeste, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from the line of Henrik Schultz with Kaupthing.
Henrik Schultz – Kaupthing: Yes. Good morning to you. Just a couple clarifying questions related to the surcharge. Firstly, could you comment a little bit about the timing of the implementation, not in terms of whether it’s going to be implemented by the 1st of February, but whether it’s going to be recognized in terms of revenue?  And also, the net effect of the travel agent compensation. Whether, for example, the compensation will be paid anyway. Some details on that, please.
Brian J. Rice: Okay. As it relates to the fuel supplement you’re correct. The first sailing that it impacts is February 1st. The revenue will be recognized as with our ticket revenue in the month that it’s actually earned. So when the ship sales we’ll recognize that.  In terms of travel agent compensation we did announce that when we implemented fuel surcharge for any retroactive bookings that the fuel surcharge would apply to, we would be paying, I believe it was a $12 per booking administrative fee to the travel agency who had to go out and collect that on our behalf. But there’s similar taxes and fees that we collect. There’s not a variable compensation component (inaudible) fuel supplement.
Henrik Schultz – Kaupthing: But this compensation would be payable regardless of whether the fuel supplement actually sticks, I take it. 
Brian J. Rice: We’ve agreed to pay a $12 per booking for the agents that actually collect the $12 for us.
Henrik Schultz – Kaupthing: Okay. Lastly then, could you add some details about your plan for the two-week (inaudible) going forward in terms of additional bookings from that market and also marketing expense, marketing support plans, please?
Richard D. Fain: You’re talking about the recently announced joint venture?
Henrik Schultz – Kaupthing: Yes.
Richard D. Fain: (inaudible). It’s early days and we still have to get the (inaudible) and so I think (inaudible) that process (inaudible) joint ventures (inaudible) have the joint venture speak on its own. But it’s too early for us to comment while we’re still finalizing (inaudible).
Henrik Schultz – Kaupthing: Thank you very much.
Brian J. Rice: Thank you all for joining us today. If you have any further questions or any follow ups or need some additional details Greg will be available throughout the day. And we certainly wish everybody a wonderful day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian Rice - CFO Richard Fain - Chairman and CEO Adam Goldstein - President, RoyalCaribbean International Dan Hanrahan - President,Celebrity Cruises Greg Johnson - Associate VP ofInvestor Relations
Analysts: Michael Savner - Banc of AmericaSecurities. Robin Farley - UBS Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch Aja Jordiava - Infinity Research Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Bob Simonson - William Blair Tim Conder - Wachovia Dean Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan Michael Savner - Banc of AmericaSecurities Joe Hovorka - Raymond James Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Steve Searl - Conning AssetManagement
Operator: Good morning, my name is Lou Ann,and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like towelcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited Third Quarter EarningsCall. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. (OperatorInstructions). Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Brian Rice. Sir,you may begin your conference.
Brian Rice: Thank you, Lou Ann and goodmorning, everyone. I would like to thank you for joining us this morning forour third quarter earnings call. With me here today are Richard Fain, ourChairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President of RoyalCaribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President of Celebrity Cruises; and GregJohnson, our Associate Vice President of Investor Relations. We have posted slides on ourinvestor website, www.rclinvestor.com, which we will be using during this calland should help facilitate our discussion. Before we get into our resultsand business overview, I would like to remind you of our forward-lookingstatements, which you will see on the first slide. During this call, we will bemaking comments which are forward-looking statements that are subject to changebased on the items listed on our website and disclosures in our SEC filings.Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures, which arenon-GAAP defined by Regulation G and a reconciliation of these items can befound on our website. To start, I would like to takeyou through some of the details of our financial results, discuss the currentbooking environment and provide you with our most recent forward guidance. Adamand Dan will then discuss their brands and Richard will have some commentsbefore we open the call for your questions. As we mentioned in our pressrelease, you will see on the second slide, revenues for the third quarter of2007 increased $2 billion from $1.6 billion in 2006. Net income for the secondquarter increased to $395 million or $1.84 per share compared to our previousguidance of $1.75 to $1.80 per share. For the third quarter of 2006, wereported net income of $345.4 million or $1.63 per share. Now I would like to go throughthe comparable results that is, excluding Pullmantur. I will review both therevenue and cost sides of the business for Royal Caribbean International, CelebrityCruises and Azamara Cruises, then talk about Pullmantur and the combined groupafterwards. We had a good quarter with yieldscoming in much better than anticipated. Net cruise costs coming in essentiallyflat compared to the same time last year and net cruise costs excluding fuelincreasing 1%. On page three, you can see thatour guidance on a comparable basis was for yields to be around flat, and wegenerated an increase of 1.6%. For the quarter, we achieved the highest revenueyields in our history and we saw broad based improvement across the board inboth ticket and on-board spending. Our close-in business booked atsignificantly better rates than we have experienced last year, and muchstronger than we had anticipated. You may remember, during our second quartercall, we shared a slide that illustrated an encouraging trend of improvedpricing for bookings made within 90 days of sale date. This pattern actuallyimproved further in the third quarter and our pricing leverage increased morewith each month during the quarter. Now going back to slide three,you will see our cost performance was fairly consistent with our expectations.Net cruise costs per APCD on a comparable basis were up one-tenth of 1% andexcluding fuel, net cruise costs were up 1%. Fuel costs on an APCD basisdecreased 1.9% versus the same time last year, and also came in at 1.1% lowerthan our guidance. On slide four you will see ourfuel costs were $21.49 per APCD in the third quarter of 2006. This year higheraverage fuel prices added 7.1% or $1.53 per APCD. We were able to more thanoffset this increase through consumption efficiencies, which saved us $1.20 perAPCD and hedging which saved us $0.73 per APCD. As I mentioned previously, ourfuel costs per APCD actually, were 1.9% lower for the quarter than last year. Our marine operations team hastruly done an outstanding job in finding ways to lower our fuel consumption. Onour last two earnings calls, Richard has talked about our cost managementinitiatives and I believe, the last three quarters have demonstrated ourcommitment to controlling cost. On a comparable basis, our netcruise costs per APCD for the first nine months have decreased 1% and excludingbunker, our net cruise costs per APCD are flat. Importantly though, we havebeen able to achieve this without compromising our strategic investments orrisking our product delivery. Now let’s move on to Pullmantur andthe combined group. If you turn back to slide three, you will see our all-innet yields increased 4.1% and net cruise costs increased 6.7%. Excluding fuel,net cruise costs increased 8.6%. Pullmantur's business did very well in thequarter, which due to the two-month lag in reporting was comprised of May, Juneand July. Yield performance for Pullmantur was very strong and similar to ourother brands exceeded our expectations. Costs were somewhat higher thanforecast, but this was largely due to timing differences. Now I would like to move on toour expectations for the balance of the year. On slide five you will see ourguidance for the fourth quarter. Our current forecast is for earnings per shareto be in the range of $0.32 to $0.37, which compares favorably to the $0.22 wereported for last year’s fourth quarter. And, as we’ve stated previously, we doexpect Pullmantur to be accretive in the fourth quarter. Now let me share some of the keymetrics that we are forecasting for the fourth quarter. On a comparable basis,we will have an increase in capacity of 4.7% and we expect yields to be uparound 2%. Based on the current at-the-pump price for fuel, net cruise costsare expected to be up around 2% and excluding fuel, net cruise costs shouldalso be up around 2%. Including Pullmantur, capacitywill be up 13.6% and yields are forecasted to be up around 9%. Based on currentfuel prices, net cruise costs will be up 8% to 9% and excluding fuel net cruisecosts will be up around 10%. If fuel prices for the rest of the quarter remainat current levels, our fuel costs for the quarter would be $137 million or $440per metric ton. This takes into account the fact that we are 42% hedged at thispoint, for the fourth quarter. In terms of sensitivity, a 10%change in our fuel price either way equates to about an $8 million impact tothe quarter. On slide six we have provided our guidance for the full year. On acomparable basis, capacity will be up 4.8% and yields will be about flatcompared to 2006. Based on current fuel prices, weexcept net cruise costs to be about flat and net cruise costs excluding fuel tobe around flat to up 1%. Including Pullmantur, capacity will increase 12.4% andnet yields are expected to be up around 3%. At the current price of fuel, netcruise costs are forecasted to be up 5% to 6%, and net cruise costs excludingfuel should be up 7% to 8%. Our earnings per share are estimated to be between$2.80 and $2.85. This puts us on the higher end of our previous guidancedespite today’s higher fuel prices. Before we talk about advancedbookings, I would like to put the softness, we felt earlier in the year intoperspective. As you can see on slide seven, the yield deterioration that weexperienced in the first quarter, into a much lesser extent in the secondquarter, really was an aberration in what has otherwise been a healthy pricingenvironment for our brands. We believe our product is stilltoo good of a value, and we deserve to be paid more. But we also believeconcerns about overcapacity and fatigue in the Caribbeanhas been overblown, and our advanced bookings provide evidence of our brand stabilityto perform even during questionable economic periods. On slide eight we have providedthe status of our current order book including Pullmantur forthe fourth quarter and the first two quarters of 2008. In all three quarters,both load factors and APDs are running ahead of where they were at the sametime last year. The first quarter, in particular, is shaping up nicely. Admittedly,the first quarter will provide us with our easiest comparables from a revenueperspective, but based on our position today, we are confident the firstquarter yields will meet or exceed the yields we achieved in the first quarterof 2006, that in another way, we are looking for yield improvement in the firstquarter of mid single digits. It is stilltoo early to project the full year of 2008 as our visibility beyond the firstquarter is somewhat limited. But, from what we are seeing, we are optimisticthat we will see positive yield performance for the full year. On slide nine,you can see our projected CapEx for ’07, ’08, ’09, 2010 and 2011 is estimatedto be $1.3 billion, $1.8 billion, $2 billion, $2.2 billion and $1 billionrespectively, which is unchanged from the last quarter. On slide 10, you willsee our projected capacity increases for the same five years are estimated tobe 12.4%, 6.4%, 9.3%, 11.4%, and 6.4% respectively. You will notice our 2008projected capacity increase is lower than we have provided on the last call. Muchof the decrease is driven by changes in Pullmantur’s deployment.
 : Lastly, our liquidity atSeptember 30th was $1.6 billion, comprised of $400 million in cash andequivalents and $1.2 billion available on our revolver. Now, I would like to turn thecall over to Adam to talk about the Royal Caribbean International brand.
 : Lastly, our liquidity atSeptember 30th was $1.6 billion, comprised of $400 million in cash andequivalents and $1.2 billion available on our revolver. Now, I would like to turn thecall over to Adam to talk about the Royal Caribbean International brand.
Adam Goldstein:
 :
 : Meanwhile, Liberty of the Seashas settled in beautifully along side Freedom of the Seas, offering seven nightcruises from Miami. These two ships are preeminent in the industry and aredelivering the highest level of guest satisfaction in the Royal CaribbeanInternational fleet. Our third freedom class ship, Independence of the Seas,is scheduled for delivery in April 2008. We recently announced the Sovereign ofthe Seas will leave the Royal Caribbean International fleet in November 2008and join the Pullmantur fleet. Monarch of the Seas willleave her current itineraries out of Los Angeles and assumes Sovereign’s itineraries outof Port Canaveral one week after Sovereign departs. While Sovereign still has one year of valuable service left in our fleet, giventhat her introduction was to the late 1980’s, what Voyager of the Seas introductionwas to the late 1990’s. We regard this announcement as a milestone in ourevolution as a brand and a prize for our colleagues at Pullmantur. Dan?
Dan Hanrahan: Thank you,Adam and good morning everyone. As you have heard from the rest of the team, weare very pleased with our third quarter results. Celebrity had a solid book ofbusiness in Europe and Alaskagoing into the third quarter and we were very pleased with the quality of theclose-in bookings for both markets. We are equallypleased with where we are booked for the fourth quarter. Brian mentioned we arevery focused on cost containment. I am pleased to report that we have completedthe diesel installation on two ships, Millennium andConstellation, and they are fully commissioned. We are in the process offinishing the installation on Jewel of the Seas and will complete all eight gasturbine ships in the Celebrity Cruises and Royal Caribbean International fleetsby the end of 2008. In both casesthe diesel engines are carrying the full hotel load and are being used tooffset the gas turbine usage for propulsion. These diesel engines are moreenergy efficient, burning less fuel and at today's fuel rates the savings willbe approximately $7 million per ship per year versus what our fuel expenseswould have been if we had not made the change with the diesel. I am alsopleased to report that we have finished the revitalization of the second Azamaraship. We will be hosting travel agents and press on a two-nightfamiliarization cruise on Azamara Quest beginningtonight. She then goes into full revenue service this Wednesday and will bedoing exotic Caribbean cruises through the winter before repositioningto Europe next spring. We remain excited about this newbrand and the potential it has. Finally, we launched a new marketing campaignwith the tag line, Starring You. Although it is early in the campaign, the feedbackfrom the travel trade community has been very positive. Our focus on adifferentiated marketing position for Celebrity is working and we are seeing itin the revenue results. Richard?
Richard Fain: Thank you, Dan. And thanks to allof you for joining us on this call. I have just a few things to say before weopen it up to the questions. And first, I would like to commend the managementteam and in fact, all of our staff for these record financial results. I amvery proud of their achievements both in building a portfolio of industryleading brands and for their commitment to our improving financial performance.Particularly, important aspect of this success is our continuing focus, costmanagement, and efficiencies. Brian mentioned, so did Adam andDan, the progress we have made in fuel consumption, but fuel is by no means theonly area we are focused on. This really is an enterprise-wide effort involvingall of our operating units, both shore side and shipboard. We have made realprogress here and we will continue to push forward on this. Now shifting gears a bit, I wouldlike to address the potential impact of the credit crunch that’s going on inthe country today on our company. And the implications for financing are $7billion new order in this choppy financial environment. Fortunately, as we havedisclosed on previous occasions, all of our ships on order have guaranteedfinancing in place. That’s always been our practice and it gives us the comfortof knowing that we are not dependent on market conditions and that happened tobe in place at the time of delivery. These financings are unsecuredand generally, they are on terms comparable to what we have done historically.So, if the markets are turbulent at the time to delivery, we simply use the financingguarantees. If the markets are more favorable we will look on an opportunisticbasis to see if we can do even better. Now moving on, you know we arevery excited about our new French brand, CDF Croisieresde France. This new venture builds very nicely on our commitment to continuedEuropean expansion. The newly named vessel Bleu de France completely renovatedand customized for the French market will begin sailing next spring. In fact, all aspects of thisbrand will be tailored exclusively for French tastes, cuisine, entertainment,language décor, etc. All will be exclusively French. We anticipate a strongdemand for this product and we have assembled a very talented team that'sleading the effort. Finally, this afternoon, Dan andI will be boarding the Azamara Quest for her first inaugural cruise. Danalready pointed out the new brand is off to a terrific start and adding thiswonderful new ship is an important step forward. With that, we would like to openup the call for your questions. In order to make sure that we get to as manypeople as possible, I'd like to ask you to limit yourself to not more than twoquestions at a time. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Thefirst question comes from Michael Savner with Banc ofAmerica Securities.
Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities: Hi, good morning, thanks. Twoquestions, and first can you give us a little bit of color of what you areseeing in bookings related to the weakening US dollar, both from the perspectiveof how you might be able to be take share from land-based vacations for Americantraveling abroad and conversely, has it helped your ability to draw Europeanshere to the Caribbean? And when I say the improvement, I mean, is it somethingas material or really incidental? And then I've a follow-up? Thanks.
Adam Goldstein: Hi, Michael, this is Adam. Iwould say at this point, we’ve realized the double benefit along the lines thatyour questions suggest. For the American segment, they see the ability to takecruises, particularly in Europe and especially late in this year, as the valuedriven way to continue to satisfy their appetite to experience Europe. And that’s been favorable to the cruise sector ingeneral, I believe. We’ve also seen considerable latebooking strength from the European point of sale, which is of course, an areathat strategically, we’ve raised our investment in a variety of ways lately.And in the current weeks and months, we’ve definitely seen the benefit of whatcruise pricing they may experience it in their currency. But it’s given thatit’s computed over from dollars originally, it’s a very attractive message forthem. So, we’re definitely benefiting both ways.
Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities: Thanks Adam. And then, tofollow-up on your comment, and I know, Brian mentioned it as well, you talkedabout improving trends for close-in pricing actually was getting better notjust year-over-year, but you’re seeing sequential improvement as the quarters,as the months went on in the third quarter? Can you comment a little bit aboutwhat you are seeing even more recently and whether there has been any slowdownin that improvement related to the tick-up in oil or the kind of settling in ofconsumer’s sentiment?
Brian Rice: Michael, it’s Brian. As we’vetalked about, we haven’t really seen too tight of a correlation or consumerdemand, and what’s been happening in the broader markets in terms of fuel orthe sub-prime mortgage. There seems to be very strong resilience right now withour customer segments. Throughout the third quarter, wesaw progressive improvement. In September, the year-over-year pricing to theclose-in bookings were very strong. It's something we’re struggling quitefrankly to find a true pattern to, but it has been very healthy really for the lastfive or six months. 
Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities: Any data on October that you can shareyet?
Brian Rice: It’s a bit early for that rightnow. We have been pleased with our bookings over the last several weeks, but Ithink it’s a little too early to really be able to pronounce what will happen inthe fourth quarter. Fortunately, our pricing structure is very adaptable as wesee changes in demand patterns, and we believe that we are doing a lot to beable to leverage the close-in demand that we’ve seen.
Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities: Fair enough. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your first question comes fromRobin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS: Thanks. Few questions, it looks likeMexico is pretty close toimplementing a head tax, I guess following what Alaska did. Can you talk about that and also,do you see risk of this elsewhere if Mexico does it, will other places [follow]and do it in terms of what percents that you have on that? And then my secondquestion is on fuel consumption, so I'll wait for it there. 
Adam Goldstein: Hi, Robin. This is Adam. On yourquestion about Mexico, first of all, the decision by the Mexicans as to what todo is still hanging in the balance. I believe it’s in between their Chamber ofDeputies and their Senate. So, there still is an effort to minimize, either thepassage of that tax or how much it is or when it applies. That's literallygoing on at the moment. We believe that there is a lot ofsupport for our position in Mexico that this is an industry that has broughtenormous benefits to that country and that the best way to continue to havethose benefits flow to the country is through more cruise costs by more cruiseships bringing more guests to spend more money there, as opposed to raisingrevenue through taxes at any level of government. And that is the message that weare conveying in every which way that we can, not only within Mexico, but around the worldactually. This is a growing industry, and we think this industry can bringenormous benefits to many countries around the world. But it should come in theform of consumer and cruise spending rather than in the form of taxation.
Robin Farley - UBS: Do you expect that it would besigned by the President if it passes?
Adam Goldstein: It’s very hard to tell. We arenot experts in Mexican politics or government. It’s part of a bigger package aswell as being a debate on its own terms and we just have to see what occurs.
Robin Farley - UBS: And then in terms of othercountries?
Adam Goldstein: Well, as I say, the message thatwe’re trying to deliver to many countries around the world is that thisindustry can best benefit their country, if they allow the growth to occur andthe spending to follow as opposed to looking at ships calling on their country,as a taxation revenue raising opportunity.
Robin Farley - UBS: Thanks. And then in terms of fuelconsumption, this is like a bigger difference reduction in consumption per unitsthan what have done in previous years. And I wonder if you could give a littlecolor, is it itinerary changes that have allowed for lower consumptions or Imean, the diesel engines are relatively new, but it seems like it’s got to bemore than just the diesel engines driving the consumption reduction?
Dan Hanrahan: Robin, this is Dan. It’s afunction of a number of different things. We’re seeing very, very positiveconsumption numbers because of the diesel engines. They just burn less, fuel,and in fact, we are doing better with those diesel engines than we’ve thoughtthey were -- than we've thought we would. We’ve also taken steps across theboard with all ships in both fleets to reduce consumption. So, more of our ships have thenew SigmaGlide paint on the bottom. So, that creates more efficiency for fuel.More of our ships have the 3M window veneers on, so that’s helping us withfuel. The hotel group now is very, very focused on fuel and is helping us quitea bit. And we are very, very careful with itineraries. So, I don’t think you can pointto any single thing. It’s really across the board and it’s a real focus acrossthe company. And it’s not just the Marine Department that focuses on it, it's hotelon the ship, and it’s everybody here in Miamiwho wakes up and thinks about fuel in the morning as well.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes fromHakan Ipecki with Merrill Lynch.
Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Going back to thefuel, looking into next year. I mean, where are you expecting to use and kindof looking at some of the items that you’ve spoken in on the mixed shifthedges, what's driving the biggest benefit there?
Brian Rice: Well, next year the biggestbenefit is going to be – again, it's across the board. But the diesel enginesare going to provide a big benefit for us next year because they just burn lessfuel. So, we'll get a bigger benefit. And by the end of next year, we’ll havethe diesel engines installed on all eight. The pleasant surprise we’ve got onthe diesel engines is that when we first put them in, we thought they would runjust the hotel load. But we’ve in fact, we’ve found that at lower speeds, wedon’t even have to turn the gas turbine engines on, and so the diesel enginesare not only running the full hotel load, but they are moving the ship throughthe water, and burning less fuel at the same time. So, there is a real nice benefitto that. And then we continue all the other things that I just mentioned, whenI answered Robin’s question that they just continue to come in to effect. We’vea fuel team that meets weekly, a steering committee team that meets weekly. Andwhen I look at that list, there is dozens and dozens of ideas that remain onthat list that we are still betting and looking to put into service next year. So, there is a lot of good thingsgoing on, and I think what you have seen there is also itineraries. We are justbeing very careful with our deployment as well. So, it’s that whole mixturethat’s driving the force.
Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch: I see. And does that decrease thechance of a fuel surcharge even though oil is around $90 per barrel, does thatchange the way you think about the surcharge or chance of it being implemented.
Richard Fain: I think -- it's Richard speakingand I think we’ve said in the prior calls that is something we tend to look at.But, clearly we've been remarkably successful across the board in keeping thecosts. I think if you actually look in the '08 based on even at today's fuelprice, not only be comparable to '07, but actually will be lower than, '06 andgiven what's happened to fuel costs, that's remarkable. So, yes, clearly thatmaybe makes less likely a fuel surcharge. We keep looking at it and I've tojust say, it's been -- everybody is looking at exactly what is has done, Ithink, it is a thousand things (inaudible).
Hakan Ipecki - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Aja Jordiava] with InfinityResearch.
Aja Jordiava - Infinity Research: Good morning.Congratulations on a great quarter. I had a couple of questions, they relate toyour expansion into European markets. First of all, maybe Brian, you can help mewith this. Can you give us the percentage of revenues in Q3, which were generatedin non-dollar currencies? And my secondquestion is a larger one, I guess. Now that you have successfully addressed theSpanish and French markets on a national basis, do you expect to add maybe onebrand or two brands a year for specific nationalities such as Germany orfurther emphasis on the UK?
Brian Rice: Aja, we don’tbreakout our revenues by quarter geographically or in currency. I can tell youthat about 83% of our revenues this year will be generated out of the NorthAmerican marketplace. I think it’s fair to assume that a much higher proportionof that would occur in the third quarter. But we don’t break out that level ofdetail on a quarterly basis.
Adam Goldstein: And withrespect to your second question, I don’t think, we have a specific planthat it's X number of nationalities, nationalistic products that we would pullout on an annual basis. I think we do this very much on an opportunistic basis.Does a new market offer an opportunity to generate a high return on investedcapital? We look at those as individual decisions and we continue to look atthem opportunistic.
Aja Jordiava - Infinity Research: Would you consider some of thelarger European countries as suitable for further expansion and maybe Germanyan example?
Richard Fain: I think we look at all the places.There are more countries in Europe that havepotential opportunities. It also, it was seen that we have raise into Pacificarena and Asia. So I think there are plenty ofopportunities out there and we just have to keep looking at them and seewhether given what's happening in those markets, they're likely to generate thekinds of returns.
Aja Jordiava - Infinity Research: Okay, great. Thank you, so muchRichard.
Operator: Your next question comes fromSteve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. Could you justgive us a little bit more detail on Pullmantur and how it’s going? You're now afew more months into ownership and whether you feel that the upside might begreater and I guess, I’m very interested in the earlier comments about maybe deadheading a couple of the ships moving things in and out of the market and whetherthat, to enhance revenues or to reduce expenses, I didn’t quite understand themotivation for all of that.
Richard Fain: Steve, yes, I think we’re veryexcited about Pullmantur, and beyond just verbal commentswe’ve made the fact that we’ve taken now one of our very finest ships, theSovereign of the Seas and moving it to Pullmantur. On top of the two ships, it'sprobably the most tangible demonstration that and I think, you will see more ofthose will continue that brand because we are very optimistic about it. I think Brian’scomment on the dead-heading is mainly to really explain some of the changes innumbers. That's something we do with all of our brands, sort of looking at theitineraries, is it for a better return for us to do a repositioning voyage,which maybe gets a lower per diem but gets some revenue to offset the costs oris it better to bite the bullet and have a shorter period, where we get norevenue, but then more quickly get to a higher revenue destination. And frankly,those are sort of marginal type decisions. It’s not fundamental, although, therewere enough of those kinds of things, Pullmantur and elsewhere that theyimpacted sort of the incremental change in the number of APCDs. So, I thinkthe answer to your question, that's not any indication of any change instrategy. We’ve always made those kinds of decisions on an on/off basis. It’sjust that, this particular comparison, it cause some anomalies innumbers.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: And does this mean that thisacquisition is now, do you think, is more accretive than when you started thisprocess a while ago?
Richard Fain:
.:
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from BobSimonson with William Blair.
Bob Simonson - William Blair: Good morning. Looking at thecapacity page 10, I think there is enough time. Might you add another ship forthe out period of 2011? And Richard, do you have in your mind or is that theboard have in their mind, a sustainable growth rate for capacity on a longerterm basis?
Richard Fain:
 i: But in terms of growth, I don’tthink we have said that we think there is a particular figure for any one year.And I don’t think we could say that today. I think, what we do look at is oneof the markets we serve and is there an opportunity to buy in something new,add capacity at a price and on terms that give you a good return. I just find it ironic that herewe are looking at a fleet that’s much larger than anything we had in the past andwe still don’t have enough ships to satisfy all the itineraries that we would liketo serve. And to some extent, that comes back to the earlier question of whatabout other markets out there? There are so many new markets that are openingup that offers opportunity. But the other thing, I wouldcomment on is we are now seeing a lower growth rate than we saw perhaps fiveyears ago and most of us were concentrating on creating a critical mass of scale,but we think, we have that today. So, there isn’t that same pressure in gettingthe higher growth rate that they might have implied here.
Bob Simonson - William Blair: Second question. Brian, do youhave a number that you can share as to what percent of your capacity wassourced from the USin ’06. What it might be this year and what it might be next year?
Brian Rice: I don’t have the numbers right infront of me, Bob. I can tell you 83% is North American this year. We would lookto that number to continue to comedown. Our Europe growth is growing quitenicely and next year with Independence of theSeas debuting at the Southampton and we’ll have the two voyager-class ships in Europe as well. I think you will continue to see growthin Europe and also Latin America. We have somereally exciting new itineraries targeted toward Latin American that will helpthat market grow as well and continue to improve our diversification in sourcing.
Bob Simonson - William Blair: Thank you very much.
Brian Rice: If you want to follow-up withGreg this afternoon, I think we can get the statistics that you are looking for.
Bob Simonson - William Blair: Very good, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from TimConder with Wachovia.
Tim Conder - Wachovia: Thank you. ‘08Brain, where are you percentage hedged for ‘08 at this point, and if you wouldso much as embellish at what levels? And then the second question is given theperformance that you and the industry are seeing here in what’s typically aweaker booking period for the industry on a seasonal basis, is there -- are youslowing down maybe a little bit, maybe trying to take a little bit more pricenow running the risk of selling out too fast, I guess is that the end ofquestion there?
Brian Rice: It’s a greatquestion to have to answer. How things have changed in the last six months. In2008, right now, I think we disclosed this in our press release, we're about38% hedged. I don’t have the average hedge rate in there, although we did say,even though we have seen a real big run up in fuel prices over the last coupleof months. Our fuelsavings initiatives and our hedge position in '08, right now with prices remainthe same we think we could almost mitigate all those price increases that we’veseen thus far. In terms of our pricing strategy it really -- it’s not as macro ananswer as I think you are looking for. We are looking at seasons, we arelooking at products, we are looking at the demand dynamics. When it comes topeak season itineraries and ships that you have a conviction or a star, you areprobably more apt to try to go for the pricing leverage earlier on in the lifecycle. I think, this year has been ayear that both ourselves and our competitors have benefited from a strong orderbook which has given us that pricing leverage close in. But I don’t thinkthat’s always the magical formula. It really - it’s based on the environmentthat we are seeing and the product that we are trying to revenue-manage.
Tim Conder - Wachovia: Okay.
Brian Rice: Though right now, I think thelong and short of it is, we are very happy with where we are. And I think weare making the right pricing decisions to really optimize our performance inthe current environment.
Tim Conder - Wachovia: And along that line since 9/11using that as a reference point, would you say that given what you justdescribed that’s your booking window is maybe at its longest point?
Brian Rice: Overall, I think probably, myspeculation is probably more like ’04. We might have been a little bit morebooked, but we are certainly in a much better fill percentage today for '08 thanwe were for '07. And I think, probably about on par to slightly better than wewere in '06.
Tim Conder - Wachovia: Okay.
Brian Rice: It really - I believe a lot of itis being driven more by us in our itinerary mix and our source markets than itis in any changes that we are seeing in the consumer behavior.
Tim Conder - Wachovia: Okay. So, at this point again, absentwhat you described with some of the maybe more seasonal markets here, you don’tfeel you're quite at that point, where you are really trying to ratchet up priceto maybe slowdown the fill rate?
Brian Rice: In some products we are and insome quarters. If you look at the slide that we -- I think it was page eight,that we showed our current order book. You can see our pricing tends tosomewhat correlate with the order books. So for example, in Q1 right now, wherewe have real nice loads, we are getting higher revenue premiums than would beover say Q2 for example. Where it's still too early we are not going to go out andget real aggressive on price yet until we have seen a real conviction aboutthat demand..
Tim Conder - Wachovia: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes fromDean Gianoukos with J.P. Morgan.
Dean Gianoukos - J.P. Morgan: I’m all set. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-upfrom Michael Savner with Banc of America Securities.
Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities: Hi, thanks for the quickfollow-up. Brian, there has been some talk over the last few months about potentiallyrevisiting the accounting treatment of the useful life for your ships and maybethe accounting treatment today is not properly reflecting the length of theships being in services. And whether you are considering maybe, extending thatuseful life, which would obviously lower the annual amort rate. Is that somethingthat from a business sense, you’re thinking about and is being debated?
Brian Rice: Michael, I think the currentsituation with resales and the value of the ships are, certainly implies thatour accounting treatment of 30 years with a 15% residual value is what I’d callconservative. I think as with any policy of that nature, we would want to getvery comfortable before we would close any changes to our audit committee andto our auditors. But I think it’s an intriguing question given what we haveseen in terms of the resale values in the market that's out there. But we havenothing at this point in time that we’re definitively going to comment on.
Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities: But it’s something that you arestudying?
Brian Rice: We look at - it’s something welook at and we are somewhat intrigued by but we want to have ample time toreally review it. We don’t want to be making quarter-to-quarter accountingchanges. But, if there is something that we believe it’s significant andstrategic and a pattern that it’s very consistent. I think we would want to discussit with our audit committee and our accountants.
Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from JoeHovorka with Raymond James.
Joe Hovorka - Raymond James: Hi, thanks guys. A couple ofthings, one, on your 10-K for ’06 discloses 18%, non-US revenue, so let'sassume that your, ’07 numbers down from ’06 ?
Brian Rice: Actually Joe, you may have betterdata points than I do. I thought we were at about 17%, it could be 18%. Itshould be moving in ’07 slightly more skewed towards the European. We’ve seenmore European growth. And actually, I believe the 18, we are probably closer to19% this year will be my estimate for ’07 and should continue to see thatincrease in ’08.
Joe Hovorka - Raymond James: Okay. And then could you give thequarterly capacity numbers for ’08 and maybe just the costs for these dieselengines and that's it?
Brian Rice: Right. If you could follow-upwith Greg on the quarterly numbers for ’08.
Joe Hovorka - Raymond James: Sure.
Brian Rice: And we haven’t that real specificabout the diesel engines. But we’ve given direction in the $16 to $18 millionrange per ship.
Joe Hovorka - Raymond James: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes fromFelicia Hendrix with Lehman Brothers.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Hi guys. Just a follow-up on fueland in response to another question earlier, you had said that if prices remainthe same you could mitigate out of price increases where you are hedged now,but if we were to assume that the rising fuel environment persists throughoutthe next year. I’m wondering if there is a way of this some kind of parameterthat you could give us as to what the cost would be of increasing your hedges.
Brian Rice: Felicia, we look at the cost ofthe forward curve continuously to try to make the best decisions, but we've hada very consistent pattern, where we like to be hedged between 40% and 60%. Wereally don’t want to be fuel speculators. We are trying to manage that expenseand the bar that we are comfortable with really is being about 50% hedged. Ican tell you that a 10% change in fuel price for '08 given our current positionwould equal about $35 million in terms of sensitivity.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Right. So, you're 38% hedged fornext year. Fuel is going up in and you said you like it to be between 40 and 60that's just where on my question, was coming from?
Brian Rice: Well, we are still 15 months outfrom the year. We tend to be 40% to 60% hedged over to 12 month period.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay.
Brian Rice: And I just like to add becauseyou mentioned our fuel hedging being one of the mitigators or being mitigatorfor '08. A large portion of our fuel savings also are on the efficiencyinitiatives. Dan talked about the diesel engine project; we have much more fuelefficient ships with Independence coming in atfull year of Liberty.Those are all initiatives that are helping our fuel, quite a bit.
Richard Fain: Felicia, if I could just add - ifwe went out to hedge now, we increased it to get to the 40% to 60% becausenumbers that we’ve given are based on today's price. And as you well know, theforward curve is at a premium that would increase our costs. But it would bemuch less than the 10%, which sort of assumes it instantly that price went up10%, as opposed to the curve growing over a year’s time. So, if we were tocertainly going to market and hedge it all, it would increase the fuel costs, abit, but probably not that dramatic.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: And then, let’s just say, we arein this situation, where all of the sudden fuel prices start coming down, howeasy is it to unwind the hedges?
Brian Rice: We certainly could unwind them.But at this point, it’s interesting because I think we’ve had a veryconsistent, predictable and useful hedging strategy. I mean, if we go back toour first quarter call, there were a lot of questions about why we arerehedging. And again, we’re not trying to speculate, we’re trying to manage ourcosts. The forward curves are baking in a lot of the thinking that’s in themarketplace in terms of the cost of the fuel. We don’t protest to know anythingmore than those curves could be, and we’re trying to manage between that 40%and 60% number.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just switchinggears for one moment. I might have missed this, if I did, I apologize. Did yousay, how booked you were for the fourth quarter?
Brian Rice: We didn’t give a specific numberbut, we did say that we are booked further long in the fourth quarter of thisyear than we were for the fourth quarter of last year at significantly higherprices. We have given yield guidance of around 2% on a comparable basis. We areat the end of the October here, we still have inventory available, but we arevery healthy booked at this point in time.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes fromSteve Searl with Conning Asset Management.
Steve Searl - Conning Asset Management: Yes, good morning. You had talkedabout the credit crunch and how you would handle financing issues there. Canyou talk about signs of stress potentially on your customer base if you areseeing anything in your booking patterns or cancellations or just other datayou might look at?
Brain Rice: Actually, we are very pleasedwith the current demand. I think throughout the call we’ve talked about thehealth of our bookings. We haven’t seen any pronounced cancellation, even if wewent back to 9/11, the after shocks of 9/11. We really didn’t see any materialamount of cancellation. What we saw at that point in time was a slowdown in newdemand. But we have seen that ascustomers make a commitment to taking a cruise, they really do stick with theirplans. I think our forward guidance particularly, as you look out in to thefirst quarter and the stabilization and the return of healthy demand in theCaribbean, really is indicative that, at this point in time, our brands seem tobe doing very well in this economy.
Steve Searl - Conning Asset Management: Great. And just in terms ofinfrastructure in the Caribbean, is there any that still need a major repair fromany of the past hurricanes or is it pretty much [bad cushion up]?
Adam Goldstein: Hi, Steve this is Adam. Overall,the Caribbean clearly has been the beneficiaryfrom what so far has been a second relatively quiet season. The big impact ofcourse this year has been on Costa Maya and that port will be out of serviceuntil next fall. And we certainly wish them well with their reconstructionefforts, which seem to have gotten off to a good start. The rest of the Caribbean is fully in gear and we are offering a verypositive experience throughout all the other ports across.
Steve Searl - Conning Asset Management: Thanks.
Greg Johnson: Lou Ann, I think we have time forone more question please.
Operator: Your final question comes fromTim Conder with Wachovia.
Tim Conder - Wachovia: Thank you. Yes, two follow-ups,Brian. Number one, you are alluding to the financing on the ships and that youdo have some flexibility. You’ve got locked into certain financing ability, butif rates would drop, you would be able to go elsewhere. Are you talking aboutimport/export credit financing? And if so, how many of your ships would fallunder that umbrella? And then secondly, along the same line, do you still seeat this point, your debt-to-cap modestly increasing, given the new buildschedule that you have out through ‘011?
Richard Fain: Tim, this is Richard. On thefinancing, the export/import financing used to be a fairly defined term andvery specific. Now different countries have slightly different methodologies.But it’s all financing that was arranged in connection with the ship orders.And so, I guess in that sense, they all have the export/import type structure.But it’s consistent. It’s exactly what we’ve done in the past. Nothing we cando about that. With respect to the secondquestion based on your financings are going today and the financial structureand orders that we have, in fact our debt-to-capital continues to improve andso it is going lower, not higher. Even though, we have this large capitalprogram, the cash flows of the company continue to be so strong that we’re ableto do that and still reduce the debt-to-cap.
Tim Conder - Wachovia: So you’re saying Richard, at thispoint, given the trajectory of business, you are anticipating your debt-to-capby 10 or 11 being lower in absolute terms, as a percent I’m sorry, as it is atthe end of ‘07?
Richard Fain: That’s correct.
Tim Conder - Wachovia: Okay.
Brian Rice: Okay, well. We would like tothank you again for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest inquestions. Greg will be available throughout the day to answer any follow-upquestions you may have. And we wish you all a very good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating intoday's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-26 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Brian Rice - CFO   Adam Goldstein – President   Dan Hanrahan - President, Celebrity Cruises   Richard Fain - Chairman, CEO   Greg Johnson - Associate Vice President of Investor Relations 
Analysts: Robin Farley - UBS   Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs   Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers   Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities   Aja Jordiava - Infinity Research   Scott Barry - Credit Suisse   Hakan Ipekci - Merrill Lynch   David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities   Bob Simonson - William Blair   Tim Conder - AG Edwards   Dominique Mielle - Canyon Capital 
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Brian Rice, Chief Financial Officer. 
Brian Rice : Thank you, Kimberly. Good morning, everyone. I would like to thank you for joining us this morning for our second quarter conference call. With me here today are Richard Fain, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Adam Goldstein, President of Royal Caribbean International; Dan Hanrahan, President of Celebrity Cruises; and Greg Johnson, our Associate Vice President of Investor Relations.  As we did on our last call, we have posted slides on our investor website, www.rclinvestor.com which we will be using during the call and should help facilitate our discussion.  Before we get into our results and the business overview I would like to remind you of our forward-looking statements which you will see is our first slide. During this call we will be making comments which are forward-looking statements and are subject to change based on the items listed on our website and disclosures in our SEC filings. Additionally, we will be discussing certain financial measures which are non-GAAP as defined by Regulation G and a reconciliation of these items can be found on our website.   To start, I would like to take you through some of the details of our financial results, discuss the current booking environment and provide you with our forward guidance. Adam and Dan will then provide insights into what is happening with their brands and then Richard will have some comments before we open the call for your questions.  As we mentioned in our press release and you will see on page 2 of the presentation, revenues for the second quarter of 2007 increased to $1.5 billion from $1.3 billion in 2006. Net income for the second quarter increased to $128.7 million or $0.60 per share compared to our previous guidance of $0.58 to $0.63 per share. For the second quarter of 2006, we reported net income of $122.4 million or $0.57 per share.  As you know, the acquisition of Pullmantur has a significant impact on the timing of our quarterly results. This effect was materially negative in the first two quarters but will be positive in both the third and fourth quarters. While Pullmantur does impact our quarterly performance, I would like to remind you that today it accounts for only about 7% of our capacity, and its annual results do not materially have a material effect on our annual earnings.  For the balance of this year, we will continue to discuss our performance with and without Pullmantur. I would like to start by going through what we call the comparable results; that is, excluding Pullmantur. I will go through the revenue and cost sides of the business for Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises and then talk about Pullmantur in the combined group afterwards.  We had a successful quarter with yields and costs except for fuel coming in better than anticipated. On page 3 you can see our guidance on a comparable basis was for a yield decline of around 1%, and we actually experienced a decline of about 0.2%. This improvement was driven by the strength in our closed end bookings. We were particularly please to do see a bit of a rebound in pricing for closed end demand, something that you may recall hurt us in the first quarter.  On slide 4 we graphed the year-over-year price change for bookings made within 90 days of departure for the first and second quarters. You can see the pricing we built for new business within 90 days of sailing was lower than the same period a year ago for the first four months of the year. In March we started to see a somewhat improving environment and for May and June departures we were able to achieve year-over-year premium s for closed end bookings.  On our first quarter call, we talked about pricing pressures being most prevalent among lower end consumers; namely those consumers that purchase standard state rooms. On slide 5 we have illustrated our year-over-year pricing changes by major category type for each of the last three quarters. Overall you can see higher end consumers, namely those purchases balcony and deluxe state rooms, have performed better for us in all three quarters.  After a rough first quarter, we saw sound pricing improvement in deluxe and balcony categories and signs of stabilizing prices for standard state rooms. In the second quarter, while the entry level consumer did not completely return to 2006 levels, we did see a significant improvement from the types of discounting required to attract this segment in the first quarter. We are seeing patterns similar to this among the various consumer groups with on-board spending as well.  When we talked about the first quarter, we said we did not believe that the weakness we were experiencing was anything structural within our industry. We want to be just as cautious to not declare victory now, but as we monitor our booking trends there are sound signs of stabilization. I will expand a bit more later about what we are seeing with our forward bookings.  Now if you go back to slide 3, you will see our cost performance also was better than we had planned. Net cruise costs per APCD on a comparable basis and excluding fuel decreased 3.2% for the quarter versus previous guidance of a decrease around 1%. Including fuel, net cruise costs decreased 4% better than our previous guidance of a decrease around 3%.  Our fuel costs came in higher than guidance but lower than last year. Fuel costs on an APCD basis decreased 7.8% versus last year. When we gave guidance for the first quarter, our at the pump price was $412 per metric ton. Our actual price came in at $443 per metric ton. This equates to approximately $7 million or $0.03 per share in higher fuel expenses than we had in our second quarter guidance.  The non-fuel cost improvement was driven by efficiencies in general and administrative expenses, savings from inaugural activities, and some timing variances in our marketing spend. As we said on the first quarter call, we are focused on finding efficiencies throughout the organization but do not compromise our strategic initiatives.  Let's move on to Pullmantur in the combined group. The company's all-in net yields increased 0.9% and net cruise costs increased 1.1%. As was the case in the first quarter, Pullmantur's tour division had higher revenues and expenses than forecast. This was driven by a difference in the classification of commissions in the tour division, which had erroneously been forecasted on a net basis and unfortunately causes some noise as we look at the results.  As we had talked about before, Pullmantur is reported on a two-month lag and according, our second quarter includes results from February, March and April for Pullmantur; three of the weaker months in the Spanish market. We were disappointed that the losses for Pullmantur in the quarter were slightly wider than originally expected. Specifically, the tour division had a weaker than forecasted spring season, and in the cruise division we had to cancel one sailing due to a change in timing of the scheduled dry dock.  Now I would like to move onto our expectations for the balance of 2007. On slide 6 you will see our guidance for the third quarter. Our current forecast is for earnings per share to be in the range of $1.75 to $1.80 which compares favorably to the $1.64 we reported for last year's third quarter. Included in this estimate is the impact of the Celebrity Cruises cancellation of two 12-night Mediterranean sailings aboard Celebrity Millennium due to damage to the ship’s propellers. This incident is expected to have a negative impact on third quarter earnings of approximately $0.14 per share. While we do not provide brand-specific financials, we do expect Pullmantur to be accretive in the third quarter.  Now for some of the key metrics. On a comparable basis, we will have an increase in capacity of 4.9%, and we expect yields to be around flat. Based on the current at the pump price for fuel, net cruise costs are expected to be flat to down 1%, and excluding fuel, net cruise costs should be flat to up 1%. Including Pullmantur, capacity will be up 13.2%, and yields are forecasted to be up 2% to 3%. Based on current fuel prices, net cruise costs will be up 5% to 6%, and excluding fuel, net cruise costs will be up around 7%.  Our current at the pump price for fuel is $486 per metric ton, and we are 57% hedged at this point for the third quarter. In terms of sensitivity, a 10% change in our fuel price either way equates to about a $6 million impact to the quarter.  On slide 7 you can see our guidance for the year. Our earnings per share are estimated to be between $2.75 and $2.85. We do expect Pullmantur to be accretive in both the third and fourth quarters but as we had said before, for the year Pullmantur is not very material to our overall financial performance. We are forecasting that on a comparable basis capacity will be up 4.6% and yields will be about flat compared to 2006. Based on current fuel prices, we expect net cruise costs to be flat to down 1% and net cruise costs excluding fuel to be around flat.  Including Pullmantur, capacity will increase 12% and net yields are expected to be up between 2% and 3%. At the current price of fuel, net cruise costs are forecasted to be up around 5%, and net cruise costs excluding fuel should be up around 7%.  As I mentioned previously, our at the pump price for fuel is $486 per metric ton, and for the balance of the year we are 53% hedged. Our fuel price sensitivity for the second half is that a 10% swing in the price of fuel up or down would have about a $12 million impact after taking into account existing hedges.  Now I would like to share some insights into our forward bookings. On slide 8 we have laid out our current load factor and APDs by quarter as compared to the same time last year. This graph represents advanced bookings for Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises, and Azamara cruises. The top portion shows the variance in our load factors for the next three quarters and the bottom illustrates how on our pricing compares.  As you can see, our order book is fairly healthy. Load factors are pretty consistent with last year for the third and fourth quarter and much stronger in the first quarter of 2008. At the same time, pricing for business on the books is above the same time last year for all three quarters.  On our first quarter call, there appeared to be quite a bit of interest in the first quarter of 2008 in how much visibility we actually had that far out. On slide 9 we have graphed our booked load factors for the next three quarters to help you understand our relative position. While we are not disclosing the specific numbers, you should get a sense of the visibility knowing that the third quarter is heavily booked at this point and close to being wrapped up.  For Pullmantur, pricing for the balance of the year is nicely ahead of the same time in 2006. Load factors for the third quarter are consistent with a year ago and in the fourth quarter we have actually tried to hold back a bit as we think we sold out too quickly last year.  Overall, we're feeling slightly better today about the trading environment than we did three months ago. Our revenue guidance for the year remains about the same though, in part because of the impact of the two canceled Celebrity Millennium cruises which were two of the highest-yielding cruises of the year.  On slide 10 you can see our projected CapEx for '07, '08, '09, 2010, and 2011 is estimated to be $1.3 billion, $1.8 billion, $2 billion, $2.2 billion, and $1 billion respectively. The increases from our last call are due to the purchase of the Pacific Star for Pullmantur and the order of Solstice 4 for Celebrity. On slide 11 you will see our projected capacity increases for the same five years are estimated to be 12%, 9.5%, 7.7%, 11.5% and 5.8% respectively.  Lastly, we also revised our revolving credit facility recently, increasing the amount from $1 billion to $1.2 billion, lowering the interest rate, and extending the maturity. As such, our liquidity at June 30th was $1.4 billion, comprised of $200 million in cash and equivalents and $1.2 billion available on the revolver.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Adam to talk about the Royal Caribbean International brand. 
Adam Goldstein:  Thank you, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Royal Caribbean International has now virtually completed our ship deployment for 2008 next year. The trends that have emerged ore the last several years are evident next year as well; 54% of our brand's capacity will be in the Caribbean next year. This is down from 61% in 2007 and 69% in 2005. Conversely, 18% of our capacity will be in Europe next year. This is up from 16% last year and 8% in 2005. An increase this year of our mix from 16% to 18% may not sound that significant. However, our capacity growth in Europe will increase by 22% in absolute terms, and that's after annual increases of 58% in 2007 and 45% in 2006.  New destinations such as Latin America, Asia and Australia will collectively represent 5% of our deployment in 2008, up from 1% in 2007 and zero in 2005. This past weekend we announced that in 2008 smoking will not be permitted in our guest state rooms. The market reaction to this announcement has been favorable. This initiative is in conjunction with our healthy lifestyle program called Vitality that we debuted during the launch of Liberty of the Seas and then subsequently implemented on a fleet wide basis. The Vitality concept is now reflected in product elements such as dining, excursions, spa and fitness and enhances Royal Caribbean International status as a leading contemporary vacation provider.  With regard to business conditions as Brian noted, we are seeing encouraging strength in closed end bookings. This phenomenon applies across our various product regions but is most noticeable in the Caribbean seven-night segment. Europe and Alaska bookings have remained stable and positive throughout recent months. Navigator of the Seas is enjoying a successful season in the UK market and Royal Celebrity 2 continues to enjoy a highly successful season in Alaska. Dan. 
Dan Hanrahan : Thank you, Adam. The second quarter met our expectations as we moved into the heart of the Alaska and European seasons. We are encouraged by the quality of in-season demand we are seeing. Europe in particular has been strong. In season demand has also been good for Alaska but not at the same level as Europe which it usually is; we believe that some of the demand differences are a result of the Alaska head tax although we are waiting until the end of the Alaska season to fully understand and comment on that.  On the last call I mentioned we completed the installation of the first diesel engine on the Millennium. Since that call we have completed the installation of a diesel engine on Constellation now. The Millennium is fully commissioned, and we are excited about the results. Last call we reported the annual savings would be in the range of $4 million to $6 million per year per ship based on the initial results at current spreads between IFO&MGO, it now looks like we will be on the high side of the range.  These savings are driven both by lower fuel price and lower consumption. However, the consumption benefit is significantly better than expected as the diesel engines run more efficiently and burn less fuel. By the end of 2008 we will have completed diesel installations on all eight gas turbine ships on the combined fleets.  I think it is also important that I mention Millennium, the incident was obviously extremely frustrating for us. I am pleased that we fully understand the computer glitch that caused this problem and have taken steps to prevent this type of incident from happening again in the future.  To close, some good news about Azamara. Since the last call we launched our new Azamara brand. The response from the consumer in the trade has been very good. Azamara Journey is now sailing weekly to Bermuda, and we're excited about this new brand and looking forward to launching Azamara Qwest this October.  I would now like to turn it over to Richard. 
Richard Fain :  Thank you, Dan. Thanks to all of you for joining us on this call. Brian and Adam and Dan have already covered a lot of ground, and they have done a great job of fleshing out the story for the quarter. I am really pleased to have such a capable and talented team, and more importantly for this morning, it means that thankfully I don't need to say as much.  We really are pleased that the business environment is stabilized and that the signs of improvement are there as we move further out. We're never happy with the kind of performance we saw in the first quarter, and the forward-looking signs are certainly much more encouraging and much more gratifying.  Generally speaking, I would have to say that it is a testament to the strength and the resilience of our North American brands. Recovery in the Caribbean has been part of the equation as is the success of our continued international expansion. Our European products as Adam talked about, and particularly the European guests we are sourcing for those products are doing extremely well. We will be expanding this model further into Latin America and into Asia. And as I mentioned on our last call, we expect to continue to build aggressively on our non-U.S. sources of business.  At the same time, we continue to be even more cost conscious as an organization. We've been really focusing on efficiencies without sacrificing our strategic initiatives. The team has done a terrific job and I am quite proud of what they already accomplished, and I am eager to see what they can do going forward.  One particular item to note is the efforts on fuel consumption. If you look at our fuel costs estimate, while it is still painful, it is lower than it would have been based on our earlier forecast of consumption and today's fuel price. The reason is simply that we've mitigated the cost increase with our fuel savings program which has proven to be more successful than anticipated, and I would really like to congratulate the team with their efforts on that part.  Moving on to Pullmantur, I think it is fair to say that today we're even more excited about the strategic opportunities than we were when we first bought the company. We have already announced three additions to Pullmantur's fleet, the Zenith from Celebrity, the Empress of the Seas from Royal Caribbean International, and the recent purchase of the Pacific Star. Pullmantur's position in the Spanish market is stronger than ever, and while we’ve had some challenges, especially in the tour operation, Pullmantur continues to strengthen and prosper. That said, overall the company is still a small component of our total portfolio, and it is not yet material to our earnings or earnings per share.  With that we would like open up the call to your questions. In order to make sure that we get to as many people as possible, I'd like to ask you to limit yourselves to two questions at a time. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robin Farley - UBS. 
 Robin Farley - UBS:  Thanks. I wonder if you can give us a little color. Your non-fuel expense, as mentioned, was better than expected. It looks like some of that was due to maybe some SG&A getting pushed into later quarters. Can you give us a sense of how much of that was expense that is not going to show up in later quarters versus what will? 
Brian Rice:  Hi, Robin. Thank you. I think it is a combination, as I tried to allude to my comments, that we do have some savings that we have been able to realize, Dan and Adam particularly in the brands have made a terrific focus in trying to find efficiencies that are not going to compromise us. We've done a real thorough investigation of our forecast and tried to find out where we are adding value and where there are efficiencies that maybe we could being realizing.  We did have some expenses, particularly in the marketing area that will fall off into the third and into the fourth quarter, as well as we've had timing differences. We're not going to give specific numbers, but I think if you look at the guidance that we provided, particularly on a comparable basis, you can start to see the efficiencies that we're dropping to the bottom line. 
 Robin Farley - UBS:  Great. My other question, and when I was dialing I missed the first minute of the call. You may have said this, but can you tell me on your on board revenue increase ex Pullmantur on a comparable basis? Because I guess what we see in the release is driven by Pullmantur there, so just to get a sense of what it was on a comparable basis? 
 Adam Goldstein:  Hi, Robin. It is Adam. On a comparable basis I think Brian did allude to this somewhere along the line. The performance of on-board revenues has been quite consistent actually with the performance of ticket revenue both in the sense of us seeing stronger performance from the guests who are in the upper categories, the deluxe, balconies; and also in the absolute yield number that is we see. 
 Robin Farley - UBS: Can you quantify what the increase was on a comparable basis? 
 Adam Goldstein:  No. We tried to give that indication simply by saying that the on board and the ticket have been quite consistent with each other, and they're essentially what adds up to the overall result. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs. 
 Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: I don't know if you discussed the $6.9 million of other income, what that was. Recently Carnival Management has alluded sort of on and off that they might be willing to slow down their CapEx program as they get further out. When I look at your CapEx program, it is pretty heavy up through 2010. Just give us a sense as to when you slow down the ship building? Even with this environment -- maybe it is stabilizing, but I don't think any of us would characterize it as robust. 
Brian Rice: I will take the first part and then let Richard comment on the CapEx. In term of the other income, we did have the gain on a derivative in the second quarter that was related to one of our new ship build contracts that had fallen out of compliance, and I think we also had some benefits on the tax side as well which were a little better than were in our forecast. That's what I know off the top of my head. You might want to follow up with Greg after the call and he can give you more detail. Richard. 
Richard Fain: On the question of slowing the CapEx, in fact, we are running now at a lower capacity increase year over year than we were over let's say the previous five years; so there already has been some kind of slowdown. Fundamentally, and that is of course as other people have commented on, partially due to the fact that ship prices have gone up and demand isn't as robust today as we would like it.  But even given today's market, we think that the industry continues to be strong and resilient, continues to grow and I think we would expect to see continued modest growth more along the lines of what we've been doing recently. I don't think we would see a dramatic change in our trajectory in terms of growth as long as we're getting the returns that investment. Today we are. 
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers. 
 Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Brian, getting back to a third quarter guidance, we all know that the EPS was factor of the Millennium cancellation is $0.14. Can you just walk us through maybe in the quarter and in the full year the impact was in terms of basis points for the net yield changes? 
Brian Rice: Felicia, the impact of second quarter Millennium on revenue I believe was 70 basis points, and for the full year it was about 30 basis points on the yield change on the corporate level.  I would also mention, since you brought up the third quarter, I do want to reiterate I think as you're looking at the full year guidance on an EPS basis and looking at the third quarter, you can probably do the math and figure out where we're projecting the fourth quarter to be. I think if you look back to last year where we had $0.22 a share profitability, there was a little skepticism about our ability to deliver those types of earnings in the fourth quarter. I think we're looking for a healthier fourth quarter in '07 as well, and I would remind you that this year we'll be experiencing the benefit of Pullmantur in that quarter. 
 Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Which actually is a very good segue into my next question with Pullmantur. I know you're not breaking out separate guidance and you haven’t given guidance for the fourth quarter, but wondering if you can give us an idea given the lag in how you were reporting Pullmantur and also given the seasonality, if we can get some kind of idea what kind of basis point impact Pullmantur would have on the fourth quarter in terms of yield changes? 
Brian Rice:  Well, we have given the yield change with and without Pullmantur which should help you back into it.   I guess the other thing I would comment on is that it has been materially negative to the quarterly earnings in both Q1 and Q2 and will be accretive in 3 and 4 and for the year we've said all-in it is not really material to us. 
 Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: I know that you have been reporting it and giving guidance separate, but given the seasonality, I just would think it would be a little bit difficult to make that assumption on a linear basis. 
Brian Rice:  We're trying to be as transparent as we can and I think the best way to look at it would be with and without Pullmantur yield guidance, we said Pullmantur is about 7% of the capacity, and I think we've given you numbers that is should be able to help you get in the neighborhood of where it would be.  This year we've tried to be very transparent because Pullmantur has created a lot of noise, but it is not our intent on a go-forward basis to continue to break out brand performance when we have apples-to-apples in the future. 
 Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: What are you doing in terms of their land tour business to strengthen that? 
Richard Fain: I think the land tour business has not been a big part of their profitability historically. It never was; and the events of this year that caused us to have some hiccups, I think we would describe more as hiccups than anything else, it wasn't a fundamental change in the business. It was just a series of small one-off items that cumulatively added up to be frustrating. I think overall the business is on the same trajectory it was before, and we're not looking for any dramatic change in the land tour business in either direction. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities. 
 Michael Savner - Banc of America Securities: First question, can you just give us a little bit more granularity about your hedging strategy? Obviously you keep a 50% to 60% hedge on but with this type of volatility you're still getting a lot of movement in your earnings. So is there any thought to changing that strategy, maybe increasing the hedges, and how should we think about what the earnings guidance would look like if you hadn't had those hedges in place? Is it as simple as double the effect because you were 50% hedged?  Second question, completely unrelated is housekeeping, looking at that slide 9 Brian that you talked about, you didn't give us the metrics on the side here. I guess you said intentionally, but you said that the third quarter load factors were basically reflected, completely booked for the third quarter or nearly, so that would be like 90%. So that means into the first quarter 50%? I want to make sure I am thinking about it right, I know you didn't want to get into specifics, but I want to make sure I am reading that correctly. 
Brian Rice:  Michael, I will take your last question first before I forget it. In terms of the access, I think I would coach you probably a little bit north of where you are for the third quarter, but directionally I think you're looking at it about right to get a sense of where we are for Q1.  Q3, this is our total load factors, and if you think about the third quarter, we traditionally have exceptionally high load factors, well over 100%. In terms of our hedging strategy, I think we're pretty happy with our hedging strategy for the year right now. I believe our swaps are in the money by about $3 million or $4 million. Our hedging strategy really is about managing risk. We're not speculators. We're not tracking the markets daily trying to understand and be oil speculators.  What we're trying to do is manage a cruise line and the volatility that fuel prices have on our income statement. We are very happy at the 40% to 60% range. We do want to be able to participate if oil prices come down. It is interesting, about three months ago I think there was speculation by a lot of the analysts that prices were coming down and we were getting the question about why were we so much hedged and now I think that oil prices have been coming up the questions are going the other direction.  I think given the size of our company and the impact that fuel has on us, 40% to 60% seems about the right range for us given the volatility. I don't have the calculations in front of me in terms of what the EPS would have been had we not had the hedging. I think if you can follow up with Greg after the call, he can probably help you understand that. 
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Aja Jordiava - Infinity Research. 
Aja Jordiava - Infinity Research : Good job on the cost side. I have a couple of questions on outlook for Q3. It seems that Alaska made be affected by the head tax, but how do you explain the strength, the more recent strength in the Caribbean? Which obviously seems to be a very recent, new development? 
 Dan Hanrahan:  This is Dan. Let me talk a little about Alaska, and then I will turn it over to Adam to talk about the Caribbean. Alaska has as I alluded to in my comments, we've seen some nice closed end bookings for Alaska, and we've been pleased with the pricing that we've seen. Although overall although it is a fairly solid season from Alaska, it is not as high as we would have liked, and in the European season what we're seeing in-season for demand is actually stronger than what we're seeing in season for demand for Alaska.  We do think there is some impact from the head tax. Obviously we'll wait until the end of the year to understand it and once we get to the end of the year we'll have a better understanding of what impact the head tax is having on Alaska.  I will let Adam comment a little bit about what's going on in the Caribbean. 
 Adam Goldstein:  One of the factors that affects visibility as you get towards the quarter is what's happening in the short cruise markets, and we have seen pretty good late strength in those markets, the Caribbean short cruise markets that have contributed to the current outlook. I noted earlier that in general, the seven-night Caribbean segment has strengthened in recent weeks and months, so the combination of those two being the bulk of Caribbean capacity have given us further encouragement with respect to the near-term quarters. 
Aja Jordiava - Infinity Research :  One general question. Given the Millennium impact on Q3 which I guess is about 70 basis points, what Brian said, does that mean that your guidance today is a little bit higher than it was a May 1st? 
Brian Rice:  I think the impact in Q3 is about 70 basis points on Millennium. When we're giving our guidance, we're saying things like around flat, and I think you need to understand that the level of precision there is not within 20, 30, 40 basis points. There is going to be volatility. I think we are feeling a little bit more encouraged today, particularly given the strength of the closed end demand we saw in May and June. Overall I think it is fair to say we feel as least as good as we did three months ago about the third quarter and perhaps slightly better. 
Richard Fain:  I think I would just add one point. You asked what is it that's different today that's making us feel better? I think the real question is not why is it getting better today, but more of what was the anomaly that was happening earlier in the year? I think what we're seeing today hopefully is more moving back towards a more normal environment as opposed to the hopefully somewhat of an anomaly that we experienced in the first quarter. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Barry - Credit Suisse. 
 Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: You mentioned low ADPs and load factor. Would you be able to make a general comment on booked load factor and ADPs for the full year 2008 versus the same time last year and I have a follow-up. Thanks. 
Brian Rice:  Scott, it is beyond the first quarter there is quite frankly not a tremendous amount of visibility out there, and when we throw Pullmantur into the equation, the vast majority of Pullmantur's inventory isn't even open yet for 2008, given their closed end booking patterns. I think what we are seeing is I think a plat form that should enable us to have a positive yield environment next year. We don't have any specific guidance to provide at this point in time. We're still in the process of really understanding the numbers, trying to understand the visibility that we have and putting together our operating plans. 
 Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Fair enough. The second question, you outlined the $8 billion capital program have you through 2011. Would you be willing to take on more even leverage to make another acquisition? 
Richard Fain:  Scott, I think the answer is under the right circumstances definitely yes. I think we looked at it. We have said in the past consistently that we want to maintain an investment grade. That has been our strategic objective, and partially to do that we have worked on strengthening our balance sheet.  We've also been consistent in saying that we're looking for the best return on investment, and under the right circumstances if we felt that trade off was right, whether that's an acquisition, if that were appropriate or something else, we would certainly consider that very seriously even if it meant higher leverage.  I think it is a question of the risk/reward, but we are I think we've been clear in not saying that we will just not take more than X amount of leverage. We will look to the benefits of the acquisition of the investment, but whatever it is that we're looking at and make a balanced decision. I think we've shown that and continue to look at it that way. 
 Scott Barry - Credit Suisse:  Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Hakan Ipekci of Merrill Lynch. 
 Hakan Ipekci - Merrill Lynch: One is on the full year cost guidance. It seems relative to last May, it went from 5% to approximately 7%. How much it related to the Millennium and is there anything related to the Pullmantur there?  My other question is related to the fuel now that oil has been rising steadily again, what's your view on a surcharge on the ticket prices? Thank you. 
Richard Fain: On the first question about the guidance, yes, it was impacted a bit by Millennium. We disclosed that it was $0.14 a share. I believe about 60% of that impact related to revenue impact and 40% was on the cost side. But there is also a little bit of noise in there as I alluded to when we gave our guidance back in May, we had forecasted the tour division effectively at net, and in our revised guidance we're including the commissions classification in the right way, so that caused a little bit of the distraction. 
Brian Rice:  I am sorry, the second question, could you repeat it? 
 Hakan Ipekci - Merrill Lynch:  Relating to go the fuel and now that oil has risen substantially again or fuel expenses, what's your view on a potential fuel surcharge on the ticket prices passing on the fuel costs to the customers? 
Brian Rice:  It is something we've looked at. There is a little bit of a legal concern before we can pass on a fuel surcharge. As you may recall, years ago we entered into a compliance with the Attorney General's office in terms of passing on anything that is non-governmental taxes, anything that was not paid to a government could not be classified as a taxing fee, and we also view fuel surcharges as something that is more for a shorter term spike in fuel prices. It is something we keep an eye on, but at this time we have no immediate plans to do so. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Leibowitz – Burnham Securities. 
 David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Two unrelated items. First, what are the costs of establishing Azamara all-in? 
 Dan Hanrahan: The cost of establishing Azamara have been very, very small but we're running Azamara with the same sales organization, the same marketing organization, and the same operating teams, so there is virtually no costs there. When we moved Zenith out to Pullmantur, Azamara fit in nicely so there are no costs from the addition of Azamara to the company. 
 David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities:  That includes advertising, et cetera? 
Brian Rice:  We're absorbing that within the marketing budget we have. 
 David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities:  Secondly, Pullmantur-- You've added three vessels, any one of which is greater than the capacity which you yanked out. Should we take this to mean that the Oceanic and at least one of their other vessels are likely to be out of the fleet within 12 to 18 months? 
Richard Fain:  David, I think the best interpretation is demonstrated intention to grow the business. Obviously the long run, one looks to replace older ships as well with younger and more modern ships, but I don't think we would be prepared to put any time limit on any of those because I think the conclusion we're growing the business would be appropriate. 
 David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities: Getting back to Azamara a moment, two vessels no matter how boutiquish they are, does not a fleet make for the most part. What are the realistic expectations to how large a fleet Azamara will in fact contain over the next few years? 
 Dan Hanrahan:  That's an excellent question, David. At this time we're focused entirely on building the brand and getting it off the ground very, very successfully. As you heard Richard say earlier, the price of ships is very high right now, and driven by the euro, it is also driven by the subcontractors, so at this point where there is no immediate plan to add ships to Azamara, but it is something that obviously we'll be evaluating as we go. At this time we don't have any plan to say add ships. Our entire focus is getting this boutique brand, as you describe it correctly, off the ground successfully. 
 David Leibowitz - Burnham Securities:  Just your answer sort of begs a question. Is there any reason why you can't look to Asia to build these vessels given they're much smaller sized than what normally pass for cruise ships today? 
 Dan Hanrahan:  No reason at all that we couldn't look to Asia to build the Azamara brand, actually for capacity for any of our brands. I think it is important to say that if we did look to Asia at this point given the supply and demand situation in the Asian ship yards, it would probably be 2012, 2013 at the earliest before we would see a ship come out of one of those yards. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question is from the line of Bob Simonson - William Blair. 
 Bob Simonson - William Blair: Brian, what's the earnings impact if you can disclose it of hedges in the first half of the year? 
Brian Rice:  Bob, I am not sure I have that number in front of me. If you wouldn't mind giving Greg a call after, I think he can get that for you by the time he gets back to his desk. 
 Bob Simonson - William Blair:  Sure. Richard, it looks like the capacity grows at an 8% to 9% rate over the next four years. If we even went out five where you haven't disclosed it, if it is about 18%, how do you think about growing the Caribbean part of it and whatever that rate is, do you try to match it to what you think the underlying growth and demand is for Caribbean Cruises? 
Richard Fain:  Bob, as you well know, you don't get to ship deliveries in small percentage increments. As you know, the ships are large, and delivery time fits in with the yard schedule more than anything else, and it can make a big difference to any one year's percentage increase if the is ship delivered in the spring time or the fall and that very much depends on the physical plant, and that sort of thing. I was trying to be quite vague because I actually don't know what the numbers would be in any given year, just the general thrust in terms of percentage increases.  In terms of the Caribbean versus other markets, we might well build a ship and use it in the Caribbean to free up another ship for another market. You've seen that, if I just take the example of Royal Caribbean International, you've seen we brought larger ships into the Caribbean market and taken up slightly smaller ones into the European market. More recently, we had one of the ships we announced the Independence which next year will be our largest ship, and it is going into the British market right away.  So I think there is opportunities even if the new ship like Genesis, for example, goes into the Caribbean, there are opportunities to put more ships, other ships into other markets whether that is Europe, Asia or what have you.  We're looking at a more global deployment option, and I think that's the way we will approach any new builds. 
 Bob Simonson - William Blair:  Can I rephrase it and ask you over the next five years how fast do you think Caribbean demand will grow and would you grow as fast or faster than that? In a perfect world? 
Richard Fain:  Well, unfortunately I don't know a perfect world. We don't make predictions for a perfect world because we're not in one. I think one of the things that's nice about the cruise business is we have a demonstrated ability to shift capacity around. I think that's one of the great strengths of this, and it does change over time. Two years ago we were bemoaning that we didn't have more ships in the short Caribbean cruise market. Now the side of the market that's doing better is the longer market and the outside the Caribbean, so I think I would be reluctant to make predictions of three, five years out about a market that moves as quickly as that.  Except to say that we have the advantage, and it is a very powerful advantage of being able to shift this capacity and you've seen the flexibilities of these ships to be able to go to different marketplaces. I think that's one of the pleasant surprises that we've seen over the last three to four years. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Tim Conder - AG Edwards. 
 Tim Conder - AG Edwards: On Pullmantur, Brian, just a clarification. Looks like your costs overall including Pullmantur were up a little bit as well as your overall yield guidance including Pullmantur. The incremental cost for the year, is that solely due to what we saw there as you alluded to the tour hiccup in the second quarter or is there something else in the back half of the year? 
Brian Rice:  Tim, I would say there are three factors. There is the forecasting error we had in the terms of gross up of the commission We had a little bit of the extra costs we had to absorb from Millennium and we also have some of the timing of the marketing spend I alluded to that shifted out of Q2. I think the vast majority of what you're seeing really relates to the forecasting difference. 
 Tim Conder - AG Edwards: Relating to Celebrity, you commented in the past multiple calls that you continued to see a nice trajectory of improvement on yields and everything else and overall performance metrics. And ex the cancellation of the Millennium Cruises here, how is that trending this year? Finally a question for Richard. Relative to Azamara, Richard, if you would consider acquisitions, what would be your leaning? Would you go more upscale to Azamara or down scale to the RCI? 
Richard Fain:  Why don't I answer the second question and Dan will address the first. On the second question, I think we would look at this opportunistically. There are not a lot of acquisition candidates out there -- I should make it clear -- but I think we are diversified, and we have the advantage of that, and we would look at the return that any particular investment would give, whether it was upscale or more mainstream. I think that would be purely an opportunistic question. On Celebrity, I will ask Dan to comment. 
 Dan Hanrahan:  Tim, we continue to head in the right direction both on the revenue side and the cost side. Obviously Millennium was a huge headache for us and very frustrating but notwithstanding Millennium, we were definitely headed in the trajectory that we had set out a couple years ago and are on track to continue to improve. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Dominique Mielle - Canyon Capital. 
 Dominique Mielle - Canyon Capital: We're back to an environment where oil is very high and probably weighs on the consumer's wallet. The housing crisis is in full swing. I am having a difficult time understanding why it is that you're observing a better pricing environment and better booking environment? 
Richard Fain:  Just as an overall question, one of the interesting things about our revenue management system is its decidedly objective. It doesn't have to make conclusions about the impact of housing, fuel, the mortgage foreclosures, doesn't have to make those qualitative judgments. This is what we're seeing: we are getting the bookings. 
 Dominique Mielle - Canyon Capital:  I am not validating that you're seeing that. My question is more for qualitative assessment from you as to what you think is causing this? Do you think you're a leading indicator of consumer weakness and that the consumers adapted to the new cost structure or is there anything else you can think about? 
Richard Fain:  I think we've tried to put our finger on it; I don't know that we have all the answers either. But I do think there were very specific factors that affected us starting at the end of last year. One of the things we've often said about the cruise industry is that it is recession- resistant; not recession proof, nobody is. But we think we are more insulated from that because of the value proposition. Cruising turns out to be a good value. If you buy a cruise, it is in fact cheaper than other vacations that give you equivalent experience and satisfaction. What happens in a recession, or what happens when people are worried about their pocket books, whether it be fuel or housing prices or what have you, is that people tend to be more careful, they tend to do more research. They tend to make stronger comparisons, and the also tend to put a higher premium on vacations with a known fixed cost.  It is all of things, the more people look at their vacation, the better off we look. So I think all of those things come together and help explain why we are recovering as quickly as we are. I think the real issue was why did we feel it maybe earlier than some other segments of the market and I think that, would really tend to focus us as, earlier as being an anomaly, rather than the recovery being the anomaly. 
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. 
Brian Rice: Ladies and gentleman, that will conclude our call for today than. I would like to thank you for joining us. I will remind you that Greg Johnson will be available throughout the day if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you.
