===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's quarterly earnings call. My name is Chris, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you. Welcome to Regions First Quarter Earnings Call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding our results. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer and non-GAAP reconciliations Are available in the investor relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, today's prepared remarks, and Q&A. I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana. And good morning, everyone. Appreciate you joining our call today. Earlier this morning, we reported strong quarterly earnings of $465 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.51 and adjusted earnings of $487 million and adjusted earnings per share of $0.54. We delivered pretax pre-provision income of $745 million, a 21% increase year over year, and we generated a return on tangible common equity of 18%. We are pleased with our performance and believe we are well prepared to face the current market uncertainty. At Regions Financial Corporation, we remain committed to our long-standing strategic priorities of soundness, profitability, and growth. These priorities support our ability to generate consistent, sustainable, long-term performance. They are also the foundation underpinning our decade-long plus journey to transform our bank. Over the last ten plus years, we have strengthened our soundness through enhancements to our interest rate risk, credit risk, and capital and liquidity management frameworks, while fortifying our operational and compliance practices to support growth. We meaningfully improved our profitability through diversifying our revenue streams, focusing on appropriate risk-adjusted returns, and disciplined expense management. And over the last five years, we have generated top quartile organic loan and deposit growth while continuing to make investments in talent, technology, products, and services to further grow our business. These efforts have contributed to significant improvement in our return on tangible common equity. In 2015, our return was in the bottom quartile. In each of the last four years, we delivered the highest return on tangible common equity among our peers. Additionally, we have generated top quartile earnings per share growth over both a five and ten-year period. Our derisking efforts and best-in-class hedging program have contributed to a strong capital position. This is evident in the most recent CCAR stress test results as our projected post-stress capital degradation was well below the peer median, and our pre-tax pre-provision income coverage of projected stress losses was the highest among our peers. We believe our robust capital balances and strong organic capital generation position us well to perform across an array of potential economic conditions. Our enviable footprint provides us with both a low-cost and granular core deposit base as well as favorable growth opportunities from our high-growth priority markets. This benefit, coupled with our proven strategic plan and experienced team with a record of successful execution, leads us to feel good about our positioning for 2025 and beyond. With respect to 2025, our outlook for unemployment has increased, and there is an expectation for a pronounced slowdown in GDP growth. But at present, our base case does not include a recession. Our clients remain optimistic that the economy will improve, and the current conditions have created uncertainty, which has caused many of our clients to delay investments. Importantly, we remain well-positioned to generate consistent results and support our clients regardless of the market backdrop and economic conditions. With that, I'll hand it over to David to provide some highlights regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet. Average loans remain relatively stable quarter over quarter, while ending loans declined 1%. Within the business portfolio, average loans remained stable as customers continue to carry excess liquidity and utilization rates remain below historic levels. Although pipelines and commitments continue to trend higher versus this time last year, it is too early to assess the full impact tariffs will ultimately have on loan demand. However, as John indicated, customers are delaying investment decisions pending further clarity. Average consumer loans decreased approximately 1% in the first quarter as lower seasonal production contributed to declines in home improvement finance and residential mortgage. Given the near-term economic uncertainty, we now expect full-year 2025 average loans to be relatively stable versus 2024. From a deposit standpoint, average deposit balances grew 1% linked quarter, and ending balances increased 3%. The growth is consistent with normal seasonal tax trends and is also reflective of customer preference for liquidity amid the uncertain environment. We have experienced favorable performance in both core and priority markets, with good participation in our money market offers, which boosted interest-bearing deposits. Despite this, we remain at our expected mix in the low thirties as a percent of non-interest-bearing to total deposits and believe this profile will remain relatively stable in the coming quarters. In the second quarter, we expect average deposit balances to be roughly flat, reflecting tax outflows in April offset by existing relationship deepening and new customer acquisition, particularly in our priority markets. Should cautiousness persist among clients, we could experience somewhat higher commercial balances in the near term. But under our current baseline for the full year 2025, we expect average deposits to be stable to modestly higher when compared to 2024. This reflects modest growth in consumer deposits partially offset by some incremental deployment of excess liquidity by corporate clients later in the year. Let's shift to net interest income. Net interest income declined 3% linked quarter but declined less than 1% excluding the impact of nonrecurring items and day count. Excluding these factors, the decline in net interest income is mostly driven by lower loan balances and less origination fee activity as customers wait for more clarity in the operating environment. Additionally, a tight lending spread environment created a modest headwind. The benefits from lower deposit cost and hedging have protected the margin during the falling rate cycle. Our ability to manage funding costs lower while also growing deposit balances in the quarter further highlights the strength of Regions Financial Corporation's deposit advantage. Linked quarter interest-bearing deposit costs fell by 11 basis points, representing a full falling rate interest-bearing deposit beta of 32%. Further, the March exit rate for the quarter shows our ability for ongoing deposit cost reduction from time deposit maturities and repricing, which imply a mid-30% deposit beta. Finally, we took advantage of yield curve and spread dynamics that provided for a less than three-year payback on an additional securities portfolio repositioning. Currently, we have limited remaining repositioning opportunities that meet our interest rate risk and capital management objectives. However, we will continue to evaluate as conditions warrant. After declining in the first quarter, net interest income is expected to grow approximately 3% in the second quarter, as the overhang from day count and other nonrecurring items abate. Additionally, we believe that fixed-rate loan and securities turnover in the prevailing rate environment and improving deposit cost trends will drive net interest income higher over the remainder of the year. Full-year 2025 net interest income is now projected to grow between 1% and 4%, with a reduction in the range driven by the evolving macroeconomic and interest rate environment. While only a small amount of loan growth from here is necessary to support the midpoint of our guidance, the potential for accelerating growth later in the year provides opportunity to achieve the higher end of the range. Now let's take a look at fee revenue performance during the quarter. Adjusted non-interest income remained stable in quarter as growth in most categories, including new records in both treasury and wealth management revenue, was offset by lower capital markets. The decline in capital markets was driven primarily by lower M&A, real estate capital markets, and loan syndication activity. We continue to believe that over time, and in a more favorable environment, our capital markets business can consistently generate quarterly revenue of approximately $100 million, benefiting from investments we have made in capabilities and talent. However, we expect it will continue to run around $80 to $90 million in the near term. Due to heightened uncertainty and market volatility, we currently expect full-year 2025 adjusted non-interest income to grow between 1% and 3% versus 2024. Move on to non-interest expense. Adjusted non-interest expense increased approximately 1% compared to the prior quarter, driven primarily by a 1% increase in salaries and benefits, which included one month of merit, as well as the reset of payroll taxes and 401(k) matching. The seasonal increase in salaries and benefits came in lower than originally anticipated, attributable to lower headcount and incentive-based compensation. The company's planned investments in talent, primarily in our priority markets, remain underway. We expect second quarter salaries and benefits expense to be up modestly compared to the first quarter. We have a well-established history of prudently managing expenses across various economic conditions. As our outlook for revenue in 2025 has come down, we now expect full-year 2025 adjusted non-interest expense to also come down to be flat to up approximately 2%. Despite these revisions, we remain committed to generating full-year positive operating leverage in the 50 to 150 basis point range. Regarding asset quality, provision expense was approximately equal to net charge-offs, $124 million. The resulting allowance for credit losses ratio increased two basis points to 1.81% based on conditions at quarter-end. Declines related to specific reserves and portfolio changes were offset by increases associated with economic deterioration and qualitative adjustments reflecting more uncertainty in the economic environment. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans increased three basis points to 52 basis points, driven primarily by previously identified portfolios of interest. Nonperforming loans as a percent of total loans decreased eight basis points to 88 basis points, modestly below our historical range. While business services criticized loans increased by 4%, our through-the-cycle net charge-off expectations are unchanged and remain between 40 and 50 basis points. We continue to expect full-year net charge-offs to be towards the higher end of the range, attributable primarily to loans within our previously identified portfolios of interest. We do expect losses to be elevated in the first half of the year, but importantly, we have reserved for losses associated with these portfolios. Let's turn to capital liquidity. We ended the quarter with an estimated common equity tier one ratio of 10.8% while executing $242 million in share repurchases and paying $226 million in common dividends during the quarter. When adjusted to include AOCI, common equity tier one increased from 8.8% to an estimated 9.1% from the fourth to the first quarter, attributable to strong capital generation and a reduction in long-term interest rates. We continue to execute transactions to better manage this volatility. Towards the end of the first quarter, we transferred an additional $1 billion of available-for-sale securities to held-to-maturity. And in early April, we transferred another $1 billion, increasing our current mix of HTM to total securities to approximately 20%. In the near term, we expect to manage common equity tier one inclusive of AOCI closer to the lower end of our 9.25% to 9.75% operating range. This should provide meaningful capital flexibility to meet proposed and evolving regulatory changes while supporting strategic growth objectives and allowing us to continue to increase the dividend and repurchase shares commensurate with earnings. This covers our prepared remarks. We'll now move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session.
Scott Siefers: You may press star two if you would like to remove your question from the queue. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
John Turner: Morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. Oh, yeah. Let's see. John, I was hoping maybe you could sort of give us your sense for the degree to which things at least your perception regarding the degree to which things will need to settle down before customers are willing to reengage with things like investments or other strategic decisions. And if there's any difference in how you would look at it for, you know, traditional commercial lending versus your capital markets businesses, etcetera.
John Turner: I do not know that I can put a degree of settling down on it, so to speak. But, clearly, the volatility and uncertainty have customers in sort of a wait-and-see mode. I do think as it becomes more clear what the nature of the tariffs will be, what products they will be applied to, what countries, and to what degree the customers can be more certain about the potential impacts. We are also following and talked a lot about this. We are also following the changes in immigration policy and changes in regulation and the impact on businesses. We have had the opportunity over the last six weeks to visit with more than 60% of our corporate banking group customers, non-real estate related, and have a pretty good sense of their frame of mind. I would say customers are still optimistic but very much in wait-and-see mode. It is kind of odd to kind of yes. The second part of that question on capital markets. We had a little bit of activity that picked up when the ten-year came to the lower 4% actually dipped I think we were at 3.88% for a short period of time. You know, those lower rates are really what you need to help drive a little bit more activity in that space.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Okay. Thank you. And then maybe, David, when you think about the lower expense growth rate for the year, can you maybe put a little more context around how much of that is just sort of naturally lower cost due to less revenue-driven activity and versus how much might be, you know, actual cuts or delays to investments, things like that, just trying to get a sense for the balance in there.
David Turner: Yeah. So, you know, we had the seasonal increase. We were able to offset that a bit because of lower headcount. We also had some retirements that happened in the end of the fourth quarter, the very beginning of the first quarter that we benefited from that will be ongoing. That is helping us offset the investment we have already made and will continue to make in terms of the additional hires that we had mentioned for our growth market. So we have a schedule in the back. I think it's on page nineteen in the deck. That shows the investments we want to make in all three of our segments to grow, in particular, in our priority markets. And so our whole point has been we are going to control costs, but we and we need to make investments to grow. We have to find those savings somewhere else. We have been able to do that by controlling headcount in other areas. We have leveraged technology incrementally better, still have a ways to go there. So it is really not holding off on investments. It is finding the cost elsewhere in the business.
Scott Siefers: Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Thank you both very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: Good morning, guys. Morning. To the loan side, I know you bumped your guidance lower, and you just gave a little bit of color just around the, you know, the customers are in kind of a wait-and-see mode. Can you give us a little bit more detail there? What are you seeing in terms of line utilization? You know, was there any pre-tariff drawdown that you saw that could be more of a pull forward? And then separately, are there any areas of growth that you are seeing that could be the main driver of loan growth here amid this uncertainty?
John Turner: Yeah. So, John, we did see during the quarter, I guess, our pipelines are I'll call them a bit mixed. I think the activity in sort of the upgrade in the middle market and smaller corporate customer space is pretty soft. Customers were able to access the secondary market. During the first quarter, we had almost $800 million in paydowns from customers who went to the bond market, raised capital, and reduced their outstandings with the bank. So that sector has been and the opportunity there is fairly soft. Within the middle market customer space and in real estate, we are beginning to see pipelines expanding a bit. And so those customers are more interested in making investments, we think, and that likely will continue. The issue is primarily understanding of what the impact of tariffs will be on the cost of projects and other things, but we will follow that more closely. Line utilization is still flat. We are not seeing any borrowings to facilitate increasing inventories. And in fact, the customers are still carrying a tremendous amount of liquidity on their balance sheets. We have seen a significant growth in what I'll call wholesale deposits, both on balance sheet and off balance sheet. And I think until customers begin using that liquidity, it is not likely we see any real increase in borrowings under wise credit.
John Pancari: Great. Alright. Thanks, John. And then I guess just separately on the capital front. You know, your CET1 is solid at 10.8% and 9.1%, including ASC I. You bought back about $242 million this quarter. Can you just help us think about the pace of buyback as we look out through the rest of the year? Do you think that as growth remains muted that that actually facilitates a higher pace of buybacks? Or could the pressure to growth mean still weaker economic outlook and therefore you could be more cautious in terms of buybacks longer term? So just want to get that how you are thinking about that trade-off.
David Turner: Yeah, John. I think it's along the lines of the first thing you mentioned. You know, we have our capital where we need to be right at it. We said, even after AOCI impact would be at the lower end of our range. We are generating 40 basis points of capital every quarter. You know, we want to continue to pay our dividend even be able to increase that appropriately. And then we really use our capital to support our business, support our customers, and make loans. And if there is not a lot of demand for loans, then the expectation is we use that capital and buy back. And so we leaned into that a little bit. We did $242 million in the quarter, and to the extent we continue to earn what we think we can earn, you should expect us to lean into buybacks until we start to see loan growth. You know, we are confident in the amount of capital that we have to support our business under any economic scenario. So there is no need to be ultra-conservative with regards to that. So I think buybacks would be in order for us.
John Pancari: Great. Alright, David. Thank you for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. Hey. Good morning. I guess maybe David just sticking with the capital. So we did some, I think, bond book restructuring this quarter. Payback 2.7 years. Just give us a sense, is there more juice to go there in terms of restructuring more bonds and, like, how are you thinking about that today versus buybacks?
David Turner: Yeah. So we have mentioned NAV for two quarters that we thought we are kind of hit end of the line in terms of being able to do that. And we really have targeted financial arbitrage, but we have targeted a payback of three years or less. We really did not think we had much left to do going into the quarter. The rate environment changed pretty abruptly for us and gave us an opportunity to do another small fairly small slug of that. And so we are, again, going to reiterate, we think we are kind of at the end of the line. But if the market gives us the opportunity to do that, again, we go through the math of looking at what is better for you to do a securities repositioning, take the loss, or buy your shares back? And that is really the calculus. And if we continue to see opportunities to do repositioning that is better than buyback, we will do so. It is just I think that is going to be a harder calculation to come back. We have a little bit left, but just not much.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Understood. And maybe, John, just back to we saw we have seen a dramatic change in customer sentiment today versus January. As we think about customers that are on pause right now, we are trying to figure out whether the next move is higher or into a recession. How quickly do you think activity could pick up? I mean, what are you hearing from the customers around tariff clarity that they need? You could actually see like, is it realistic that 30, 60, 90 days from now growth could be much better than expected? Or is this going to take a lot longer given what we have been through over the last 30 or 60 days?
John Turner: Well, I think some stability more likely 90 days than 30 is would be important for customers to act. Is it maybe 90 more days than that? So 90 days to six months is probably more likely. But I do think people are looking for a period of some stability and that probably is a minimum of 90 days.
Ebrahim Poonawala: And just following up on that, you have markets where you have pretty significant manufacturing plants tied to the auto sector. Any impact you have seen right now, either good or bad because of the auto tariffs?
John Turner: Not yet. Not yet. We really have not seen any significant impact associated with the tariffs to date nor immigration policy changes, but we are monitoring all those things, obviously.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning, Matt. Good morning. The service charge line grew nicely year over year. And then also link quarter where normally there is some seasonal pressure. So just talk about that. I think there is both treasury management and consumer overdraft. It is one of the big drivers. So could touch on that. Thanks.
David Turner: Yeah. I mean, we continue to grow customer accounts. Customer checking accounts, and you know, more accounts are going to have more service charges. We do have a little bit of seasonality that comes in the service charge line item on the corporate side. And that is always a bit helpful in the first quarter. But you know, all of our income lines and the non-interest revenue were all increasing with the exception of capital markets, which is where we had the biggest challenge. And we expect that non-interest revenue source to be fairly stable to growing throughout 2025, excluding the GAAP market's challenges. Yeah. I will just add, Matt, reiterate David's point. Growth in consumer checking accounts, growth in small business checking accounts are a driver of service charge income. We grew treasury management relationships by 9% last year, and you are seeing the benefits of that manifested in increased treasury management revenue, and we would expect to continue to have that sort of success growing treasury management relationships as we expand our commercial and corporate banking businesses across our growing footprint.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. That is helpful. And then just on the consumer overdraft fees, there has obviously been, you know, some relief over what could have happened in terms of cash. And just thoughts on that going forward. Obviously, it has been a drag for kind of multiple years from you guys, but opportunities for that to grow maybe beyond account growth from here?
John Turner: Well, you know, we have made a lot of changes in our overdraft practices and services that we offer customers, including early pay, a 24-hour grace period, established de minimis levels for overdrafts, and maximum number of transactions. All those things have had an impact on overdraft revenue, and that is a positive from our perspective. We want to provide that service to customers, but we prefer they not use it. To the extent they do, then we are generating some revenue associated with it. It grew modestly quarter over quarter. We are still seeing about the same percentage of customers access overdraft. So it is not a we are not seeing a growing number of customers, I guess, would be the point using overdraft. It really is more a reflection, I think, of the overall number of accounts that we are opening. And as a result, some additional revenue is being generated.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you. That is helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: Hi. My first question is as we think about what the reserve is capturing in terms of unemployment rate, David, could you give us a sense on what the current baseline is and what the weighted average may be?
David Turner: Yeah. We did so we do our calculation a little differently. If you go look at and I get the pages off to page twenty-nine, it will show you what our unemployment expectations are for the next sorry. What that page. Is that right page? How about 4.2%, 4.3%? We also have a qualitative component and embedded in that qualitative component is trying to think what that a comp a piece of that is, what the unemployment rate could go to. When you weight all that down, we are in the high 4% range as far as the unemployment that is embedded in our current allowance we have at the end of the quarter.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Yeah. As we think about the allowance going forward, you know, given how you have told us your charge-offs will trend over this year, there are clearly some already identified issues that you are working through, which would imply a release of those associated reserves. But clearly, the macro outlook is murkier given the tariff policy. So how should we think about, you know, the potential of modest loan growth coming back, you know, the resolution of those previously identified problem credits, and then just, like, a who knows environment as we think about your ACL going forward.
David Turner: Yeah. I think so if you look on page thirty-one where we show our allowance relative to our kind of day one CECL back to the fourth quarter of 2019 first opening quarter of 2020. We show you kind of what those reserves that is in a benign environment. We clearly have more reserves today because we have to take care of some of our problem assets in those portfolios of interest. And that is why we expect higher charge-offs in the first half year lower in the back half. And as you see that, you should have an expectation all of the things being equal, the economy does not drift further away. That the allowance coverage ought to be coming down. We have given you a pro forma as to what the loss rates would look like. With our current portfolio as if it were adopted on the first day of CECL, then it is a 1.62%. So what you ought to see is that 1.81% that we have today is drift down more towards that in a normal environment. The pace of which we cannot tell you because we do not know what the economic environment is going to be. But those higher charge-offs coming through this year just directionally, you should expect the 1.81% to be lower as time goes by unless the economy falls apart.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Gerard Cassidy: Hey, John. This is Gerard.
John Turner: Hi.
Gerard Cassidy: David, can just want to clarify the answer in that last question on slide thirty, your economic outlook. With the unemployment rate. That is if I recall, those are the economic statistics for your region, your footprint, rather than the country. Am I correct in remembering that?
David Turner: That is correct.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. I just because your numbers are going to be different than what we are hearing from others, I want to make sure people knew that. Coming back to your CECL comment with the reserves, how challenging do you think it is going to be convincing the regulators and the rating agencies of what you pointed out the way the math works and the CECL, how those reserves should come down. Any thoughts there?
David Turner: Well, I mean, we think we are pretty expert at knowing what allowance we need to have. Obviously, we get challenged by rating agencies, regulators, or independent auditors. But we have a pretty good process in place. It is consistently applied. And just directionally, what I said has to happen over time. I think what is embedded in your question, Gerard, is the pace of that improvement and coming down. And I do not think we are going to get to 1.62% until we see things really settle down and we have clarity and the economy is kind of moving along like it is capable of. So I do not want to assert that we are going to 1.62% next quarter. Or even this year. I am just saying that, you know, with a higher charge-offs, with a 1.81% allowance, if you are fully reserved for the charge-off, that number mathematically has to come down all other things being equal.
Gerard Cassidy: Certainly. Got it. And then one other follow-up just on credit. You guys, you know, coming out of the pandemic, identify some of the ongoing portfolio, surveillance portfolios like transportation, trucking. As we move forward in a slower growth environment, are you have you identified any other portfolios you are keeping extra attention to outside of what you have already identified from the pandemic area. Are there any portfolios in particular that you look at?
John Turner: Yeah. I would say retail trade, manufacturing, particularly related to consumer durables, I think we will have to watch the consumer and where their spending or not. And those will be areas that we follow with some interest. Construction would be another area with potential impacts on rising cost. Above and beyond what we have already experienced.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Spahr with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Spahr: Good morning. Hi. Good morning. How are you all doing? So my question is just to follow-up on the fee drivers. And your lower guide, but yet you had like, record wealth management and treasury management. Going into the quarter. So just is it all you are going to be at the low end of the capital markets guide of $80 to $90 million or there are some other things that kind of that led to you to kind of lower your guidance for fees for the year? Thanks.
David Turner: Yeah, Chris. The main driver is exactly what you said is capital markets. Yeah. All the other categories seem to be doing pretty well. We could have a bit of a challenge in the wealth area just because of the market. We will see, you know, they are continuing to grow assets in the wealth management area. Which will be nice. But there is also a market comp component of fee revenue there too. So with the market down, it makes that a bit more challenging. But the biggest single driver is what is capital markets going to be. And that is driven by more specifically, M&A activity, real estate capital markets, and loan syndications, and all three of those were down this quarter. And, hopefully, over time, we can get those rebound, which is why we have given you the that that business is set up to generate $100 million a quarter, but it is just not going to happen with uncertainty that is created the rate environment. Those are two big drivers of that revenue stream.
Christopher Spahr: Okay. Okay. And then as a follow-up, just you know, you have talked in the past about kind of targeting some core markets in your footprint and just can you just expand on what you what actions you might be doing, especially if you are not really expanding new branches in those markets? Thank you.
John Turner: Yeah. It is mostly around just additional focus on the opportunities in the market. So as an example, we think we talked about last quarter making an investment in bankers, specifically skilled to take advantage of the unique opportunities that might exist around the market. Small business, as an example. We operate 1,250 branches. The opportunity to bank small businesses is not equal across those 1,250 branches. In fact, there are some locations where there is real opportunity. And so placing bankers in those markets specifically to focus on the opportunities there is an important investment. Similarly, we are making investments in commercial bankers and wealth bankers. And our approach to business is a team-based approach. So we are focusing on using all the assets that we have and some of these markets to work together to grow our business. And we are excited about the opportunities that that presents.
Christopher Spahr: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Betsy Graseck: Oh, hi. Thank you. Hi. I did just want to understand the comment you made earlier around how net charge-offs are do I get it right front-end loaded and, like, how should I be thinking about the pace of what we are going to be seeing in the beginning of the year versus the end of the year, and how much differential is there there? And then separately, you have reserved all for this, so the provision is neutral. Is that a fair read or what did I miss? Thanks.
David Turner: Yeah. I think the way to think about it, Betsy, is we identified a couple of credits in the portfolios of interest that we have previously talked about, office specifically, senior housing, transportation. We are in a workout mode. We do not know exactly the timing of those resolutions. But we believe that it would likely be in the first or second quarter. As a consequence, we have signaled charge-offs could be higher in the first and second quarter or the first half of the year than in the latter part of the year. Having said that, we are still committed to a range of 40 to 50 basis points. So you can draw your conclusions. We recorded 52 basis points of charge-offs in this quarter. If we are still going to be within that range of 40 to 50 basis points, you can sort of assume the trajectory from here. We still believe the second quarter will be higher than third and fourth. So, again, based on things that we think we are going to get we are going to resolve.
Betsy Graseck: And from a provisioning standpoint, again, all things being equal, you should expect the provision to be right there with charge-off. Now if we get some loan growth or we get economic deterioration, both of those can drive an increase in the provision over charge-offs. But we just have to wait until we get to the end of the quarter to see.
Betsy Graseck: Yeah. Just wondering since you reserved for these, you know, workouts you are doing, you know, you write it off and the reserve goes down. Right? You release the reserve against it. So that is why I was wondering would that be a neutral impact on provision.
David Turner: Yeah. And you would have seen that in this quarter, but for the fact that we had some economic deterioration. So we did increase our reserves for general imprecision as a result of just observations about the market. And your comment about seeing the reserve come down, that was my whole point talking to got who it was now. Erika maybe and Gerard. Said the 1.81% that we have ought to come down as you see those higher charge-offs coming up.
Betsy Graseck: Right. Understood. Thanks so much. Appreciate the call.
David Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Alright. Okay. Well, that concludes, I think, all the questions we had today. So thank you for participating in our call. Thanks for an in our company. Have a great weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Christine. Welcome to Regions' fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding our results. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer and non-GAAP reconciliations are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, today's prepared remarks and Q&A. I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. This was a year of records at Regions, with our performance driven by consistent focus on superior service as well as soundness, profitability and growth. Our Capital Markets and Wealth Management businesses, as well as our Treasury Management products and services, all generated record revenue in 2024. This morning, we reported strong full year earnings of $1.8 billion, resulting in earnings per share of $1.93, and a top-quartile return on average tangible common equity of 18%. We continue to benefit from our strong and diverse balance sheet, solid capital liquidity positions and prudent risk management. Additionally, our proactive hedging strategy, investments in fee-generating businesses, desirable footprint and granular deposit base support our ability to deliver consistent, sustainable long-term performance and position us for growth in 2025 and beyond. We are fortunate to be in some of the best markets in the country. Our core markets are foundational to our deposit advantage and have supported growth that exceeds the rest of the U.S. And we've achieved this growth while maintaining peer-leading deposit betas in a top five market share in 70% of our core markets throughout our 15-state footprint. We also have a presence in some of the fastest-growing markets in the country. Investments across these priority markets create significant future growth opportunities for Regions. Population growth across our footprint is expected to more than double that of the U.S., but it's even more pronounced within our priority markets with expectations of growth of more than 3 times the national average. Importantly, we've already established a pattern of success in these markets, growing deposits by $12.5 billion since 2019 and outpacing the market. We plan to build on this success with incremental investments, further supporting growth and extending our advantage. We believe we are uniquely positioned to leverage these advantages as they are underpinned by our longstanding presence across our footprint where, in many areas, we've operated for more than 100 years. This rich history has allowed us to invest in the communities we serve and build a strong brand and a loyal customer base. So, you'll see us continue to strategically invest in talent, technology and markets over the next several years to drive growth and generate efficiencies. We're excited about our growth prospects. However, we'll continue our track record of judicious expense management. Over the next couple of years, we expect to invest in bankers across all of our segments, Corporate Banking, Consumer Banking and Wealth Management. Specifically, we plan to add approximately 140 bankers across our product sets, treasury management bankers, mortgage loan officers, commercial relationship managers, as well as wealth management associates. These additions are expected to focus primarily within our eight priority growth markets. Additionally, within the Consumer Bank, we'll lean into our demonstrated successes with regard to capital allocation to better align resources throughout the branch network, specifically focusing on priority markets and branch small business. We'll also invest in enhanced online and mobile capabilities to take better advantage of the deposit opportunities presented by the 12 million small businesses located within our footprint. We've already experienced branch small business deposit growth of $2.6 billion or 30% since 2019 and $1.1 billion or 41% growth occurring in our priority markets. We believe these enhanced capabilities and focus will allow us to capture additional market share over time. Putting this all together, we're excited about the momentum we have going into 2025. We have a solid plan for growth, a highly desirable footprint and a leadership team with a proven track record of execution, setting us up, we believe, for top-quartile results in 2025 and beyond. Before I hand it over to David, I want to thank our 20,000 Regions associates who put customers and their needs at the center of all we do and focus on doing the right things the right way. They are the driving force behind the successful execution of our strategic plan and I'm proud to call them teammates. With that, I'll hand it over to David to provide some highlights regarding the quarter and the year.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet. Average and ending loans declined modestly on a sequential quarter and full-year basis. Within the business portfolio, average loans [increased] (ph) modestly quarter-over-quarter as our customers continue to carry excess liquidity, and utilization rates remain below historic levels. However, client optimism is improving and further clarity surrounding tax reform and tariffs is expected to be a catalyst for business activity and lending. As a result, it will probably be the second half of the year before we see the impact filter through to the economy. As John noted, our footprint provides us meaningful advantages. For example, within our footprint, there is $77 billion of federal infrastructure spending already approved and allocated at the state level, which will benefit customers in infrastructure and infrastructure adjacent industries. We're also encouraged that pipelines and commitments are trending up. As a result, we expect a notable pickup in C&I lending in 2025, but this will be partially offset by continued softness in commercial real estate origination. Average consumer loans remained stable in the fourth quarter as modest growth in credit card was offset by declines in other categories. For full year 2025, we currently expect average loan growth of approximately 1% as we continue our focus on risk-adjusted returns. From a deposit standpoint, both ending and average deposit balances grew modestly quarter-over-quarter, consistent with normal year-end seasonality. Noteworthy growth occurred in commercial due largely to year-end tax inflows to state, county and municipal customers. Despite modest growth in interest-bearing commercial deposits during the quarter, we remain at our expected mix in the low 30% of noninterest-bearing to total deposits. We continue to believe this profile will be relatively stable in the coming quarters. In the first quarter, we typically see a moderate reversion of the year-end commercial balance increase, offset by some growth in consumer deposits, driven by tax refunds. After the first quarter, overall balances normally grow modestly through the year, which aligns with our baseline expectation. For the full year of 2025, we expect average deposits to remain relatively stable with 2024 as modest growth in consumer deposits is expected to be offset by declines in commercial deposits as customers draw down their excess liquidity. Let's shift to net interest income. Net interest income grew 1% in the fourth quarter, demonstrating a well-positioned balance sheet profile amidst Fed policy easing. The benefits from lower deposit cost and hedging fully offset the pressure on asset yields from lower interest rates. Linked quarter, interest-bearing deposit cost fell by 21 basis points, representing a falling interest rate bearing deposit beta of 34%. We believe our ability to manage funding costs lower even after exhibiting industry-leading performance during the rising rate cycle further highlights the strength of our deposit advantage. Growth in interest-bearing deposits added cash balances and negatively impacted the reported deposit beta, but had little impact to net interest income. Net interest margin increased 1 basis point to 3.55%, overcoming the pressure from elevated average cash balances, which negatively impacted net interest margin by 3 basis points. Finally, we took advantage of a steepening yield curve in the fourth quarter, executing the repositioning of $700 million of securities at a $30 million pretax loss and resulting in a 220 basis point yield benefit. Today, we have few bonds that can be replaced and meet our interest rate risk and capital management objectives. However, we will continue to reassess going forward. In terms of full year 2025, net interest income is expected to increase between 2% and 5%, building on the growth momentum established in 2024. In the near-term, net interest income will decline modestly in the first quarter due mostly to two fewer days. After this, growth is expected to come from fixed rate loan and securities yield turnover in the prevailing higher rate environment and improving loan and deposit growth backdrop, and the ability to protect net interest income from uncertainty as the path of the Fed rate evolves. Now, let's take a look at fee revenue performance during the quarter. Adjusted non-interest income declined 5% from a strong third quarter. Our full year adjusted non-interest income increased 9%, driven by record Capital Markets, Treasury Management and Wealth Management income. Over time and in a more favorable interest rate environment, we expect our Capital Markets business can consistently generate quarterly revenue of approximately $100 million, benefiting from investments we have already made in capabilities and talent, but we expect it will run around $80 million to $90 million in the near term. Within mortgage, due in part to our experience and cost advantage, we will continue to look for opportunities to acquire additional mortgage servicing rights, building on the $56 billion we've acquired since 2019. We expect full year 2025 adjusted non-interest income to grow between 2% and 4% versus 2024. Let's move on to non-interest expense. Adjusted non-interest expense declined 4% compared to the prior quarter, driven primarily by declines in salaries and benefits and lower Visa Class B shares expense, reflecting the third quarter litigation escrow funding that did not repeat. Full year 2024 non-interest expenses decreased 4% on a reported basis and 1% on an adjusted basis. We have a demonstrated track record of managing our expense base over time and remain committed to prudently managing expenses to fund investments in our business. We will continue focusing on our largest expense categories, which include salaries and benefits, occupancy and vendor spend. We expect full year 2025 adjusted non-interest expense to be up approximately 1% to 3%, and we expect to generate positive operating leverage. Regarding asset quality, provision expense was approximately equal to net charge-offs at $120 million, and the resulting allowance for credit loss ratio remained unchanged at 1.79%. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans increased 1 basis point to 49 basis points, driven primarily by previously identified portfolios of interest. Full year net charge-offs were $458 million or 47 basis points. Non-performing loans as a percent of total loans increased 11 basis points to 96 basis points, modestly below our historical range, while business services criticized loans remained relatively stable. Our through-the-cycle net charge-off expectations are unchanged and remain between 40 basis points and 50 basis points. As it relates to 2025, we currently expect full year net charge-offs to be towards the higher end of the range, attributable primarily to loans within our previously identified portfolios of interest. We do expect losses to be more elevated in the first half of the year, but importantly, losses associated with these portfolios are already reserved for. Let's turn to capital and liquidity. We ended the quarter with an estimated common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.8%, while executing $58 million in share repurchases and paying $226 million in common dividends during the quarter. When adjusted to include AOCI, common equity Tier 1 decreased from 9.1% to an estimated 8.8% from the third to fourth quarter, attributable to the impact from higher long-term interest rates on the securities portfolio. We continue to execute transactions to better manage this volatility. Near the end of the fourth quarter, we transferred an additional $2 billion of available-for-sale securities to held-to-maturity as we prepare for new regulatory expectations. In the near term, we expect to manage common equity Tier 1 inclusive of AOCI closer to our 9.25% to 9.75% operating range. This will provide meaningful capital flexibility going forward to meet proposed and evolving regulatory changes while supporting strategic growth objectives and allowing us to continue to increase the dividend and repurchase shares commensurate with earnings. With that, we'll move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Nash: Hey, good morning, everyone. Maybe to start off with the outlook on expenses, the 1% to 3% growth inclusive of investments, David, maybe just talk about where you're getting efficiencies from to create capacity to make these investments? And then second, just given the investments that you're making combined with the comments you made about expectations for C&I loan growth to pick up, what do you think that means for your ability to generate incremental positive operating leverage over time? Thanks. And I have a follow-up.
David Turner: Yeah. So, from an expense standpoint, we've mentioned kind of the key categories, 60% of our expense base are salaries and benefits. So, we watch our headcount very carefully, making sure that we deploy the right number of the right people in the right places. And I think we've done a pretty good job of that. That never ends. We continue to look for opportunities to streamline processes and leverage technology, which I think we do okay, but there's more opportunity there. So, managing that headcount is important. Occupancy cost for us is one of our largest categories and we've done a pretty good job of reducing square footage over time, both in the branch footprint, but more so in the office footprint. And that's helped us quite a bit. And then third is, we have a pretty good effort on our vendors, making sure that we use vendors appropriately, whether it's third-party consultants or software vendors or whatever, to make sure that we're getting what we pay for and only getting what we need to have to run the business. So, that's allowed us to make investments in other parts of technology. We're in the middle of putting in a new deposit system and loan system. And so, we've been able to pay for that. And we're going to make investments in people, as John mentioned in his comments. So, if we do all that, we do -- we're going to generate positive operating leverage. Where we end up on that, Ryan, we'll just have to see.
Ryan Nash: Got it. Thanks for the color. Maybe to ask about capital, so David, you talked about managing to the 9.25% to 9.75%. Obviously, that's a bit of a moving target with rates. Maybe just talk about what you think that means for the reported capital ratio that you're targeting? And given the limited amount of growth, maybe just talk about how you're thinking about uses of capital and what it means for the amount of capital that you can return over 2025? Thanks.
David Turner: Yeah. So, first and foremost, we want to use our capital to grow our business, in particular, loan growth. And -- but we don't want to force loan growth. We want to have it there at the ready. We think loan growth will be fairly slow in the front half of the year and pick up and the back half has more clarity with policy, regulatory policies as well, get clarity. After loans, it's really dividends. We want to target somewhere between 40% and 50% of our earnings to be paid out in the form of a dividend. So, call that 45% in the middle. As we think about AOCI, we believe we need to be within striking distance of our post-AOCI capital number. So that's 9.25% to 9.75%. At the end of this quarter, we're at 8.8%. That can move quite a bit based on the 10 year. And so, we've kind of pegged the 10 year at 4.50% as our base case, by the way. So, we don't have to get to 9.50% immediately, but we want to be close enough to the extent that AOCI does become part of the capital regime. We don't know what the rules are going to be, but we believe that's a high likelihood. Therefore, we want to continue to build that, which means our reported CET1 will continue to increase at some level. We do have buybacks baked into our plan, and it just really depends on what loan growth ultimately ends up being. If we have more loan growth than we have baked in, which is, call it, approximately 1%, if we have more than that, we'd have fewer buybacks. If we have less loan growth, we'll have more buybacks. I do want to remind everybody and I haven't seen many talk about this, but we have the last year of the CECL amortization that goes into the common equity Tier 1 ratio this quarter, and that's, call it, 8 basis points to 10 basis points. So, that needs to be a piece, which means the first quarter buybacks will necessarily be lower than they otherwise would have been, if that makes sense.
Ryan Nash: Appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. All right. David, I was hoping to get your thoughts on how you see deposit pricing evolving. I know what you're sort of through-the-cycle beta expectations are on the way down, but just curious about any updated thoughts if we indeed sort of stay higher for a while. And then maybe just sort of within the context of the pros and cons that you hopefully listed out on Slide 8 there, just given that a good chunk of your NII momentum this year is kind of programmatic, where are you most focused if you were to sort of stack rank sensitivity to either rates or the shape of the curve versus things like deposit pricing, stuff like that?
David Turner: Yeah. So, I'm glad you referenced Page 8. It's our good guide in terms of how we're thinking about our base case and what could drive NII up or down. Deposit pricing is very important to us. Couple of things there. One, we want to be competitive. We want to be fair to our customers and make sure we're giving them a fair price on their deposits. We want to continue to grow deposits. That's why we're making investments in priority markets where we can grow checking accounts, noninterest-bearing checking accounts or operating accounts of the business. And so, as we do that, we'll continue to lower our deposit cost. Our base case is a 35%, call it 35% down beta, which is about where we are. Now, others had more of a move on that because they had a higher beta on a cumulative basis through the cycle. So, ours is necessarily going to be lower, but we also have our hedging that's in place to help protect us. We do have some high-cost CDs that are maturing that will help us from a deposit standpoint, but we do continue to have promotional rates out there in some markets where we're looking to grow and we think that's going to benefit our deposit growth over time. So, it's really a combination of primarily you're really watching your deposit costs and the shape of the yield curve does help us just a bit too. So, a steeper yield curve is better.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. All right. Thank you very much, David. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: Good morning.
John Turner: Good morning.
John Pancari: Just on, if I can go to the loan commentary a little bit again, you mentioned the loan growth about 1% expectation, as you look at 2025. And I know that that's relatively conservative. It looks like relatively low. And you did cite that you're considering risk-adjusted returns in that outlook. Where are you seeing pressure on returns today that are influencing the pace of growth? Is like as you look at it by loan type or by geography, where are you seeing the pressure on returns?
John Turner: John, I would say, it's as much about just generally the portfolios. We're always evaluating our loan portfolio and the relationships that we are able to establish with customers or are not able to establish with customers. Oftentimes, we originate credit with an expectation that we'll earn other business opportunities, and over the course of a two-year to three-year period, we don't generate the kind of ancillary business that we thought we would. We don't build a relationship we thought we might. And as a result, we choose to exit those. Much of what we have been doing, I think as you know, over the last seven, eight years is continuing to focus on capital allocation, remixing our business, exiting certain portfolios, relationships that don't generate appropriate risk-adjusted returns to us and reallocating that capital in the business. And that is a discipline that we have. We think has serviced really well and is a primary reason why we're able to generate consistent sustainable returns today.
David Turner: John, I'd add to your opening comment on the 1%. There are a couple of different stories there. So, our C&I growth is quite robust, I think, given the market of little over 3%. It's the investor real estate that'll be more challenging this year and then consumer will have some pluses and some minuses. Credit card will grow a bit. We can have mortgage up a little bit. But others -- other parts of the consumer business will be going the other way. So, net-net, it's 1%, but there's different stories in there that we think are reasonable. We want to make sure we lay out our capital that we get the appropriate return on it.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, great. That's helpful. And then, on the expense guide of 1% to 3%, could you -- does that incorporate an increase in your IT budget? I believe it's currently 9% to 11%, but you had signaled that it might be moving higher. So, does that up 1% to 3% incorporate upward revision to that budget?
David Turner: It does. We've continued to make investments. As you know, maybe better than most, we are investing in a new deposit system and loan system. Loan system will go in probably the second, third quarter of this year, and deposit systems a couple of years away, but we're been spending money on that. We're going to continue to invest there. And over time, we do believe that that 9% to 11% range will be higher. We haven't committed to a given percentage right now, but the guide that we have does contemplate those investments already. Those are the things that I'm talking about earlier when I said we have to make investments to grow, to continue to have best-in-class technology, and we have to figure out how to pay for that. And we have to look at salaries and benefits and occupancy and vendor spend as a way to get there.
John Turner: I would just say, John, two things about the deposit system conversion. One, it's on track, it's on time, it's on budget. And two, while David indicated we may in the future spend more money on technology, that's what the assumption that we're going to reduce expenses somewhere else.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Great. Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Winter with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
John Turner: Hey, Peter.
Peter Winter: Just a follow-up on expenses. Just if I think about, John, your opening comments, you outlined a series of investments you plan to make in terms of bankers and future revenue growth. The expense guidance is 1% to 3%. So, the question is, would you pull back on these investments if revenue growth comes in a little bit weaker than expected given this focus on positive operating leverage?
John Turner: Well, we're committed to generating positive operating leverage. We believe that we'll make the investments in people primarily, although we also indicate we're making investments in technology along the way, enhancing our mobile platform as an example. We'll make those investments in a measured way and we expect to generate revenue associated with those investments. So, I don't anticipate having to necessarily address your question because we do think the revenue growth will come given the investments we've made and the track record we have in making investments like this which generate positive operating revenue. We are very much committed to positive operating leverage over time. Now, we expect we'll absolutely deliver that in 2025. And if we get to revenue growth, we believe we will -- that will continue in '26 and beyond.
David Turner: Yeah. Peter, just to add to that, your question is coming at what point would you abandon positive operating leverage, and sometimes you need to do that because you need to make investments that you can't get paid back for today. That's not what 2025 is going to be about. 2025 has some built-in tailwinds for us in terms of just front book, back book. And the investments we're going to make, we're going to be all over making sure they generate the revenue that we've pro forma-ed. And so, the question isn't about whether we have positive operating leverage, the question is how much. And so, that kind of came at, I think, Ryan's original question. So, we're very committed to that this year and very committed to making investments to grow our business in areas where we think will have disproportionate growth relative to the rest of the United States.
Peter Winter: Got it. That's helpful, really helpful. And then, just on credit, you mentioned net charge-offs will be elevated in the first half of the year and then down and lower in the second half. Do you think net charge-offs come in above the upper end of that 40 basis points to 50 basis points in the first half? I understand that it's reserved for. And then secondly, would you expect the ACL ratio to drift lower from 1.79%, which has been pretty consistent in '24?
John Turner: Well, the charge-off ratio could drift a little higher than the 40 basis point to 50 basis point range in a given quarter, given that we have a handful of large credits, primarily in office and senior housing and in transportation, which we've signaled. In fact, roughly half of our non-accruals are in those three portfolios. And so, as you think about resolutions, they might be somewhat episodic. We could experience a quarter when charge-offs were little higher than the range. We are, we believe, obviously appropriately reserved for losses in those credits. And so, assuming they get resolved, I think you could also see, absent loan growth, with an improving economy, that our coverage ratios would begin to come down.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. I was hoping to get some details, sorry if you had covered it earlier, but just on some of the other fee categories besides Capital Markets, I don't know if there's seasonality or usually strong 3Q levels, but service charges, card, network management are all down. And so, just any thoughts on what drove it in 4Q and then the outlook on some of those categories? Thank you.
David Turner: Yeah. I think, what's baked in, to see some numbers that are baked in for next year that others have, we have this HR asset where we adjust benefits for certain individuals and we have a trust that funds that. So, as the assets and the trust go up, NIR goes up and so do expenses. And that's why we have this little bit of noise in our numbers. That's about $15 million. If you look at Page 14 in our supplement, you can see it quarter to quarter, it's about $15 million we think people put in our run rate that really distorts NIR a bit. As you get to the fourth quarter, the things that are a little bit more episodic are Capital Markets, as you mentioned. So, M&A advisory had a good finish for the year. And it depends on what's in the pipeline in any given quarter. So, you're not going to get a nice smooth quarterly run rate on that caption alone, which is why we finished at $97 million, $98 million in the quarter, for total Capital Markets, we're signaling more $80 million to $90 million-s, which should be baked into expectations. If we close more deals, it'll be higher than that. If we don't close as many, we'll be at the lower end. So, M&A is a bit, like I said, episodic. You have swap income -- people just aren't entering into interest rate protection right now given the rate environment. So that's not much of a contributor. Syndication revenue was up in the quarter. That has been a little bit episodic, but it had a good finish to the year. And then, we have real estate capital markets that's really been our strongest, a more steady contributor. But it can be even better than it was in the fourth quarter depending on rates. If we get rates coming down just a little bit, it actually could have even a better quarter. So, net-net, Capital Markets, I think, $80 million to $90 million for the time being and we're going to work to get it to $100 million, but we need a little help from the rate environment. Service charges are fairly predictable. There is no real noise in anything. Wealth Management continues to grow at double digits, partly due to markets, but partly due to just growth in customers and balances. And we're making investments in wealth advisors to continue on that path. So, we're happy with that. Probably the biggest negative would be in the card and ATM fee line. That's where we have our rewards liability. We started identifying to our customers real time what the rewards liability was when you log on, because we thought that was helpful to them and we believe it's helpful. But as a result of that, people are using their rewards more. So, we had to adjust our reward liability and that was a little bit of a deduct in NIR for the fourth quarter that shouldn't repeat as we go forward into 2025.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. That's super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: Hi, thank you. Just going back to Slide 8, David, thank you for all the color on beta in different mix scenarios. I'm just wondering, it's been such a long time since investors have seen a neutral rate that wasn't zero. And as we think about your experience as Regions given your deposit base, how should we think about sort of what you've seen in different rate environments with regards to DDA growth? And I guess I'm wondering how we -- it seems like we've completely lapped the impact of excess COVID liquidity in terms of pressure on deposits. And just, I guess, wondering what is the environment where Regions can see itself growing DDA again.
David Turner: Yeah. I think it's a great question, and a very important one because DDAs, consumer DDA and operating accounts of business are the fuel that make our engine work. And we've done a pretty good job of continuing to grow checking accounts. But we're doubling down on investments in our consumer side, our branch small business and our small business in the commercial side and reinforcing to our relationship managers to grow new logos, so that we can get the operating account. It's not about making up the loan. It's about getting the relationship, which is evidenced by an operating account of a business. If we'll continue to do that, we will continue to have more than 30% of our total deposits in noninterest-bearing, which is very valuable to us from a margin standpoint. So, it's not really the rate environment that's the driver of that. It's about us just getting out boots on the ground and getting after it. And that's kind of the challenge that John's put to the businesses. And we're looking forward to seeing what we could do by making the investments at our priority markets that we listed in our material.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And the second question, it may be just investment -- continued investments and fee income. David, you mentioned investing in more mortgage servicing assets in 2025. And as you think about perhaps where you could service your clients even better, what are your priorities in terms of fee income investments in '25? And how should we think about that trajectory over the medium term?
David Turner: Well, so we ask all of our businesses to take a look at what products or services that our customers need and value that we don't provide. And there's not a whole lot, but you've seen us invest in businesses like Sabal and ClearSight in the business side that have been helpful to us. We don't have a robust fixed income sales and trading platform. It'd be nice if we find something that made sense for us there. You mentioned MSRs. We love to buy RIAs in the wealth group, but they're too expensive. And so, we have to continue to chip. We have the capital to invest in those non-bank-type acquisitions. So, we come up with a product or service that we don't have, we're all over it. And -- but we have to make sure we pay an appropriate price for it.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Gerard Cassidy: Hey, John and David.
John Turner: Hey, Gerard. Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: John, you started your presentation with some very impressive economic data and population data and demographics in your core footprint. And at the same time, you and your peers continue to struggle to really achieve good loan growth. Good loan growth, I guess, you could define as the rate of growth of nominal GDP in the area in which you operate. What is it going to take do you think -- because I know you guys have been talking about modest loan growth for some time particularly on the commercial side. What do you think it's going to take to bring loan growth into let's say mid-single-digits for you folks over the next couple of years?
John Turner: Well, there are some natural headwinds, Gerard. One is there's just tremendous amount of liquidity in the marketplace. Customers have shrunk their balance sheets, their operating, their working capital needs are less than they were pre-COVID. Customers have figured out how to operate with less inventory, receivables turn potentially more quickly, and they just have a lot of cash. And so, we believe that customers have to put that money to work before we'll see an increase in activity. Having said that, we do continue to expect our commercial lending activity to be pretty good. David talked about 3% projected loan growth. We saw a really nice increase in production year-over-year, but line utilization is still at historically low levels. All that said, we also have to see growth in other portfolios. So, we have some headwinds that are generated by the fact that the real estate business is not growing today, largely new originations due to cost of insurance, cost of borrowing money, cost of supplies and construction. All those things have been a headwind to new originations within real estate. So that naturally offsets growth in C&I. And then, the consumer book is fairly stable. Consumers are still spending money, but probably a little more cautiously than they were. And so, while we're seeing some growth in our card portfolio, our other consumer businesses are fairly stable. I think we have to see some other things beside C&I loan growth in order to experience real overall loan growth in the portfolio.
Gerard Cassidy: And John, just tying into those comments, can you give us any color, or maybe David, the acquisitions you guys did a couple of years ago on EnerBank and Ascentium, how are they doing in terms of growing their loan books relative to when you bought them and what you expected they were going to produce?
John Turner: Yeah, I think we've been really happy with both acquisitions. I would say Ascentium, which is the older of the two, is a small business loan originator. Their focus has been on business essential equipment. They've been growing that business nicely, but have, over the course of the last, call it, 12 months to 18 months, run up against some pressure, as small businesses are feeling the pressure of increased cost, increased borrowing cost, et cetera. So, they haven't grown as much over the last 12 months as we would expect. We are, however, having really good experience integrating that platform into our branches, so that our branch bankers can use the capabilities that we have within Ascentium. As an example, Ascentium can approve a loan within about 75 minutes. They have really good technology. We can close that loan quickly. And so, we're happy and excited about what that means for growth and small business lending within our branches. With regard to EnerBank, the home improvement finance business, we have a bit of a run off portfolio there and we had some [solar] (ph) originations that the business that we've decided not to continue to grow. And so, as we're remixing our portfolio, so to speak, our portfolios within EnerBank, we don't anticipate a lot of growth there in 2025. But that will come over time. We've been really happy with the quality of the credit in both Ascentium and EnerBank. And we believe that those are portfolios and capabilities frankly given the technology that they have that we can continue to grow over time.
David Turner: And to add to that, Gerard, while your question was about balances, both of those portfolios that John just mentioned protect us. They're a natural hedge on a lower rate environment because they're fixed rate lending with much more spread than is typical. Now, it has higher risk, but we get paid and compensated for that risk, which is why we really like both of those businesses.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. I appreciate that. And then, David, you guys, obviously, you and Dana put together some really good slides for your earnings call and we all appreciate that. And I found the Slides 20 and 21 very interesting about your securities portfolio and the information that's provided there. On the held-to-maturity section of the securities portfolio, you show it represents about 14%. And if we assume that and we all don't know all of the details of the Basel III endgame when it is finalized hopefully later this year, but assuming that the available-for-sale unrealized losses will go through regulatory capital, as you alluded to in your comments, where do you think the HTM portfolio goes to? Or are you comfortable just keeping that at the current level?
David Turner: Yeah. So, Gerard, you saw that over this past year, we've increased that quite a bit. We were at about 3%, I think, at the beginning of the year. We're at 14% today. We have an interim plan to get to about 25%. We realized that's lower than the peer median still, but we do think that to the extent AOCI does become part of the regime that reducing the volatility of capital relative to changes in interest rates is important for us. So, we think 25% is comfortable enough. You start getting into higher percentages, you really have to think about the interplay with LCR and your liquidity risk management. So, you don't want to hamstring yourself by putting too much in HTM to solve one problem and create another one for you. So, we think 25% just about in any regime is a pretty good starting point. And once we get there, we'll reevaluate and come back to all of our investors and analysts and update that percentage if need be.
Gerard Cassidy: And I know you've been very active in the repositioning as you point out in Slide 21. Should we assume in '25 and maybe '26 to reach that targeted number you just gave us that repositioning is likely to be part of that strategy to get there?
David Turner: I would say our repositioning, you're not going to see the magnitude of the repositioning in '25 that you saw in '24, primarily because the -- we just don't have the securities out there that are -- that help us make sense for that. We've been trying to take losses with a payback period under three years. I think our last one was about 2.7 years. And we really don't want to go much over that. So, if we have a steeper curve, maybe that makes some sense to us. Our baseline is 4.50% on the 10. We start pushing on 5%, then maybe we have a different answer. In either case, I don't think we're going to have the magnitude of the repurchases that you saw in '24.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Okay. Thank you. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning. Hey, good to chat. Couple of follow-ups here. One, on the expenses, you were indicating that the loan system will go into place this year. What was it? 2Q, 3Q? So, my question...
David Turner: That's correct.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Is there -- will there be expense roll-off as it relates to system unwinds? Or is that more of a '26?
David Turner: Yeah. I don't think that you'll see any appreciable pickup from that when we get to the third quarter. That's kind of baked into our run rate. So, I don't think there's any change from that going live.
Betsy Graseck: Right. But once it goes live, you test it, wait a couple of quarters and then you get to turn off the old system, right?
David Turner: We do, but I don't think there's appreciable savings there. I think the new system really gives us an opportunity to serve our clients better as what that's all about. And it's a cloud-based system and I think that it'll help our relationship managers, in particular, serve our customers better.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, super. And then, just as follow-up on the question around the bankers. I know you mentioned at the beginning of the call, 140 bankers that you're looking to bring in over the course of the year. I'm assuming that's a timeframe. But can you give us a sense of how does this number, 140, compare to prior years? I'm trying to get a sense of what kind of ramp you are driving in the business, as I'm sure you know, headcount times productivity is revenues. So, looking to understand the ramping here and is this a one year, is this a multi-year, that would be very helpful to understand. Thanks so much.
David Turner: Well, you got to the answer at the very end. That's a multi-year. That's, call it, a two-, three-year ramp. That's not -- we're not hiring 140 people in one year. I'm not sure we could hire 140 people in one year. You'll see that really coming on throughout the year, probably towards the middle of the year and the back of the year. That's baked into our 1% to 3%. And so, you shouldn't see this big cliff effect of having all this expense with no revenue. We're going to feather it in so that it makes sense for us. Again, we're committed to positive operating leverage, at the same time, we're committed to growth. So, how we do that and the pace that we do that is going to have to be very measured. So, you're not going to see just all of a sudden, a bunch of people show up on our doorstep.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. And I'm just wondering, I'm sure you've been hiring people into this business along the way as well. And you're indicating that you are going to be accelerating the pace of hiring into this space. I'm just wondering, is this a doubling of prior pay, tripling?
John Turner: Yeah, I mean depending on the business, Betsy, it'd be 10% to 20% increase in headcount, depending upon the business or function, just by range.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, great. That's super. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Christopher Spahr with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Spahr: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. Good afternoon. So, this is a kind of a [indiscernible] of the strong footprint and outsized growth you expect and yet, obviously, loans and deposits, it's a lot of recent clients not growing much. What do you think the organic growth rate should be in a more normal environment for both?
John Turner: Yeah. Well, we've consistently said, we think we ought to grow -- in our core markets, we ought to be growing with the economy plus a little where we have significant market share and presence. We acknowledge that there are a number of new competitors in the marketplace or indicating they want to come into the marketplace, which makes the business more challenging. But we have a high degree of confidence in our ability to continue to protect our markets, our core markets and grow in those markets. And at the same time, we're excited about the growth markets that we have an opportunity, we've called them priority markets where we have an opportunity to grow our business at maybe a little faster rate relative to our current position there.
Christopher Spahr: And I know this was kind of asked a little bit already, but just -- can you just be a little bit more specific on the tech progress? Like, what's the time line when you think you'll be done? And what are kind of the ancillary benefits you may expect to see both just on an operating standpoint, but also an opportunity standpoint? Thank you.
John Turner: Yeah. David mentioned, we'll convert to our new loan system later this year and then begin running a pilot on the deposit system in the second half of 2026 with full implementation in the likely the second quarter, first and second quarter of 2027. In terms of benefits, so we think it gives us a good bit more capabilities, faster product launches. We can bundle products. We'll have just -- we think more interesting capabilities. It's cloud-based system. It will allow us to upgrade the system much more easily quickly. And all in all, we think they give us a competitive advantage.
Christopher Spahr: All right. Thank you.
John Turner: Okay. That's all the questions. Thank you all very much for calling in today. We appreciate your interest in Regions. Have a great weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Christine and I'll be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Christine. Welcome to Regions' Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding our results. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A. I will now turn the call to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. This morning, we reported strong third quarter earnings of $446 million resulting in earnings per share of $0.49. For the third quarter, total revenue grew on a reported and adjusted basis as both net interest income and fee revenue improved quarter-over-quarter. In fact, almost every category within fee revenue experienced growth compared to the second quarter. In line with the growth in revenue, adjusted noninterest expense increased modestly quarter-over-quarter. Average loans remained stable, while ending loans declined slightly quarter-over-quarter, reflecting modest customer demand, continued focus on client selectivity as well as further paydowns and credit resolutions in the portfolio. In general, sentiment among corporate customers remains cautiously optimistic. Despite recent interest rate cuts and the possibility of more, customers are hesitant to make capital expenditures until the resolution of the election along with the greater economic and geopolitical certainty. Our focus remains on understanding our customers' evolving needs and providing tailored solutions to ensure we are well positioned to support them when the time is right. Average deposits declined slightly while ending deposits remained stable during the quarter as deposit remixing trends have stabilized. Although certain portfolios within the corporate bank continue to experience stress, overall, our corporate and consumer customers remain healthy and our credit metrics have stabilized. Before wrapping up, I want to take a moment to speak about the recent hurricanes, Helene and Milton. They were incredibly powerful storms and the impacted communities across our footprint face difficult challenges as they begin the recovery process. I'm extremely proud of the way our teams are responding to meet the needs of our customers, fellow associates and communities affected. Regions has a long history of helping communities through challenging times, including natural disasters and we'll continue to support recovery efforts. In summary, we're proud of our third quarter results driven by the successful execution of our strategic plan. Our highly desirable footprint, along with the investments we're making in talent, in technology and in products and services are positioning us to benefit as macroeconomic conditions improve. We have a great plan and a leadership team with a proven track record of successful execution. We're on track for a strong finish to 2024 and are well positioned to continue generating top quartile results in 2025 and beyond. Now David will provide some highlights regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet. Average loans remained stable while ending loans declined slightly on a sequential quarter basis. Within the business portfolio, average loans remained stable quarter-over-quarter. As John mentioned, pipelines are likely to remain soft as customers continue to seek more certainty on a handful of fronts. In addition, customers continue to carry excess liquidity and utilization rates remain below historic levels. Average consumer loans also remained stable as modest growth in credit card was offset by declines in other categories. We continue to expect 2024 average loans to be stable to down modestly compared to 2023. From a deposit standpoint, deposit balances followed expectations this quarter. Ending levels were stable and averages were down about 1%, largely due to normal summer spending among consumers. Competitive rates declined in advance of the Fed rate cut and consequently customer demand for CD softened, further slowing the rate seeking behavior we experienced throughout the cycle. As a result, the percentage of noninterest-bearing deposits remained stable in the low 30% range. Let's shift to net interest income. Net interest income increased 3% linked quarter, outperforming our expectations. The increase reflects stability and deposit trends together with asset yield expansion. Year-to-date, we have repositioned $3.6 billion of securities, realizing $175 million of pretax losses, resulting in an estimated 2.5 year payback. This includes the incremental sales and reinvestment of approximately $1.3 billion of securities in the third quarter at a $75 million pretax loss. Importantly, the strategy of selling shorter duration and buying longer duration securities has been helpful in maintaining our duration target and has benefited the unrealized loss on the portfolio as interest rates moved lower in the third quarter. Going forward, we will continue to evaluate further repositioning with respect to risk management and capital goals. However, near-term opportunities with attractive payback periods are limited given current market dynamics. Similar to the second quarter transaction, the proceeds of $1 billion September debt issuance were used to purchase the like amount of securities in order to maintain a relatively neutral balance sheet position and bolster liquidity. As expected, interest-bearing deposit costs have peaked remaining flat with the second quarter level at 2.34%. This completes the full rising rate cycle with our interest-bearing deposit beta finishing at 43%, while also maintaining 30% more deposit balances than held prior to the pandemic. Once again, highlighting the funding advantage of Regions' industry-leading deposit franchise. Now as we transition to a falling rate environment, hedging and the ability to reduce deposit expense result in a well-protected profile. Following the initial Fed funds decline, we've experienced a reduction in interest-bearing deposit rates and our exit rate for the quarter amounted to 2.2% consistent with a roughly 30% beta. In the fourth quarter, we would expect further benefit from deposits as term products begin to mature and price lower, equating to a mid-30s beta and neutral sensitivity position in the quarter. Over time, we believe falling rate deposit betas have the ability to drift higher toward those experienced in the rising rate cycle. When coupled with fixed rate asset turnover at higher market yields, this provides the support to grow net interest income in the fourth quarter and beyond. Let's take a look at fee revenue performance during the quarter. Adjusted noninterest income increased 9% driven by improvement in almost every category, most notably service charges, capital markets and wealth management. Service charges increased 5% driven primarily by treasury management semi-annual fees as well as the benefit of one additional business day in the quarter. Capital markets increased 35% due to the increase in M&A advisory fees as well as an increased securities underwriting and placement fees driven by market stabilization. Over time and in a more favorable interest rate environment, we expect our capital markets business can consistently generate quarterly revenue of approximately $100 million, but we expect it will run around $80 million to $90 million in the fourth quarter. Wealth Management increased 5% to a new quarterly record, reflecting increased sales activity and stronger markets. Based on year-to-date results, we now expect full year 2024 adjusted noninterest income to be in the $2.45 billion to $2.5 billion range. Let's move on to noninterest expense. Adjusted noninterest expense increased 4% compared to the prior quarter, driven primarily by a 6% increase in salaries and benefits resulting from one additional day in the quarter, increased performance-based incentives and the impact of HR-related asset valuations. The company also recognized $14 million of expense during the quarter associated with Visa's ongoing litigation escrow related to their Class B shares. We remain committed to prudently managing expenses to fund investments in our business. We will continue focusing on our largest expense categories, which include salaries and benefits, occupancy and vendor spend. Based on year-to-date results, including outperformance in revenue and elevated HR asset valuations, we now expect full year 2024 adjusted noninterest expenses to be approximately $4.25 billion. Regarding asset quality, as John indicated, overall credit performance continued to stabilize during the quarter. And importantly, our results include the impact of the recently completed SNC exam. Provision expense was $4 million less than net charge-offs at $113 million and the resulting allowance for credit loss ratio increased one basis point to 1.79%. As expected, net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans increased 6 basis points to 48 basis points driven primarily by large information credit and one office credit. Nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans declined 2 basis points to 85 basis points and business services criticized loans declined $171 million. We continue to expect full year 2024 net charge-offs to be towards the upper end of our 40 basis point to 50 basis point range attributable to a few large credits within our previously identified portfolios of interest. However, those losses are substantially reserved for. Let's turn to capital and liquidity. We ended the quarter with an estimated common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.6%, while executing $101 million in share repurchases and $229 million in common dividends during the quarter. When adjusted to include AOCI, common equity Tier 1 increased meaningfully from 8.2% to an estimated 9.1% from the second to the third quarter. The improvement reflects the benefit to AOCI from lower interest rates and our active management of the duration of the securities portfolio. Additionally, near the end of the third quarter, we transferred $2.5 billion of available-for-sale securities to held to maturity as an initial step to reduce the volatility of AOCI as we transition towards new regulatory expectations in the future. We expect to maintain our reported common equity Tier 1 ratio, consistent with current levels over the near-term. This level will provide meaningful capital flexibility going forward to meet proposed and evolving regulatory changes, along with the implementation timeline while supporting strategic growth objectives and allowing us to continue to increase the dividend and repurchase shares commensurate with earnings. With that, we'll move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everybody. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. David, I was hoping you could sort of touch on some of the nuance within NII momentum. And I guess I'll ask just the first and then follow-up question all kind of wrap into one. I think you've previously suggested the margin could push up closer to like 3.60 as we enter next year and then kind of advance from there over the next couple of years. Feels like the fourth quarter might take a little bit of a step back. Does that knock us off the track for the 3.60 and prior path? And then the follow-on is regardless, it still feels as if NII will remain on an upward trajectory. So any updated thoughts on how the pacing looks over the next few periods?
David Turner: Sure. Yes, Scott, I think the -- we're still intact with regards to that 3.60. I do think we'll be in the lower part of the 3.50s in the fourth quarter. We're going to grow a little bit in terms of NII as indicated. And then going into 2025, we still have benefit from the front book, back book that's going to benefit us. We've had a little bit of earning asset growth too and continue to control our deposit costs. And of course we have our derivatives that naturally reset. Those are a negative carry this past quarter about $110 million. And so as rates come down, that certainly helps offset lowering rates. So that gives us confidence that we can go into next year and grow the margin.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
David Turner: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. Just first on the loan growth side. I guess if you could just give us a little more color of what you're seeing in terms of loan demand. I know you indicated that utilization is running below historical levels. And then given that, what do you see as the catalyst really to be driving material pickup? And maybe how do you think about that pickup materializing when you look at either fourth quarter or 2025? Thanks.
John Turner: Yes. So we've said our customers are cautiously optimistic. I would say the environment is generally a positive one. The economy is still good, though slowing. We've seen some growth in middle market commercial and our energy portfolio and asset-based lending. And that's offset by declines in the real estate book as projects are maturing and particularly in the multifamily space paying off, which offsets some of the growth we're experiencing on the business side. We've had a little growth in credit card balances and our interbank originations that's somewhat offset by the declines in mortgages, which experienced in some pay downs there. So I think activity is okay. Pipelines are softer than they were last quarter, but we still feel like we will see some modest possibly growth in loans in 2025 as there's more certainty about the political environment as there's more certainty about the continued direction of the economy, prices begin to moderate a bit. Businesses are still doing well. Balance sheets are strong. Margins are compressing. But customers are still making good money and we think they'll want to invest in their business when it's more clear. We see it have a more clear path later in 2025.
David Turner: Yes. John, it's David. I would add that our expectation is for real GDP to be in the 2%, a little over 2% range in 2025. We obviously are in great markets and we think we can take advantage of those when the a little bit of this uncertainty that John just mentioned dissipates a bit and then get on the growth trajectory in 2025.
John Pancari: Great. Thank you for that. And then separately, on the expense side, can you maybe talk about your confidence in your upwardly revised expense expectations here. I guess barring the outperformance of revenue on the fee side, do you see other risks that could pressure expenses higher again beyond revenue related? And then how does that influence your expectation for a positive operating leverage next year?
David Turner: Sure. No, once you get to this close to the year, the expense estimate is, we're pretty tight on that. We just don't see anything that could take us out of the what we've given you from an estimate standpoint. And we're set up, we've done a good job of managing our expenses. It's an everyday thing for us. We continue to look at expense savings opportunities because we want to use some of those savings to reinvest in our business to continue to grow, which is sets us up for growth in 2025. And, yes, we will generate positive operating leverage in '25. So we kind of don't see anything that's really could create major uncertainty in the fourth quarter in particular.
John Turner: Yes. Our largest expense, obviously, is salary and benefits, and that's controllable as we calm the investments that we're making. We have a big technology project underway, as you know. We believe that project is on track, on budget, and so don't have a lot of concern about that at the moment either.
John Pancari: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. I guess first question around credit. I think, David, you mentioned the charge-offs towards the higher end sectors you've talked about. Just maybe if we look forward, given where the economy today is, where your customer base is, do you think the charge-offs remains sticky in that 40% to 50% range or do we actually see a stair step function decline at some point over the coming quarters?
John Turner: Yes. Ebrahim, we look back historical, at our historic performance. It's been kind of an average of 46 basis points of charge-offs prior to the pandemic. And we've indicated, we think based upon the composition of our portfolio that our charge-offs will range somewhere between 40 basis points and 50 basis points. On average, there may be a quarter where they're modestly higher because of large exposures, maybe a quarter where they're lower because better performance, particularly in the business portfolio. But we are seeing a really good consumer credit performance right now and I feel good about that. And again based upon the composition of our portfolio and our historical performance, we think that 40 basis point to 50 basis point range is really typical.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Understood. And I guess just one question, maybe for David, around deposit pricing. I'm just wondering did the signaling by the Fed with the first 50 basis points rate cut, given enough ammunition to actually flex deposit costs lower even if assuming we don't get a November cut or do you think every incremental rate cut is much needed in order to be able to bring deposit cost lower?
David Turner: No, I think you should continue to expect the deposit cost to decline into the fourth quarter. We have several things working, some maturing CDs that are in that 4.25, 4.50 range going on today closer to 4. We had an exit rate. We put in the script interest-bearing cost being 2.20. So if you look at where we were for the quarter, it was 2.34. So that gives you the indication that you should continue to see the benefit of that coming down even if we don't get another cut. Now obviously more cuts would be even further reduction in cost, but you also have to factor in the reinvestment yields on the asset side too. So we think we're well positioned back to the first question that we got from Scott in terms of NII. We think we can continue to grow NII and the resulting in the fourth quarter and into '25.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thank you.
John Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
John Turner: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. David, I'm sorry for another question on deposit repricing. I'm wondering if you could give us a sense of the cadence over the next several quarters. So obviously some of the maturing retail and index deposits will reprice more immediately. Now how should we think about once the easy stuff has repriced, how we can look forward to deposit repricing going forward? And maybe think us through if we haven't seen a neutral rate that wasn't zero in such a long time. What is your typical deposit spread when the neutral rate has a level like 2.75% and 3%?
David Turner: Well, there's several questions baked into there. So if you look at maturities, that was the first part of your question. We have right at $3 billion that will be maturing here in the fourth quarter between our retail customers, which is probably 2.5 of that number. And then we got some wealth and small business customers. But we're not seeing the flight for yield as much as we had been. And so that's dissipating. And as I mentioned earlier, our CDs of 4.25 to 4.50 that are maturing, new rates for CDs are closer to 4. Still trying to keep the duration tight. I guess, the average is probably closer to 5 months now with this expectation as rates were going to come down, we would have an opportunity to take care of it. From a money market standpoint, you can see a lot of the deposit shift that came out of NIB went into money market. We can continue to challenge those rates pretty quickly. And so I think we have a mechanism to be able to adjust our rates pretty quickly. At 3% Fed funds, you're talking about deposit costs in the 1% range. So a couple of hundred basis point spread between those two. I think it was --
John Turner: Total deposit costs.
David Turner: Total deposit costs. Yes.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Very helpful. That includes -- you mean including noninterest-bearing?
David Turner: Yes. Our total deposit costs.
John Turner: Yes, including noninterest-bearing.
Erika Najarian: Perfect. And John the second question is for you. A lot of the remaining challenge, so to speak, stories in banks have often been management teams and board and doing underinvestment of predecessors. And you guys have always hit the right balance of efficiency and investment. As we think about the setup for next year, David mentioned the NII trajectory, if we remove the election uncertainty, I suspect that your fees will benefit as well in 2025. Should we calibrate our expectations for expenses relative to revenue rather than just resetting it flat to up 1% or whatever it is. In other words, should the street just expect, okay, what can Regions generate revenue-wise in a better environment and just expect positive operating leverage from there?
John Turner: Yes, I think at the end of the day, we're committing to positive operating leverage in 2025. A lot of what we do is we look at the revenue generation we're going to have. We have our core expenses. We're constantly challenging and we're trying to figure out how much we can free up for investment because the more we can free up and investment, it's not just technology and cyber or consumer compliance, it's people. It's putting more people on more boots on the ground in the markets that we want to continue to grow in, but we have obviously a cap in terms of how much we can do based on the revenue generation that we have. So we need to generate positive operating leverage. We think that creates shareholder value over time. And if we can generate more revenue, then we can use a bigger piece of the expense base to make those investments, but that's where it gets calibrated to come back to generate positive operating leverage.
David Turner: I would just add, Erika, we're committed to finding ways to eliminate expenses to use those monies to finance investments in our business. And if you look at treasury management, as an example, we've grown relationships by 5% year-over-year and revenues up 18% year-over-year. In wealth management, where we've been adding some wealth bankers and we expect to do that again next year, relationships are up 9% and assets under management are up 9%. We finally have, I think, capital markets back on track and that business is continuing to grow. It's been a great growth story for us since 2014 when we began expanding our capabilities there. Mortgage is an area where we're making some investment as we believe that business will improve. And then small business, we think, is an opportunity across our footprint. So we believe we have a number of pathways to grow and we intend to finance the investment in that growth through expenses, eliminating expenses that will allow us to make those investments.
Erika Najarian: Perfect. Thank you.
David Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. I was wondering if you guys could talk about the cards and ATM fee line. I know it's just a few million dollars down in 2Q and not like all as impactful of the overall picture. But it was down and I was just looking at how it's been down 6 of the past 7 quarters year-over-year. And just remind us what's going on there. Thanks.
David Turner: Yes, Matt, that's so you want to pick on the only one that didn't grow, okay? That's just really a volume thing and a mix between credit and debit and it depends on what season you're in. You can get a little bit of noise and all that. There's nothing systemic there that shouldn't enable us to grow that over time. So there's not a big story there.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And it does seem like the risk of debit card interchange reform has quieted down. So is that a line item that you're hopeful of growing in the future?
David Turner: Yes, I mean the way to grow that is to continue to grow customers. And so we focus on growing checking accounts and the more checking accounts we get, more cards we have in people's hands. And I think, again, being in the markets that we're in are going to give us the opportunity to do that, especially as we invest in people that I just talked about. So, yes, I think that's opportunities to grow. You do point out that there is a risk there in terms of the debit interchange rules. If that goes through, it has quieted down. We don't know that it there's no law that says it has to change at all from where it is right now. So we're going to continue to monitor that. But right now we don't count that as something that will happen in 2025.
John Turner: Yes. And Matt, I'd just remind you that we've talked about this before, Visa publishes a power score, which is a reflection of consumer customers ' debit utilization, activation and utilization. And for 42 quarters in a row now, Regions' customer base has been first in terms of power score. We have a customer base that's very actively uses their cards, particularly debit cards. And so to David's point, as long as we can continue to grow households, put more cards in customers' hands. We believe that there's plenty of opportunity to grow fee revenue associated with that category.
Matt O'Connor: All right. That's helpful. Thank you very much.
John Turner: Thank you.
David Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good morning.
John Turner: Good morning, Betsy. Hey, good morning.
Betsy Graseck: Hey, yes, a couple of cleanups here. One just I know we talked a lot about deposit rates. And I'm wondering what's the implication for deposit growth? And how are you thinking about that because of the fuel for the balance sheet, obviously.
David Turner: Yes, it gets back to, again, being in the markets that we're in, a lot of migration of people and businesses into our markets. We're making investments in people. And our core strategy of our company has been focusing on growth and checking accounts of a consumer and wealth and operating accounts of a business, including small business, where we're really kind of putting more effort on that than we have in the past. We're up about 30% since the pre-pandemic in terms of deposits since 2019. And so we think we have a good opportunity to grow. We have to be competitive with rates, Betsy. I mean we're not trying to just be the low-cost provider. We're trying to be fair and balanced and we think we've done that. And so we're going to have our opportunity to grow. On the corporate banking side, we've managed about $8 billion of cash off balance sheet for our customers. And we're not paying the rate that they would want. We get it for them and we get a little fee for it. But if we ever needed the liquidity for that, we could increase our rates and grow there. But we hadn't had to do that. What we want to do is make sure we're balancing deposit growth and loan growth to maximize our net interest margin.
Betsy Graseck: Sure. Okay. No, that's helpful color, and I appreciate the $8 billion there in the corporate banking. The other question I just had is on the investment spend in capital markets, specifically, is there anything in capital markets that you're thinking about investing more into power that line? And what I'm thinking about, I'm wondering is the private credit piece of the ecosystem here does continue to grow and there are opportunities for banks to help originate source, structure et cetera. And I'm wondering, is that an area that you would be looking to invest in or you would say absolutely not, there's other things that we're focused on. Thanks.
John Turner: I think we're following the developments in the private credit space. And there are a couple of different models that are emerging. They're all new. And so we'll follow that with some interest, but we don't have any specific inclination at this point. Much of what we're seeing so far in the way of private credit origination in our markets are things that we're nice to doing. So higher leverage, less covenants, just originations that don't interest us at this point. But again, we're following that development closely. In terms of capital markets, we've made some great investments. We want to continue to optimize those, seeing the benefits as an example of our investment in small and real estate originations, placement revenue. Separately, our M&A advisory platforms, both Clearsight and BlackArch rare doing well. I think we have opportunity to take advantage of the investments we've made and to look to potentially add some capabilities around the fringes either add-ons to those businesses or potentially some fixed income sales and trading capabilities over time. But we don't have any burning desire to do anything other than execute well on the investments that we've made so far.
Betsy Graseck: Perfect. Thank you so much.
John Turner: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would like to turn the call back over to John Turner for closing comments.
John Turner: Great. Well, we appreciate your participating in our call today. Thank you so much for your interest in our company. Have a great weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Christine. Welcome to Regions' Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. John and David will provide high level commentary regarding our results. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer and non-GAAP information, are available in the Investor Relations section of our Web site. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A. I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana. And good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. This morning, we reported strong second quarter earnings of $477 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.52. For the second quarter, total revenue remained relatively stable at $1.7 billion on a reported basis and $1.8 billion on an adjusted basis as net interest income remained resilient and fee revenue declined modestly compared to the first quarter. As expected, adjusted non-interest expenses declined quarter-over-quarter and are expected to remain at this approximate level for the remainder of the year. Average and ending loans remained relatively stable quarter-over-quarter, reflecting modest customer demand, continued focus on client selectivity and paydowns in the portfolio. Average deposits also remained relatively stable while ending deposits declined modestly during the quarter, consistent with seasonal tax related patterns. We experienced broad based improvement in overall asset quality this quarter. Non-performing and business services criticized loans as well as net charge-offs improved sequentially. In summary, we're proud of our second-quarter results, driven by the successful execution of our strategic plan. We have a great plan and the investments we're making in talent, technology and in products and services are positioning us to benefit as macroeconomic conditions improve. Our footprint continues to provide us with significant opportunities. And while we are experiencing more competition in our markets, our long-standing presence, commitment to communities and the favorable brand we've built over many years positions us well. As long as we remain focused on execution, I have no doubt that we can continue generating top quartile results. Now, David will provide some highlights regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet. Average and ending loans remained relatively stable on a sequential quarter basis. Within the business portfolio, while average loans remained relatively stable, ending loans increased 1%. Despite near term macroeconomic and political uncertainty, pipelines are beginning to rebuild. Average consumer loans also remained stable as modest growth in residential mortgage and consumer credit card were offset by declines in home equity and other miscellaneous consumer loans. We continue to expect 2024 average loans to be stable to down modestly compared to 2023. From a deposit standpoint, deposits remained relatively stable on an average basis while ending balances declined 2%. These declines in the second quarter reflect anticipated tax seasonality. Having largely returned to pre-pandemic patterns, we expect relative stability in deposits, which is typical for summer and early fall. As expected, deposit remixing has slowed. Competitive pricing and customer demand for promotional products has stabilized. Over the second quarter, the proportion of non-interest bearing deposits relative to total deposits has remained steady in the low 30% range. Now, let's shift to net interest income. Net interest income increased modestly during the quarter, outperforming our expectations. The increase reflects stabilizing deposit trends and asset yield expansion. Also exceeding expectations, the net interest margin declined only 4 basis points, resulting primarily from higher average cash levels. As expected, deposit remixing and cost increases slowed meaningfully in the quarter. The full cycle interest bearing deposit beta remained stable at 43%, and we continue to expect a mid-40% deposit beta will be the peak this cycle. Asset yields benefited from the maturity and replacement of fixed rate loans and securities at current higher rate levels. This includes the repositioning of approximately $1 billion of securities late in the quarter with an estimated payback period of 2.6 years relative to the $50 million pre-tax loss recorded this quarter. Following our successful $750 million debt issuance in June, we used the proceeds to purchase a like amount of securities with a similar duration in order to maintain a relatively neutral balance sheet position and bolster liquidity. We believe net interest income has reached an inflection point and is expected to grow over the second half of the year as deposit trends continue to improve and the benefits of fixed rate asset turnover persist. As we move further into 2024, a stabilizing deposit and funding environment, along with securities repositioning and favorable debt issuance levels have pushed our expectation for net interest income towards the upper end of our $4.7 billion to $4.8 billion range. This narrow range portrays a well protected profile under a wide array of possible economic outcomes. Now, let's take a look at fee revenue performance this quarter. Adjusted non-interest income declined 3%, driven primarily by lower capital markets and mortgage income. If you recall, capital markets experienced seasonally elevated activity in the first quarter as several bills were pushed from the fourth quarter of 2023. Over time and in a more favorable interest rate environment, we expect our capital markets business can consistently generate quarterly revenue of approximately $100 million. But in the near term, we expect it will run around $70 million to $80 million per quarter. The decline in mortgage income was primarily driven by a positive $6 million adjustment to the company's mortgage pipeline valuation in the first quarter that did not repeat. While modestly lower versus the seasonally high first quarter, Treasury Management continues to perform exceptionally well. Versus the second quarter of last year, Treasury Management's client base has increased 6% while total revenue is up 8%. Helping to offset this quarter's fee income declines, wealth management increased 3% to a new quarterly record, reflecting increased sales activity and stronger markets. Based on a strong first half of the year, we now expect full year 2024 adjusted non-interest income to be at the top end of our $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion range. Let's move on to non-interest expense. Adjusted non-interest expense decreased 6% compared to the prior quarter, driven primarily by lower salaries and benefits, occupancy and professional fees. The improvement in salaries and benefits was attributable primarily to lower base salaries and seasonally higher HR related expenses in the first quarter. Operational losses also decreased during the quarter and current activity continues to normalize within expected levels. We continue to expect full year 2024 operational losses to be approximately $100 million. We remain committed to prudently managing expenses to fund investments in our business. We will continue focusing on our largest expense categories, which include salaries and benefits, occupancy and vendor spend. Based on results through the first half of the year, including outperformance in revenue and our expectation to be towards the top end of our previously provided full year revenue ranges, we now expect full year 2024 adjusted non-interest expenses to be between $4.15 billion and $4.2 billion. Regarding asset quality, as John indicated, overall credit performance improved during the quarter. Provision expense was essentially equal to net charge-offs at $102 million and the resulting allowance for credit loss ratio remained relatively stable at 1.78%. We expect full year 2024 net charge-offs to be towards upper end of our 40 to 50 basis point range attributable to a few large credits within our higher risk portfolios. However, those losses are fully reserved for. Assuming stable loan balances and a relatively stable economic outlook, we expect our ACL ratio to remain flat to declining over the second half of the year. Let's turn to capital and liquidity. We ended the quarter with an estimated common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.4%, while executing $87 million in share repurchases and $220 million in common dividends during the quarter. Earlier this week, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.25 per share, a 4% increase over the second quarter. This increase is in addition to the 20% increase last year, representing three consecutive years of robust dividend growth, well supported by underlying financial performance. Additionally, we received notification of our supervisory capital strength test results, including the primarily stress capital buffer, which will remain at 2.5% for the fourth quarter of 2024 through the third quarter of 2025. We expect to maintain our common equity Tier 1 ratio consistent with current levels over the near-term. This level will provide sufficient flexibility to meet proposed regulatory changes along the implementation timeline while supporting strategic growth objectives and allowing us to continue to increase the dividend and repurchase shares commensurate with earnings. With that, we'll move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Maybe just walk through some of the key drivers of the updated NII guidance. You're expecting some nice growth in the second half, and given that the Fed cuts won't be a material driver. Maybe just talk a little bit about the magnitude of the growth you're expecting? And can you maintain that pace beyond the second half and what does all this mean for where you think the margin can head over the medium term?
David Turner: So as we had mentioned last quarter, we're neutral to short term rates. And so the benefit that we see for this quarter, I think, going forward is, how we controlled our deposit costs. So our interest bearing costs were up 3 basis points. So the front book, back book benefit that we're getting is when you add securities and loans about, call it, 175 basis points is now overwhelming the change in deposit cost and we expect that to continue for the rest of the year. So we don't really need any cuts to help that. If we get them we get them but we're neutral to that. So we think the driver really going forward in addition to what I just mentioned will be balance sheet growth. And so we think that can help us to continue to grow NII. And when you look at all that we felt comfortable saying we'd be at the upper end of our range. We also did a repositioning trade and that'll help us march towards the upper end as well. So we think we're in pretty good shape. We get a little bit of loan growth for the back half of the year, it sets us up nicely for 2025.
Ryan Nash: Maybe as a follow-up on the expenses, the increase in expenses seems somewhat commensurate with the increase in revenue. So can you maybe just parse out how much of the increase in expenses was driven by better revenues? And is there maybe a pull forward of some expenses from next year in order to position you for improved positive operating leverage?
David Turner: Really, the increase is attributable to the expected increase in revenue, both NII and NIR that you mentioned. Our expectations for that for the year being at the upper end of our ranges, that's the primary driver. Also impacting the full year, we have about $20 million in expenses associated with market value adjustments on HR assets. And so that is what it is, we'll see if that reverses or not. And to a lesser extent, we experienced some modest incremental increases in the first half of the year, and the opportunities to offset that aren't likely. So it's important when you consider all this, our revenue and expense, that we are firmly committed to generating positive operating leverage over the back half of 2024.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: I was hoping maybe at a top level, you could please speak to the kind of the competitive backdrop for commercial lending. I mean, it seems like it's tough everywhere but it seems like everyone appropriately wants to be in the Southeast. So maybe just the overall competitive landscape. And then maybe if you could also please highlight just sort of in your own words or thoughts what it would take to generate better commercial loan demand at this point?
John Turner: So it is competitive, you're right. We're in great markets. We talk about that a lot. And as a result of that, we're seeing more and more competition. We think we're competing well. We believe our business is largely about the quality of our people, the execution of our plan, providing unique ideas and solutions to customers, those things differentiate us. And fundamentally, in our business, we think it is about talent. We continue to recruit across our markets and are having some good success doing that. As a result, we're seeing nice growth in our commercial middle market business, offset by declines in some of our specialized industries groups and in investor real estate, as you might imagine, as those portfolios pay down. But all-in-all, activity is still somewhat muted. Customers remain cautious given some concern about inflation cost, the political environment, just general uncertainty, but activity is improving. Pipelines are stronger than they were a year ago, certainly stronger than they were two quarters ago. And so while we're not projecting much loan growth for this year, we do believe that there is, and we would expect in 2025, I think, to likely see economic activity pickup, reflected by the increase in activity in our pipelines. So yes, it's competitive. We think we're competing effectively largely because of the quality of the teams that we continue to build and the long term relationships that we enjoy, and we'll continue to focus on that.
Scott Siefers: And then, David, just a quick one for you. You've done a couple of these incremental balance sheet repositionings, which has been great, especially as they've helped to sort of push up the NII expectation through the year. I think you speak in the deck to opportunities for further ones. Maybe if you could just sort of help put a frame of reference, would we look at similar or sort of [iterative] ones like this, what would be the size of the opportunities, et cetera?
David Turner: Yes, I think -- so we continue to look for opportunities like this, that's a good use of capital. We've got our capital ratio kind of where we needed to be. So to the extent we can use our capital accretion through earnings for something like this, it would be good to do. And this is about the size. This is probably the biggest you would see from us. It's in that 10% range of earnings. So we like to take opportunities to do this when our payback period is fairly tight. We like three years and in, this one -- the first one was 2.1 year payback period. This one was 2.6. And so if we could get an opportunity to do something in that three and one we might do that -- we may take advantage of that. The curve continues to steep and that really gives us an opportunity to take advantage of it as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: A question on the deposit side, just I think the plus 3 basis points on the interest bearing cost was probably a lot better, a lot lower than people thought. Just wondering if you can kind of talk us through what you're seeing underneath there in terms of where you're continuing to see some back book catch up and where you're starting to see the ability to kind of change price and how you kind of build that into that forward expectation?
David Turner: So our cumulative beta is 43%. We've said we'd be in the middle 40s, so call it 43% to 45%. We feel confident in that, because we understand our customer base. There still was some remixing going on. But because the industry didn't have a lot of loan growth the demand or the aggressive competition for deposits just has not been there. And we have to be competitive with our deposit rates and we think we are. We've been very short on things like CDs to take advantage of when we think rates may actually go the other way. So we have a lot of confidence though that it may tick up -- the deposit cost may tick up depending on how the mix shift happens. Continuing to grow core checking accounts and operating accounts is really important to us. And as a result, I don't think you're going to see a major change in our deposit cost. And therefore, our cumulative beta in that 45% range, I think, is important.
Ken Usdin: And then just a follow-up on just credit. Great to see the NPAs come down and also understanding your point that the few couple credits are fully reserved for. Can you just flush out your just general points on just how asset quality feels, what you're just seeing in underlying migration and any things that you're still just kind of watching out underneath the surface for the most?
John Turner: So we've indicated, I guess, for a couple of quarters that we thought our credit metrics would likely peak in the second quarter. And I think that's proven to be true. We've highlighted a couple of industries that we've been concerned about now for, again, a couple of quarters that's obviously asset classes, office, senior housing, transportation, manufacturing of commercial non-durables, information, are areas that we are following. The particular portfolios where we think there's been some systemic impacts, specifically office transportation, senior housing. Senior housing seems to be improving. Transportation still in a recession, particularly for those smaller transportation companies that are operating in the spot market but that may be improving modestly as well. Office, we're still working through really credit by credit. And we talked about office, we have 101 credits and about 40% of those are -- they are single tenant. So we're really working on about 60 to 70 relationships that are multi-tenant. We think we have a good handle on that exposure and are continuing to work through it. With respect to our guidance, our non-performing loans are centered in 20 credits that represent about 72% of our total non-performing loans. Five of those are office related. And in every case, we're working with a customer. In some instances, we're adding additional collateral to support the credit. We may be getting some additional tenant improvement money. We've got, I think, a pretty good approach to resolving the credits. We know -- we believe we are well reserved. Just as a point, we've been asked about our allowance. Allowance against our multi-tenant book is about 9.6%. Total allowance against our office book, 6.4%. So we feel like we're adequately reserved against the portfolio and we just have to continue to work through them. So our guide is charge-offs toward the upper end of a 40 to 50 basis point range, that reflects the fact that we do have some large exposures. The issue is we can't predict the timing. And so we'll expect these things will get resolved over the next two quarters, they may or they may not, but we continue to work on it. Otherwise, the level of downgrades and upgrades is sort of coming into equilibrium, which indicates again that we think we've reached a point of some stabilization in our credit metrics, should potentially see them go a little higher, go a little lower, they will ebb and flow, but we think we've reached a point of stability.
Dana Nolan: Does that complete your question?
Ken Usdin: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: Following up on Kens question on deposits. You're telling us and you've always had a good view of -- and you know your consumers [indiscernible] very well. I'm wondering as we contemplate these rate cuts, how we should expect sort of deposit balances to behave and then what the betas could look like? And David, if you could sort of break it down in terms of how you expect the betas in the commercial versus betas for consumer and also the [speed], it could be helpful as well.
David Turner: Erika, you broke up a little there, but I think it's kind of what do we think betas will look like as rates come down. So we do have a schedule in our investor deck. It's a good one for everybody to look at. It's on Page 18. And so we really have three buckets of deposits, if you will, with different beta assumptions in all three of these buckets. So in general, we expect a mid-30% down rate beta. And so if you think about 35% of those accounts reprice with the market so they're tied to an index or their short-term CDs. So we kept our tenors fairly short, call it, five months. So that as rates came down, we would have a chance to reprice that. And then the beta for those is somewhere between 80% and 100%. If you go to the other end of the spectrum, we had about 46% of our deposit base. It was low beta, low cost, never moved up, probably not going to move down. And so that beta is going to be very low, because it never actually increased. And we have about 19% thats kind of in the middle that we think is, call it, 20% to 30% beta. And so we structured our deposit book to really take advantage of rates as they come down. And were only factoring in, even though on the up rates, we had 45% beta, as I mentioned earlier. We've only factored in our guidance to have 30% as down rate. It could be better than that but the 30% comes from that math that I just walked you through, which again is on Page 18 of our Investor Day.
Erika Najarian: And it's been a while since we've had sort of had a level, where we stopped at when there has been an easing cycle that's above zero. And historically as we -- and I'm sure everybody's thinking about this as they're seeing through 2025 net interest income. Historically, where do you price relative to Fed funds? Do you price it -- if Fed funds ends up being at 3.50%, 3.75%, are you usually 50% of that in terms of where your deposit costs set up settle out? Is it better, is it worse? I'm just trying to think about. Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty as to what the ultimate rate path is going to be. But obviously we need help because we haven't had an easing cycle that didn't end at zero for some time.
David Turner: Yes, I think a little more globally and in terms of kind of fed funds and where do you think terminal fed funds are going to be 2.5% to 3% is kind of our best guess. When we get there? Who knows. And in that, with a normal yield curve where Fed funds are 2.5% to 3%, our balance sheet structured to have a margin that's going to be in the 3.75% range to maybe 3.80%. And so that's our expectation. We think as rates start to get cut from here and we have a normalizing or less inverted yield curve then our margin can pick up. We said we'd exit at 3.50% and then we should start to climb as our managed risk partners should start to increase a bit as we go through 2025 and beyond. But kind of the steady state for us would be 3.75% to 3.80% with the fed funds that's 2.5% to 3%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess, maybe David just looking at the Slide 18 with the historical sort of net charge-offs. Is it safe to conclude that absent recession 50 basis points of charge-offs should be sort of the high end in a non-recessionary environment? I understand any given quarter can move around. But generally, is there any reason why charge-offs could be elevated even in a non-recession going forward than what we've seen, I guess, over the last 10, 11 years?
John Turner: I mean, we don't believe so, Ebrahim. We have had a little change in the composition of our loan portfolio, since the pre-COVID timeframe. We acquired Ascentium Capital. We've acquired EnerBank. We believe we have a good handle on what those relative charge-offs or the contribution to charge-offs will be, but we're observing that, obviously, as we operate those companies. We have grown our presence in the corporate banking space. So as we've talked about before, we are taking some larger exposures, that's intentional, helps us as we think about growing our capital markets business being more important to customers. And so from time to time, as you acknowledge, we could have a large charge-off that would impact the numbers. But generally, we believe based on all our observations that the 40 to 50 basis point range is historically appropriate and where we should operate over time. Similarly, non-performing loans somewhere between 80 and 100 basis points is a reasonable range. We may be a little higher -- a little lower from time to time, I wouldn't expect us frankly to be much higher. But that's kind of our view of what our credit metrics will look like given the composition of the portfolios that we currently have.
Ebrahim Poonawala: And I guess, I think I heard you say in your prepared remarks that pipelines, lending pipelines are beginning to pick up. Give us a sense like do we need rate cuts for that pipelines to begin to translate or do we need to get through the elections in order to get things going? Like what would be the driver to get customers off the sidelines start borrowing? And also give us a sense of just from a [office] standpoint, where is the bank hiring? Obviously, there's a lot going on across your markets competitively. What -- where are we investing in terms of branches or hiring of bankers, et cetera, that would be helpful?
John Turner: So maybe I'll work backwards. We're investing in markets like Atlanta, Nashville, Houston, Dallas, Orlando, Tampa, where we either have had a significant presence over time and see an opportunity to grow or have made investment like in Houston. And so the first three or four markets, we've been there for some time. We have a strong presence. We're continuing to build on that. Markets like Houston and Dallas, we're making investments to grow and see real opportunity there. With respect to your question about pipelines, I think, I'm trying to remember the question now. I see, somebody help me
Ebrahim Poonawala: Yes. What would be the catalyst for like when you talk -- speak to your customers, pipelines are building. Is it rate cuts, is it
John Turner: So I think, eliminating uncertainty, but cost is the bigger issue. I spent some time this week talking to one of our customers who is a large supplier of construction materials and he indicated that they're getting a lot of requests for bids, they're completing a lot of bids, but they're not seeing a lot of work awarded. And I think that's consistent with the fact that costs are still high, whether itd be interest cost, labor cost, cost of materials. And it is costs that make things somewhat uneconomic or create more risk than customers are comfortable with. And so, I think we need to continue to see adjustments in pricing. At the same time, I expect that our customers will continue to adjust their operations to accommodate changes in pricing. I think that's the bigger factor. The election probably has some impact on just uncertainty overall as do the broader geopolitical events that are occurring. But I believe it's probably more likely interest rates and costs will be the catalyst as those things come down for more economic activity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Just on the expenses, the guidance kind of towards the upper end of the range. Is that just because the fees are coming in higher or anything else in terms of like increased investment spend to top that off as well?
David Turner: As I mentioned earlier, the increase is largely attributable to the expected increase in revenue both from a net interest income and non-interest revenue standpoint. And we also had $20 million in expenses associated with the market value adjustments on HR related assets, that was a piece. And to a lesser extent, we've experienced some modest incremental increases in the first half of the year, and opportunities to offset that just aren't likely. However, as I mentioned earlier, we are committed to generating positive operating leverage in the second half of this year.
Matt O'Connor: And then as you look out a little bit longer term, I'm not trying to pin you down '25, but just call it like the medium term the next couple of years. What do you think is a good underlying expense growth as we think about some of the positives you mentioned before like loan growth picking up, maybe the higher capital markets run rate? What would you think is a reasonable level?
David Turner: You didn't want to press down to '25 but you added '26 on there. Every year we go through a challenging discussion as to what we think expenses ought to be for our budget and going forward. If you look, we do have a slide in our investor deck that shows that our compound annual growth rate since about 2016 is a little over 3%. We try to keep it to 2.5% if we can. We've had some labor inflation as everybody has over the last couple of years. And obviously, technology costs continue to go up. So I would expect us to be somewhere, Matt, in that 2.5% to 3% range. And not committing to that just yet, we'll give you the guidance for '25 in January, but that should give you at least a start.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Spahr with Wells Fargo.
Chris Spahr: So this is just a follow-up I think to Ebrahim's question. So youve had a good -- you are on pace and have a good mid single digit or 7% growth I think in core fees this year. What do you think Regions can achieve over the next two to three years with all the tactical hires you've kind of made and when they start monetizing? And iff fees are about 33% of revenues, what do you think that could be in three to five years?
David Turner: Well, we continue to look for ways to generate fees by offering products and services that our customers value and need. And so you've seen us do several acquisitions to that end. We're trying to stay committed to generating positive operating leverage between growth in NII and NIR and controlling our expense base. So I think we'll continue to do that and expect to generate positive operating leverage in 25%. We'll give you a finer point on that again in January. But if we could have a little higher percentage of our fees, we've always said we would like to have revenue 50/50 between NII and NIR. We've been saying that for a long time and been able to get there. But if we could increase that, call it, 40% of our revenue and fees that'd be great. We've overcome an awful lot of consumer fee declines, whether it'd be interchange through Durbin, OD fees and the like. And we've made investments in other products and services that have helped us, including treasury management investments that we've made where we've been up, call it, 7% to 10% three years running now. So wealth management continues to grow. They had a great quarter this quarter hit a record as a matter of fact. So we're going to continue to look for ways to generate fee growth that offset some -- we have some potential impacts if Durbin gets updated, we've given you that information. So I think it's incumbent upon us to continue to look for ways to continue to grow.
Chris Spahr: And then regarding capital on Slide10. Just do you have any kind of target or aspirational target that you have for CET1 all then if it's 8.2 at quarter end?
David Turner: So we have a capital range -- operating range of $9.25 to $9.75 on CET1. We've increased that to 10 point -- this quarter, 10.4%. The reason for that was partly uncertainty with the economy and then uncertainty with regards to Basel III and what that was going to mean to us. We have seen the draft of B3 that as has everybody. And we think we're within striking distance of whatever the ultimate Basel III is going to be. And so we don't need to let our capital continue to accrete higher from here. And as a result, if we generate income, we'll continue to pay a fair dividend. We will continue to look for ways to reposition our securities portfolio if that makes sense. And if all else doesn't work then we'll buy our stock back. And we've done all three of those things this past. And of course, we use that to grow loans as well. And you should look for us to continue that. And so the capital of CET1 of 10.3%, 10.4% is about where you should expect it to be going forward, until we ultimately get Basel III.
Chris Spahr: So that implies you were kind of -- there was a decline in your buybacks in the second quarter. So we should expect a meaningful increase in the third and fourth quarter?
David Turner: Well, commensurate with earnings and if we -- the reason that we had changed, we used a bit of that capital for the $50 million pretax loss we took on the securities repositioning. So it's all predicated on how big, if any, of our capital generation will we use for that. The buyback is nothing more than what it takes to solve for getting us to 10.3% to 10.4% common equity Tier 1.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: John, you and I have talked in the past about pipelines and you emphasized that they are stronger today than they have been recently. And I know it's hard to quantify this. But can you give us any kind of subjective opinion that these pipelines, the pull through could be even better than in the past or any color there?
John Turner: I don't know that I have an opinion, Gerard, that it would be any different than our historical experience. I do think that -- and we are seeing, as I said, pipelines build. We have seen some softness in some of our specialized businesses and those pipelines, in particular, are beginning to improve, particularly in areas like energy as an example, financial services, where we also include our subscription lines and our -- that would be comprised of our insurance book of some of the businesses where we're lending to customers who actually lend to others. We've got some strong relationships in consumer finance that have been really good over time. But I can't tell you that I believe necessarily that we're going to see any change in pull through rates.
Gerard Cassidy: And I know, David, you've given us very good detail on the CET1 and uses of capital for buybacks of the securities repositioning. Possibly, John or David or both of you, can you give us your views on acquisitions? I know you, over the recent past, have done non-depository acquisitions of course. But when you look out over the next two or three years, there's likely to be more banking consolidation. How do you kind of look at that outlook for Regions?
John Turner: We have said, historically, that we've not been interested in depository acquisition. We've obviously made a number of non-bank acquisitions that have added to our capabilities, helped us grow and diversify our revenue, and we continue to look for those. We believe that we have a really solid plan. If we execute our plan that we can generate top quartile returns for our shareholders. Without doing any bank M&A, it's disruptive, it's challenging. We certainly have over time through our performance improved our positioning. Our currency is much stronger than it was six, seven years, 10 years ago. But we still don't think that bank acquisition necessarily is in our future. It's not part of our strategy today. As I said, it's disruptive, it's complicated. And frankly, if we just execute our plan, we think we can deliver great results for our shareholders. That's not to say we won't follow what's going on, we'll pay attention and we will continue to observe the market. But today, we're focused on executing our plans.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: Back to credit, your ACL ratio came down slightly this quarter by about a bit. And just given what you're seeing on the credit front, given your commentary that your trends are peaking around this quarter on certain fronts. Where do you see the reserve ratio going from here? If you can kind of walk through the expectations if you could see incremental release on that front?
David Turner: So as we stated, if you look at our credit metrics, they're improving. We said our charge-offs would be at the upper end of our range. And so, those are reserved for. So the expectation would be absent loan growth or changes in economic conditions as those charge-offs come through, you wouldn't expect -- you would expect the ACL to come down. Where it comes down ultimately, which is what I think your question is, it's hard to tell. We have to look at it every quarter and take all the information that's available to come up with the reserve. Something that you cant look at just as a guide is if you were to go to pre-pandemic or pre-CECL, which was the fourth quarter of '19 and in that scenario, credit was kind of looking pretty good, there was a little bit of a forecasted downturn in the economy at that time, and our absolute CECL reserve was 1.71%. If you take the losses though at that time by portfolio and apply it to our current portfolio, that would equate to a reserve level of [1.61], I think we put that on the bottom of one of our charts. And so you would expect over-time to bleed back-down towards something more normal like that. How fast that gets there, when it can get there? That's impossible for us to tell. But generally speaking, what we know today is that if we have charge-offs coming through in the short term, you should you should see the ACL come down.
John Pancari: I know you expected it flat-to-down, but helping frame it like that is definitely helpful. And then secondly, on the expense front as a follow-up to Matt's question, I know you're confident in the positive operating leverage in the back half of this year. And it sounds like you're focusing on positive operating leverage for next year as well. Your long term expense growth rate that you alluded to in your response of 2.5% to 3%, that's a bit above where it looks like consensus is running right now around 2% for next year. I guess, where are you investing in areas that could put you in that 2.5% to 3% range versus anywhere lower? And maybe if you could talk about what that would mean for a longer term efficiency ratio that you should be running at?
David Turner: So we're going to give you more pointed guidance for 2025 later. So we're not trying to get ahead of ourselves. Generally speaking, inflation that's baked into our book is going to be closer to that 2.5%, our largest category of expense for salaries and benefits. And so we have to adequately pay our people. And we are also investing in technology, cyber, consumer compliance, all those things take a lot of money to continue to invest in, to improve in all those areas. We have to find ways to pay for that and that's what gets harder as we've -- the low hanging fruit is not there. We've done a really good job of controlling our expense base, we have one of the lowest efficiency ratios in the peer group. We were hoping to get to the lower 50s over time and we think we can do that. But we're going to have to leverage technology better over time than we do today and I think that's going to be true for anybody in the industry. And so by doing that, you have less reliance on labor. And so you can let natural attrition take care of labor as you implement technology solutions. So we're spending, call it, 9% to 11% of our revenue on technology. We have some big technology projects in the works with our new deposit system and new commercial loan system, new general ledger, those take money. We got to figure out how to pay for that and keep our expense run rate as low as we can. So our goal is to try to continue to move our efficiency ratio down from where we are today to get to that lower 50s.
John Pancari: And since you mentioned the deposit system, is that still running on plan?
David Turner: It's a big project and it's moving according to how we have it laid out, but we've got a long way to go. So we're not there yet.
John Turner: Yes, it's running on plan, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: I just want to make sure I heard you right on the NIM, normalized NIM in normalized rate environment. So if I heard you correctly, it was -- normalized rate environment starts with the Fed funds that's somewhat similar to inflation, right, like 2.5% and 3%. And you have a steep curve from there or a steep normal curve, not inverted. And in that environment on a full year basis, you're saying that your normalized NIM should be somewhere in the 3.75% to 3.80% range. Is that right?
David Turner: That's right. You got it.
Betsy Graseck: And that based on the forward curve that would be again sometime in '25 or '26?
David Turner: Yes, that's right.
Betsy Graseck: And then obviously that's higher than your NIM that you had this quarter. Could you just walk -- and I know you spent a lot of time on the NII and the NIM in the beginning part of the call. I just want to make sure I understand the key drivers that take you from where your NIM is today to that normalized.
David Turner: Well, I think as rates continue to come down, our funding cost, our input cost will come down as well. And the power of our front book, back book will continue to benefit us for a couple of years. So with the curve steepening and the repricing of the balance sheet, that's what drives you up from where you are in the 3.50s to that 3.75 range that we just talked about. It's just about what period of time. We think we have our beta down -- I mean, down rate beta in the mid-30s, we think is appropriate, perhaps conservative. And so it's an important driver to get the input cost down. And to continue to grow the balance sheet and grow, we have some high yielding assets that have higher losses, but they have nice returns, nice net interest margins. Continuing to grow checking accounts of a consumer and operating accounts of a business are huge drivers to lowering the input cost on deposits. And so that's why it's so important for us continue to make investments in the markets that John mentioned earlier for both of those reasons in the consumer side and business side to get those checking accounts and operating accounts.
Betsy Graseck: So should I read it as you are liability sensitive or do I read it as, you are neutral with these changes that drive the NIM higher or you're asset sensitive but decliningly so as rates fall?
David Turner: We're neutral to short rates. And so to the extent, we start seeing rate cuts, then you're going to see our deposit costs continuing to come down. And we still have fixed rate assets, so well continue to help benefit NII and the margin. And what will happen is the curve will steepen. Obviously, if you stay anchored on the long end and short rate comes down and we'll benefit from that as well.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to John Turner for closing comments.
John Turner: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. We are again proud of our quarter, proud of our team thats executing our plans so well. We appreciate your interest in our company. Have a great weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's quarterly earnings call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Christine. Welcome to Regions First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding our results. The earning documents include a forward-looking statement disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A. I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. This morning, we reported first quarter earnings of $343 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.37. However, adjusted items reconciled within our earnings supplement and press release, representing an approximate $0.07 negative impact on our reported results. For the first quarter, total revenue was $1.7 billion on a reported basis and $1.8 billion on an adjusted basis as both net interest income and fee revenue demonstrated resiliency in the face of lingering macroeconomic and political uncertainty. Adjusted noninterest expenses increased quarter-over-quarter and is expected to represent the high watermark for the year as seasonal impacts offset our ongoing expense management actions. Average loans were lower quarter-over-quarter, reflecting limited client demand, client selectivity, paydowns and an increase in debt capital markets activities. Average and ending deposits continued to grow during the quarter, consistent with seasonal patterns. Credit continues to perform in line with our expectations. While pressure remains within pockets of business lending, our consumers remain strong and healthy. We anticipate overall asset quality will perform consistent with historical levels experienced prior to the pandemic. In closing, we feel good about the successful execution of our strategic plan as evidenced by our solid top line revenue, which allows us to continue delivering consistent, sustainable long-term performance while focused on soundness, profitability and growth. Now David will provide some highlights regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet. Average and ending loans decreased modestly on a sequential quarter basis. Within the business portfolio, average loans declined 1% as modest increases associated with funding previously approved in investor real estate construction loans were offset by declines in C&I lending. Approximately $870 million of C&I loans were refinanced off of balance sheet through the debt capital markets during the quarter. Average consumer loans remained relatively stable as growth in residential mortgage, EnerBank and consumer credit card were offset by declines in home equity and run-off portfolios. We expect 2024 average loans to be stable to down modestly compared to 2023. From a deposit standpoint, deposits increased on average and ending basis, which is typical for the first quarter tax refund season. In the second quarter, we expect to see declines in overall balances, reflecting the impact of tax payments. The mix of deposits continue to shift from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing products, though the pace of remixing has continued to slow. Our analysis of the trends and overall customer spending behavior gives us confidence that by midyear, we'll have a noninterest-bearing mix in the low 30% area which corresponds to approximately $1 billion to $2 billion of potential further decline in low interest savings and checking balances. So let's shift to net interest income. As expected, net interest income declined by approximately 4% linked quarter, and the net interest margin declined 5 basis points. Deposit, remixing and cost increases continue to pressure net interest income. The full rising rate cycle interest-bearing deposit beta is now 43%, and we continue to expect to peak in the mid-40% range. Offsetting this pressure, asset yields continue to benefit from higher rates through the maturity and replacement of lower-yielding fixed-rate loans and securities. We expect net interest income to reach a bottom in the second quarter followed by growth over the second half of the year as deposit trends continue to improve and the benefits of fixed rate asset turnover persist. The narrow 2024 net interest income range between $4.7 billion and $4.8 billion portrays a well-protected profile under a wide array of possible economic outcomes. Performance in the range will be driven mostly by our ability to reprice deposits. A relatively small portion of interest-bearing deposit balances is responsible for the majority of the deposit cost increase this cycle, mostly index deposits and CDs. We have taken steps to increase flexibility such as shortening promotional CD maturities and reducing promotional rates. If the Fed remains on hold, net interest income likely falls in the lower half of the range, assuming modest incremental funding cost pressure. So let's take a look at fee revenue, which experienced strong performance this quarter. Adjusted noninterest income increased 6% during the quarter as most categories experienced growth, particularly capital markets. Improvement in capital markets was driven by increased real estate, debt capital markets and M&A activity. A portion of both real estate and M&A activities were pushed into the first quarter from year-end as clients delayed transactions. Late in the first quarter, we also closed on the bulk purchase of the rights to service $8 billion of residential mortgage loans. We have a low-cost servicing model. So you'll see us continue to look for additional opportunities. We continue to expect full year 2024 adjusted noninterest income to be between $2.3 billion and $2.4 billion. Let's move on to noninterest expense. Adjusted noninterest expense increased 6% compared to the prior quarter, driven primarily by seasonal HR-related expenses and production-based incentive payments. Operational losses also ticked up during the quarter. The increase is attributable to check-related warranty claims from deposits that occurred last year. Despite this increase, current activity has normalized to expected levels, and we continue to expect full year 2024 operational losses to be approximately $100 million. We remain committed to prudently managing expenses to fund investments in our business. We will continue focusing on our largest expense categories, which include salaries and benefits, occupancy and vendor spend. We continue to expect full year 2024 adjusted noninterest expenses to be approximately $4.1 billion with first quarter representing the high watermark for the year. From an asset quality standpoint, overall credit performance continues to normalize as expected. Adjusted net charge-offs increased 11 basis points driven primarily by a large legacy restaurant credit and one commercial manufacturing credit. As a reminder, we exited our fast casual restaurant vertical in 2019 and the remaining portfolio is relatively small. Total nonperforming loans and business services criticized loans increased during the quarter and continue to normalize towards historical averages, while total delinquencies improved 11%. Nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans increased to 94 basis points due primarily to downgrades within industries previously identified as under stress. We expect NPLs to continue to normalize towards historical averages. Provision expense was $152 million or $31 million in excess of net charge-offs, resulting in a 6 basis point increase in the allowance for credit loss ratio to 1.79%. The increase to our allowance was primarily due to adverse risk migration and continued credit quality normalization, and incrementally higher qualitative adjustments for risk in certain portfolios previously identified as under stress. We continue to expect our full year 2024 net charge-off ratio to be between 40 and 50 basis points. Let's turn to capital and liquidity. We expect to maintain our common equity Tier 1 ratio consistent with current levels over the near term. This level will provide sufficient flexibility to meet proposed changes along with the implementation timeline while supporting strategic growth objectives and allowing us to continue to increase the dividend commensurate with earnings. We ended the quarter with an estimated common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.3%, while executing $102 million in share repurchases and $220 million in common dividends during the quarter. With that, we'll move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: David, just following up on your comments around noninterest-bearing deposits sitting mid -- I guess, low 30% by mid-2024. Just give us a sense of if we don't get any rate cuts, do you see that dipping below 30% based on what you're seeing in terms of customer behavior and just use of balances as I'm assuming there's some attrition on consumer balances that's at play here? So like where do you see that mix bottoming out? And what's the latest that you are seeing in terms of pricing competition across the markets?
David Turner: Yes. So from a balance standpoint, we still feel pretty confident based on flows that we have seen and expect that we'd be in that low 30% range. We continue to look to grow noninterest-bearing balances through new checking accounts, new operating accounts. That's what's important to us. That's what fuels our profitability. And so being in the favorable places, in particular, in the Southeast where there's migration of businesses, people give us some comfort that we can grow there. We talked about deposits bottoming out this first half of the year and then maybe growing a little bit from there. So I think that low 30% range is a good -- still a good level. With regards to competition on pricing, I think at the end of the day, we haven't seen, across the industry, a lot of loan growth. And as a result of that, competition for deposits is not as strong as it could have been had we had a lot of loan demand. We always have competition. We have to be fair and balanced with our customers and making sure that we are creating value. And so we look at what our competitors are doing from a price standpoint, and we adjust accordingly. But there's nothing unusual that's happening there. And I think the biggest driver of that is because of the lack of loan growth.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's helpful. And just a separate question. As we think about capital deployment that you outlined on Slide 10, is there more to go in terms of just the appetite for securities repositioning? And how much should we expect in terms of what you did in 1Q with regards to the lift in the second quarter to bond yields?
David Turner: Yes. So we consistently challenge ourselves on what's the best use of our capital that we generate. Obviously, we're at a robust 10.3% common equity Tier 1. We think we're close enough to be in striking distance on whatever the regime changes with regards to capital. And again, with loan growth being muted in the industry, we want to pay a fair dividend. So we're generating capital that needs to be put to work. We either buy the shares back or we do things like securities repositioning. We did the $50 million in the first quarter. We'll continue to look for opportunities. I would say that proof is not as close to the ground as it was because we want to keep our payback less than 3 years and frankly closer to 2.5 if we can get it. Our payback in this last trade was about 2.1. And so we think that was a great use of capital for us. And so we'll look to do that, but we're not committing to it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Robert Siefers: I was hoping you could please flesh out some of the rationale behind the softened loan growth outlook. I certainly understand it, given the backdrop and what we're seeing in the H8 data. But it in ways contrast with some peers who might be expecting more of an acceleration in the second half. So just curious to hear your updated thoughts on customer demand and how they're thinking.
David Turner: Well, on the consumer side, as we mentioned, we did a pretty good job growing mortgage, growing EnerBank, growing card, but it was offset by declines in the home equity which made consumers flat. Consumers are actually in really good shape. Now we feel good about that, we just don't see a lot of loan growth -- net-net loan growth. Relative to commercial, depending on the industry, some industries are blowing and going, and others are being careful at this point. We've had nice production, but we've had payoffs and pay downs. And of course, this past quarter, we had $870 million of debt placements through our M&A group that helped us from an NIR standpoint, but obviously hurt us from a balance standpoint. If we start seeing rates actually decline, that activity will pick up. And so net-net, it's going to be hard to grow meaningfully through all of that activity. And we're fine with that. We don't need to push. In this environment, there's still uncertainty. We don't need to push for loan growth. We need to be careful on client selectivity. John has talked about that numerous times. And we want to be careful. We clearly have the capital and liquidity to do so. And if we see opportunities, we'll grow, but we're not going to force it.
Robert Siefers: Okay. Perfect. And then separately, I was hoping you could discuss the additional operational losses. it was definitely glad to see no change to the full year expectation, though they were elevated in the first quarter. Maybe just an additional color. Were there new instances of the issues that have cropped up last year? Or were these just sort of true-ups? And what gives you confidence that all the issues are still resolved and everything?
John Turner: Yes. This is John. So there were no new events. The tail was, with respect to the breach of warranty claims, was a little longer than we anticipated. And as a result, we did incur some additional losses in the quarter. What gives us confidence that we can meet our expectations is the exit rate for the quarter was significantly reduced, which implies that the countermeasures we put in place, the talent that we've recruited for our fraud prevention activities, all of that is working and gives us confidence that we can and in fact, meet our $100 million target for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: So one question just on how we're thinking about NII for the full year in relation to loan growth being a little slower. So I just wanted to understand, your NII guide obviously, is the same as it was before. Loan growth expectations, a little slower understandably so. How do I square those things?
David Turner: Well, loan growth, we had talked about being in the back half of the year. So you weren't going to get a lot of carry from loan growth in our guidance. And so really what we want to see loan growth for the back half of the year is setting us up for 2025, not for 2024. So that was never factored into the guidance that we gave you on NII. We feel good about where we're positioned from a balance sheet standpoint with basically neutral to short-term rates. And we have a little bit of shape to the curve where we reinvest our securities book and we're picking up a little over 200 basis points -- 235 basis points on that, front book, back book. So that gives us confidence there that we're going to do pretty well with regards to the NII. And if you look at the input cost, so our deposit cost, they've also started to flatten. If we look at the months of February and March, there was little change in our deposit costs. So our cumulative beta, which is at 43 today, we said would be in the mid-40s. We have a lot of confidence in that. So that's why we didn't change our NII guide.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Got it. That makes a lot of sense. And then just on the securities repositioning that you talked about on Slide 5, is it? Just wanted to understand how you're thinking about the go forward here. You added some duration, again, makes sense, but wanted to know if you're thinking of leaning in even more? Like how long will -- are you comfortable extending the duration of the securities book is basically the question.
David Turner: Well, our extension duration was only like .12, 12 basis points a year. So negligible. And from our standpoint, especially if you believe the risk of rates going up is very low, i.e., you believe they're either flat to down, then perhaps taking a little duration risk where we can get compensated for make some sense today. Our duration naturally is declining. So doing a trade to kind of keep it flat to modestly higher than where we are right now, it seems to make sense. And it's a good use of capital. If we can get a payback, like I said, the one we just did, our payback's 2.1 years. We'd like it to be less than 3, closer to 2.5 if we can. And so while we won't commit to doing that, we would look at it. And if we did it, it would be no more than what you just experienced. We want to keep it at a fairly small percentage of our pretax income.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: On the credit front, saw about a moderate increase in nonperformers in the quarter. However, your loan loss reserve is pretty stable despite the move-in reserves. So -- I mean, not performance, so I just want to see if you get a little bit of color on how you're thinking about the reserves here? And also, maybe if you can give a little bit more color behind the nonperformers.
John Turner: Yes. John, maybe I'll start. This is John Turner. First of all, we began signaling now a couple of quarters ago, stress in a couple of specific portfolios or industries: office, senior housing, transportation, health care, specifically goods and services, and technology. And the increases that we are seeing in nonaccrual loans and classified loans are largely consistent with the indication that there is stress in those particular industries. In fact, when you look at our nonaccruals, 21% of our -- 21 of our nonaccruals -- excuse me, 21 credits make up 72% of our nonaccruals, and 18 of those 21 credits are in those 5 sectors that I mentioned. So we did anticipate that we would see some deterioration, and that's been consistent with our expectations. The second thing I'd point to is several quarters ago, we began to set the expectation that we would return to pre-pandemic historical levels of credit metrics. And specifically, that would be an average charge-off ratio of about 46 basis points, and nonaccruals of 105 basis points. And again, we are -- we have trended back to those ranges, which is consistent with our expectations. With regard to the allowance, we go through the process every quarter to ensure that we're properly reserved against expectation for loss in those portfolios. Given that we have a very high degree of visibility into the 21 credits that make up 72% of our nonaccruals, you can expect that we feel very good about our reserve position.
John Pancari: Okay. Great. And then separately, on the expense front, I know you mentioned that the first quarter should represent the high watermark on expenses. Is that primarily because of the elevated operating losses? Or do you expect some building efficiencies through the remainder the year, either given the backdrop or given the revenue picture?
David Turner: John, several things. And we have probably $75 million worth of expense we can point to on different front. So part of it is operational losses that we don't think will repeat. We obviously have the first quarter issues with regards to payroll taxes and things of that nature. We had HR asset valuation that's offset in NIR that's a part of that, too. We have some things in occupancy and professional fees. If you add all that up, it's about $75 million, and we have pretty good confidence that, that won't repeat. We tried to signal that the first quarter was going to be the high watermark and that you couldn't take the $4.1 billion and divide by 4, and we're sticking to that, and we're sticking to our guidance that we have. And we have pretty good confidence. We did take some actions this quarter like we did in the fourth quarter from a severance standpoint. Now the first quarter has the normal expense of payroll for those folks in addition to the severance. So that won't repeat. So all of that, like I said, adds up to right around $75 million.
John Turner: And that's just -- we have other opportunities to reduce expenses as well. That's just an indicator of what we can pretty quickly identify it won't repeat.
John Pancari: And if I could ask just one follow-up related to that. Is your -- the status of your core systems conversion. Is that still trending as expected in terms of timing and cost?
John Turner: It is. Yes. We, in fact, just had a Board meeting this week and went through all that detail with our Board. We feel good about the project and the progress that we're making and our ability to stay on budget on time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin: Wondering if we -- David, you could talk a little bit about that bullet you put in on Slide 5 about stable deposit costs, February to March. And what our takeaway should be in terms of mix shift pricing movement, et cetera, and I know you talked about still mid-40s deposit betas, but just what's changing underneath in terms of that stability that you're starting to see?
David Turner: Yes. Part of -- one of the big reasons we put that in there is because our deposit cost change was higher than what you're seeing from peers, but that's because of what we did in the fourth quarter, and you had a full quarter effect of that. Now that we've kind of got that baked into the base, and we start seeing offers and things of that nature on the deposit offerings coming down, the exit in February and March gives us a lot of confidence that those deposit costs are stabilizing and therefore, we have a lot of confidence in our cumulative beta band in the mid-40s. So a couple of more points from where we are today.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. And I guess as a follow-up, are you starting to change pricing, change offers, bring in duration? What are you doing in terms of trying to take that point further?
David Turner: Yes, that's a good point, Kenneth. So yes, we started that last quarter. Actually, we had some CD maturities coming that were longer dated 12-, 13-month CDs and we went shorter in the 5- to 7-month range that to be able to reprice those this year with the original expectation the rates would be coming down sooner than they probably are now. And so -- yes. And we can see from a competitive standpoint, we want to be competitive, we don't have to lead with price, but we do need to be fair and balanced. And so you're starting to see the benefit of having the promotional rates coming down here.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. And on that last point about the higher for longer, you've talked about the $12 billion to $14 billion of fixed rate production for a while now and you say that's per year. Has the benefit from that also -- does that get better and higher for longer? And how does that differ when you think about this year versus next year?
David Turner: Yes, I would say marginally higher for longer because you have a lot of securities that are repricing, that we're picking up about 235 basis points today. We're picking up, call it, 125 basis points on the loan side. So if you get -- and we expect to get the deposit costs stabilized then you don't -- then the repricing can actually start overwhelming the costs that you had on the deposit side. That has not been the case thus far. It's been just the opposite. So you're going to see that turn, which is why we're calling the bottom for us in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Rochester with Compass Point.
David Rochester: Just on credit regarding the large restaurant credit and the commercial manufacturing credit, could you guys quantify the impacts on net charge-offs and provision this quarter? And if you could just give some additional background on where you are in the resolution process there, that'd be great.
David Turner: So if you were to look at those two added together, just those two made about 7 basis points of charge-offs. So if we didn't have those two, our 50 would have been 43.
David Rochester: Great. And then where are you guys in the process of resolving those?
David Turner: Say that again?
David Rochester: Where are you in the process of resolving those credits?
John Turner: They're both still being worked out.
David Rochester: Okay. And I guess just bigger picture with you reiterating the net charge-off guide here for the year of 40 to 50 bps, you're at the high end of that right now. So you're expecting that to either remain stable here or decline through the end of the year, and you have confidence around that?
John Turner: Yes, we do.
David Rochester: Great. And then just switching to deposits with the recent inflation data that's been elevated and the shift to expectations to fewer rate cuts this year, are you noticing any impact from any of that on your corporate deposit customers' behavior at all? Are you seeing any change in activity there? And does that impact your expected range of NIB remix at all for the year?
David Turner: No. Our NIB largely comes from our consumer base. We do obviously have a big NIB on the commercial side. I think folks that were going to move out of NIB to seek rate have done so. And we think that that's why we're calling for our NIB to decline a little bit but still stay in the low 30% range. And they all just want to maintain a little bit more liquidity going into a cycle that still has uncertainty, geopolitical risk, our own elections this year. But no, I don't think from an inflation standpoint, we're going to see a huge change from NIB.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor: Was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on some of the fee trends the deposit service charges were up nicely. And I know the treasury management is a big part and a positive driver, but there is weaker seasonality. So I was wondering if you can scale that out.
John Turner: Yes. So if you look at -- just talk about fee revenue across different parts of the business. Treasury management is up 7% year-over-year, and that's a reflection both of increases in fees and increases in relationships and activities. So the nice growth in that business. Similarly, wealth management is up over 6% year-over-year, which is both reflective of increases in asset valuations and increases in assets held for customers increasing relationships. We also saw a really nice increase in mortgage activity during the quarter, and we would expect that to continue. Consumer fees are down modestly, and that's a reflection really of the implementation of all the changes we've made to benefit customers with respect to overdrafts. And more specifically, as a result of the implementation of overdraft grades, we've seen about a 25% reduction in the number of customers who are actually overdrawn. So that is resulting in some decline in fee revenue, offset by our -- currently by interchange activity and customers use of their debit cards. So generally, fee income is solid. We're seeing good growth in the wholesale parts of our business and in wealth management that reflect growth in relationships and growth in activities.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. And then capital markets, that also came in strong, and I think you've had this like $60 million to $80 million range in the past with wind for upside. And yes, just talk to, were there any deals that -- just talk to how sustainable you think that is? Obviously, it's somewhat market dependent, but a little more color on the 1Q driver there and the thoughts going forward.
John Turner: Yes. I think we still stick to that range generally and incorporate our expectations for capital markets into the broader guidance of around $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion in adjusted NIR. But we do see good pipelines. Capital markets activity is picking up. There's more M&A activity. We're seeing more customers go to the institutional market to raise debt, which has been helpful. Our M&A activity was pretty diverse during the quarter. And then real estate capital markets, which is a really important business for us is also very active. And so we feel pretty good about the $60 million to $80 million range for the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
David Turner: Gerard, before you ask your question, let me clean something up from a question that just came up in terms of the, what's the charge-off percentage would have been had we not had those two large credits. I said 7 basis points. It's 13 basis points actually. So we would have been at 37 had we not had those two. I didn't do the math correctly. I just want to make sure that gets fixed in the transcript.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. All set?
John Turner: Gerard, fire away.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you give us an update where the proposal is going for the long-term debt? And when do you think that will be finalized in the NPR that's out there? And second, as part of that, what your latest estimate is? I know you've given us some color on this in the past, but what's your latest estimate and what it might cost you once you have to -- and your peers, of course, have to issue the debt and carry higher levels of debt?
David Turner: Yes. So Gerard, the whole Basel III and long-term debt has kind of gone into a little bit of a hold at the time. We're not sure when that will get taken care of. We suspect it will be this year at some point. The proposal on debt was to have 6% of RWA, which is about $7 billion for us. To give you credit for what you have outstanding, which is a couple of billion. So you're talking about raising $5 billion. We can leverage that and put it to work. And it wasn't a terrible drag on NII, less than 1% drag on NII for us. It's fully implemented and this was going to take time to do that. We need to have some -- our $2 billion of existing long-term debt is -- it's something we were going to address just in a natural order of things. But with loan growth being muted, there's no need to go out and raise debt if you don't have to have it. We're hoping that the proposal cuts down from the 6% number. There's been talk of it maybe being in the 2% to 3% range of RWA, but we don't know. We'll just have to adapt and overcome when the new rule gets put out.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then as a follow-up, you've been very clear about the identification of the stress portfolios with credit. In your prepared comments, David, you mentioned that some of the increase in the nonperformers was due to -- I think you said, yes, some of it was due to the downgrades in certain -- in those industries that you have identified. Can you share with us what -- within those downgrades, what process -- or not the process, but what caused the downgrades? Was it debt service coverage? Was it the business, the borrowers' business is deteriorating for some reason? Can you give a little more color on the downgrade part of that?
David Turner: Gerard, usually, we're seeing strength in consumers and businesses in general. There are pockets of stressed industries that John mentioned earlier. I think at the end of the day, they seem to be more idiosyncratic to the business model of that borrower, and these are valuation charges that are being taken. And so you don't have any one -- when you kind of cut to the chase, you think about credit risk actually being fairly good right now, but you're going to have these pockets -- these one-off pockets, as I just mentioned, just two credits for us. It's a big deal in terms of the effect on the charge-off percentage. So -- and we don't see it as a contagion as much as we see it as an idiosyncratic business issue.
Gerard Cassidy: I see. So it wasn't really like across the board, the higher rate environment for these downgrades really affected it, but it was more idiosyncratic for each one of the borrowers.
John Turner: I think the one exception to that, Gerard, would be transportation where we are seeing that industry, particularly the truckload industry and smaller borrowers is under some stress and valuations -- equipment valuations are also under stress. I mean, obviously, if you think about real estate-related portfolios, office and senior housing, in particular, you can understand why those are also under stress, but transportation would be the one area where I would say it feels like across that industry for the truckload related. The less in truckload businesses are still doing okay, but truckload-related carriers are having challenges.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Spahr with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Spahr: So my question is just relating to the shift in loan mix over the last few years, particularly with EnerBank and comparing it to the average pre-pandemic charge-offs. And kind of your thoughts on where you think the mix would have -- has shifted a little bit and might have impacted the comparisons. And then just thoughts about the EnerBank kind of portfolio itself, it seems to be holding up a little bit better than expected.
David Turner: Well, let me couch it in terms of just our overall portfolio from a CECL standpoint. So if you go back to pre-pandemic, so the fourth quarter 2019, when we all implemented CECL, our CECL reserve at that time was 1.71%. If you adjust that for the portfolio we have today, so there's pluses and minuses, just a completely different mix, and apply those same loss rates to our current portfolio, that would imply a seasonal reserve of 162. I think that's on one of our slides. And so I think at the end of the day, we have pretty robust reserves to cover expected losses. The stress portfolios that we've talked about are our driver. The lower FICO bands of consumer have more pressure on it than the rest of the consumer base. And some of the portfolios that we've added, whether it be EnerBank or Ascentium, those are higher-yield portfolios, and they have higher loss content. In both cases, we had those two portfolios, EnerBank and Ascentium at, call it, 2%, 2.5% expectation, and they're performing in line with that. So -- and I think it gets back to the fact that businesses and consumers, generally speaking, are in pretty good shape. So we've been real careful making sure we don't grow too fast in those portfolios. And so far, everything is worth according to plan.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Peter Winter with D.A. Davidson.
Peter Winter: Just one quick question. Last quarter, you mentioned an exit rate for the NIM around 360. I'm just wondering if you're still comfortable with that? Just on the one hand, you're building more liquidity, but then you did the securities restructuring.
David Turner: Yes. I think whether we get -- we should get pretty close to that number still. Again, we're not counting on rates being a huge driver. Incrementally, though, if we have the long end that stays higher than our reinvestment yields are a little bit better. And if short rates come down, then our negative carry on, our swap book will be helped and that could propel us. So I would say the upper 350s to 360, we are carrying a bit more cash. You probably saw that, just out an abundance of caution given the events of last quarter. And while that cash doesn't really hurt us from an NII standpoint, it does hurt us from a margin standpoint. And so we still should have one of the leading margins regardless because we have a lot of confidence in our funding costs kind of settling down.
Peter Winter: Got it. And how much benefit do you get from the securities restructuring on the margin?
David Turner: Well, cost is, round number, $50 million, and it's a payback of 2.1 years. So you can do quick math. You mean on margins? It's a couple of basis points of positive.
Operator: Mr. Turner, I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
John Turner: Okay. Well, thank you all for your participation today. We appreciate your interest in our company. That concludes the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Christine and Ill be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Christine. Welcome to Regions fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding our results. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statement disclaimers and non-GAAP information, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A. I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. This morning, we reported full year 2023 earnings of $2 billion, reflecting record pre-tax pre-provision income of $3.2 billion and one of the best returns on average tangible common equity in our peer group at 22%. Our results speak to and underscore the comprehensive work thats taken place over the past decade to position the company to generate consistent, sustainable earnings regardless of the economic environment we are experiencing. We have enhanced our credit and interest rate risk management processes and platforms while sharpening our focus on risk-adjusted returns and capital allocation. Although the industry continues to face headwinds from lingering economic and geopolitical uncertainty, as well as the continued evolution of the regulatory framework, we feel confident about our positioning and adaptability heading into 2024. We will continue to benefit from our strong and diverse balance sheet, solid capital and liquidity and prudent credit risk management. Our proactive hedging strategies continue to position us for success in an array of economic conditions. In our desirable footprint, granular deposit base and relationship banking approach will continue to serve us well. Our strategic plan continues to deliver consistent, sustainable long-term performance as we focus on soundness, profitability and growth. In closing, I am excited to work alongside the 20,000 Regions associates who put customers and their needs at the center of all we do and focus on doing the right things the right way everyday. Now, Dave will provide some highlights regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Lets start with the balance sheet. Average and ending loans decreased modestly on a sequential quarter basis, while ending loans grew a little over 1% compared to the prior year. Within the business portfolio, average and ending loans declined 1% quarter-over-quarter. We are remaining judicious reserving capital for business where we can have a full relationship. Loan demand remains soft as clients continue to exhibit cautious behavior. We are seeing clients make long-term investments when they have to, but if they can defer, they are holding off. In general, sentiment varies across industries with some continuing to expect growth, while others have a more muted outlook. Average and ending consumer loans remained relatively stable as growth in mortgage and EnerBank was partially offset by declines in home equity and the GreenSky exit portfolio sale we completed this quarter. Looking forward, we expect 2024 average loan growth to be in the low single-digits. From a deposit standpoint, deposits increased modestly on an average and ending basis primarily due to increases in interest-bearing business products, which we expect will partially reverse with tax season in the first quarter. Across all three businesses, we continue to experience remixing from non-interest-bearing to interest-bearing deposits. However, the pace of remixing has slowed. Within consumer, we continue to see balanced normalization, but we believe the pace of remixing will continue to slow as short-term market rates appear to have peaked and the relationship of checking balances to spending levels is getting closer to pre-pandemic levels. Our overall views on deposit balances and rates are unchanged. We expect incremental remixing out of low-cost savings and checking products of between $2 billion and $3 billion and total balances stabilizing by midyear. This results in a non-interest-bearing mix percentage remaining in the low 30% range. So lets shift to net interest income. Net interest income declined by approximately 4.5% in the quarter driven mostly by deposit cost and mix normalization as well as the start of the active period on $3 billion of incremental hedging. Asset yields benefited from the maturity and replacement of lower yielding fixed rate loans and securities. Notably, during the quarter, we returned to full reinvestment of pay-downs in the securities portfolio and added $500 million over and above that to the portfolio balance taking advantage of attractive market rate and spread levels. Interest-bearing deposit costs were 2.14% in the quarter, representing a 39% rising rate cycle beta. Growth in higher cost corporate deposits increased our reported deposit betas by approximately 1%, but allowed for the termination of all outstanding FHLB advances. This and a more pronounced slowing in the pace of rate-seeking behavior by retail customers drove modest net interest income outperformance compared to expectations. As we look to 2024, we expect net interest income trends to stabilize over the first half of the year and grow over the back half of the year. $3 billion of additional 4 starting hedges in the first quarter and further late-cycle deposit remixing will be a headwind. However, we expect deposit trends to continue to improve with interest-bearing betas peaking in the mid-40% range. The benefits of fixed rate asset turnover will persist, overcoming the headwinds and driving net interest income growth in the second half of the year. With respect to outlook, we expect full year 2024 net interest income to be between $4.7 billion and $4.8 billion. Our guidance assumes for 25 basis point rate cuts with long-term rates remaining stable from year-end. However, the path for net interest income is well insulated from changes in market interest rates. The primary driver of net interest income in 2024 will be deposit performance. The lower end of our expected 2024 net interest income range assumes a 25% beta as rates fall, while the higher end assumes a deposit beta similar to what we have experienced during the rising rate environment. In a falling rate environment, we are prepared to manage deposit costs lower to protect the margin. A relatively small portion of interest-bearing deposit balances is responsible for the majority of the deposit cost increase in the cycle. These market price deposits include index and other high beta corporate deposit types that will reprice immediately with Fed funds. The other primary contributor is CDs with a 7-month average maturity. While these products will lag in a falling rate environment, we are positioned to offset this cost. So, lets take a look at fee revenue and expense. Adjusted non-interest income increased 2% during the quarter as a sequential decline in capital markets was offset by modest increases in most other categories. Full year adjusted non-interest income declined 5%, primarily due to reductions in capital markets and mortgage income as well as the impact of the companys overdraft grace feature implemented late in the second quarter. Partially offsetting these declines were new records in 2023 for both treasury management and wealth management revenue. With respect to outlook, we expect full year 2024 adjusted non-interest income to be between $2.3 billion and $2.4 billion. Lets move on to non-interest expense. Reported non-interest expense increased 8% compared to the prior quarter, but included two significant adjusted items: $119 million for the FDIC special assessment and $28 million in severance-related costs. Adjusted non-interest expense decreased 5%, driven primarily by lower operational losses. Full year adjusted non-interest expense increased 9.7% or approximately 6%, excluding elevated operational losses experienced primarily in the second and third quarters. We remain committed to prudently managing expenses to fund investments in our business. We will continue focusing on our largest expense categories, which include salaries and benefits, occupancy, and vendor spend. We expect full year 2024 adjusted non-interest expenses to be approximately $4.1 billion. From an asset quality standpoint, overall credit performance continues to normalize as expected. Reported annualized net charge-offs for the fourth quarter increased 14 basis points. However, excluding the impact of the GreenSky loan sale, adjusted net charge-offs decreased 1 basis point versus the prior quarter to 39 basis points. Full year adjusted net charge-offs were 37 basis points. Total non-performing loans and business services criticized loans increased during the quarter. Non-performing loans as a percentage of total loans increased to 82 basis points due primarily to downgrades within industries previously identified as higher risk. Keep in mind, between 2013 and 2019, our average NPL ratio was 107 basis points. We expect to see further normalization towards these levels in 2024. Provision expense was $155 million or $23 million in excess of net charge-offs and includes an $8 million net provision expense related to the consumer loan sale. The allowance for credit loss ratio increased 3 basis points to 1.73%. Excluding the loan portfolio sold during the quarter, the allowance for credit loss ratio would have increased 6 basis points. The increase to our allowance was primarily due to adverse risk migration and continued credit quality normalization as well as higher qualitative adjustments for incremental risk in certain higher risk portfolios. Our average net charge-offs from 2013 to 2019 were 46 basis points. Weve seen modest acceleration towards these normalized levels in recent quarters. As a result, we expect our full year 2024 net charge-off ratio to be between 40 and 50 basis points. Turning to capital and liquidity. Given the evolution of the regulatory environment, we expect to maintain our common equity Tier 1 ratio around 10% over the near-term. This level will provide sufficient flexibility to meet the proposed changes along the implementation timeline while supporting strategic growth objectives and allow us to continue to increase the dividend commensurate with earnings. We ended the year with an estimated common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.2%, while executing $252 million in share repurchases and $223 million in common dividends during the quarter. With that, well move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the question. Appreciate the comments on the main levers for NII or within NII for your guidance. I was hoping you could discuss a little more about the deposit repricing thoughts that you had. Maybe specifically thoughts about sort of the bifurcation between commercial and consumer deposits? And then just any opportunities youve seen with the Fed already having sort of peaked out presumably, any opportunities youve had already to maybe take some actions to ease the pressure on costs?
David Turner: Sure. Scott, this is David. One important thing to note is that about 30% of our customer base is really the driver of our interest-bearing deposit beta. If you look at that, little over half of that is related to our commercial book. And those deposits are indexed. So to the extent Fed changes rates, those indexed data changes. So youre talking about rightfully 55%, almost 60% of that will come down as rates come down. The other represents consumer deposits. So these have been CDs and money market accounts there where weve seen migration out of non-interest-bearing accounts. The money market piece, both of these have to be competitive. We have to watch what our competitors are doing to some degree. But we have mechanisms to really start working that down. Part of that is making sure we dont go too long on our CD maturities. So we have been fairly short. I think I mentioned in the prepared comments, our average CD term is 7 months. And so we dont want to extend that much going forward as a matter of fact wed like to shorten that. It coincides with what we think is going to happen with the Fed. Now we have four cuts baked in to our guidance to hit the midpoint of our guidance, which is on Page 6 of our presentation. And we think that starts probably at the May meeting. And we know thats different than what the market participants believe, but we think that, thats going to  I think its going to be slower versus faster. Its important to note, we are neutral to short-term rates. And so its all about managing our deposit costs. And I think we have a good plan to do so. We have given you really a range. Its a pretty tight range on NII performance on the Page 6 and we kind of talk about betas. So if our betas kind of follow what we had and as rates have gone up, we are 39 a day. We said wed probably finish in the mid-40s. If we have that coming back down, then well be at the upper end of our range. If we are only at 25% beta as rates come down, knowing things wont match perfectly then wed be at the lower end of the range. So our midpoint is a 35% beta, which we think is very doable, in particular, relative to that half of that  a little over half of that is related to index deposits on the commercial side.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Thanks for that color, David. And then maybe on the lending side, you noted soft client demand, which is very understandable. Just curious how you expect demand to trend as the year unfolds?
John Turner: Yes. Scott, this is John. I would  our current projections are, we believe economic activity picks up towards the second half of the year and we believe we will experience some growth in core middle market banking and small business banking through our Centium platform asset-based lending, which would be typical of this period of time. And on the consumer side, mortgage and EnerBank continue to contribute to growth. Again, any growth we have will be modest, and that will occur likely toward the back half of the year.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Alright. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. Just maybe I wanted to follow-up on the fee income guide. Maybe if you can dwell into where do you see growth across fee revenue, particularly what are you assuming in there to capital markets was a weakish fourth quarter. So would that be your outlook on capital market income within fees? And then do you expect to do more purchases for mortgage servicing rights as you did in the quarter? And should that boost mortgage income? Thank you.
David Turner: Yes. So you  its David. So your first point on capital markets, we had a pretty tough capital markets finish in the fourth quarter. Been in that is timing. We think some deals, in particular, in the M&A world got pushed into the first quarter. The rate environment has really hampered our real estate corporate banking income line a bit. We think those rebound, both of those rebound, we think M&A has a tendency  a chance to pick up probably towards the back half of the year actually, weve seen a little bit of rate relief if you will. So we have a pretty good feel about our capital markets rebound for 2024. Relative to mortgage servicing rights, as you know, we have good capital position. We look to support our business to grow our loan book. We think loan growth will be muted. So we look to other ways to put the capital to work, mortgage servicing rights has been one of those. We feel good about that asset class because were good at it. We have a low-cost servicing group and were looking to grow when packages make sense and the economics work to our advantage. There is been a number of those on the market. If we can hit the bid that we have to make sure we get an appropriate risk-adjusted return, we will do that. We suspect therell be a couple of opportunities during the year as they usually are. But we have room to grow that without adding a lot of fixed overhead to add people to do the servicing, but we dont have to add a lot of fixed overhead.
John Turner: Yes. Id just add two things, Ebrahim. One is we continue to grow consumer checking accounts and consumer households that contributes to growth. Secondly, we had the best year weve probably ever had in treasury management as we see increases in the number of operating accounts that were originating and services were providing to customers. And then finally, Wealth Management had maybe the best year its had certainly in some time, and we expect wealth management fee revenue to continue to grow in 2024.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Thats helpful. And just one other one, David. I guess the one flex on deposit pricing is your loan-to-deposit ratio at 77% just give us a sense of is this steady state in somewhere in the mid- to high 70s where you see running the bank going forward? Or if we get cut, you could see this ratio drift into the 80s and that probably provides you some pricing flexibility. Thank you.
David Turner: Yes. So we really dont run the bank trying to solve for our loan deposit ratio. Its just kind of a result of all of our activities that we have. At 77% were a little bit lower than the peer median by 2, 3 points. It gives us some flexibility to not have to put a lot of pressure on the deposit base. Remember, opening comments where we want to be fair and balanced with regards to our customers, making sure that we were competitive but we dont have to push. We dont have to be at the upper end of pricing just to maintain those deposits. We have a good core deposit base and it gives us flexibility to not have to chase with rate. And thats why our deposit costs have tended to be a bit lower across the board.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning. I think you mentioned earlier on in the call that clients are deferring longer-term investments, if they can. Can you talk about whats driving that? Is it just rates and they are waiting for rates to come down? Is part of it the environment and they need more certainty there? So any light on your conversations there would be helpful.
John Turner: Yes. I think probably all of the above, clearly, rising interest rates that have had some impact rising costs, cost of goods, cost of labor has had an impact. And then uncertainty related to the economy, geopolitical conditions, the political environment here in the U.S., all have, I think, created some restraint. Borrowers are, I believe, more optimistic today than they were 60 to 90 days ago, and thats in-line with what appear to be improving economic conditions, but still reluctant to initiate long-term investments currently just based upon the things that I described.
Manan Gosalia: So as we think about deposit betas when rates go down, I think you and a number of your peers have suggested that okay, loan growth will accelerate as we get a resolution on some of these matters and as rates go down. But then on the flip side, does that mean that deposit competition picks back up? Im just trying to assess the level of confidence on the high and low end of that range of that 25% to 45% down beta?
David Turner: Well, we still think loan growth for the year is going to be relatively muted. And competition for deposits has always been fairly intense. Which you dont want to have to do is use rate. You want to have a relationship banking model, which is what we do. We leverage off of the checking account of the consumer and an operating account of a business. And with that comes all of the type of funding. For us, we have no wholesale borrowings to speak of, paid off all of our FHLB advances. So we have the ability to lever up there to cover incremental growth without having to reprice our deposit base. So if there is incremental pressure or competition on deposits, I dont think it will be all that meaningful for us in particular.
Manan Gosalia: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning, Ryan.
David Turner: Good morning.
Ryan Nash: Good morning, John. Good morning, David. Maybe a question on capital. David, in the slides, you talked about maintaining 10%, your over 8% on an adjusted basis. Maybe just talk about how you think about uses of capital outside of loan growth. I know we had some buyback this quarter. I think in December, we were talking about the potential for securities portfolio restructuring. Maybe just talk a little bit about how youre thinking about incremental uses of capital from here.
David Turner: Yes. So obviously, let me just go through the kind of checkpoints as we think about it. So we want to use our capital to support loan growth. Its going to be fairly muted. As I mentioned, we want to pay a fair dividend, 35% to 45% of our earnings. So we think thats covered. We then have excess capital that we look to put to work in growing our business. Weve looked at more searching rights, as I mentioned just a couple of calls ago. And we will continue to look for businesses that we think can help us grow. We have talked about the securities repositioning. We continue to evaluate that. We have not made any decisions to do that just yet. And outside of that, we dont want our capital to get too far away from 10%. And the 10% is pegged on the fact that we think were close enough with our ability to accrete capital every quarter to adapt to whatever the regulatory environment is going to be. There is a lot of uncertainty with regards to what thats going to look like, and there is no need for us to continue to ramp up capital to an unnecessary level and hurt our return, we think were in an optimal spot to be able to maneuver and so we think the 10% number is the right thing to do  the right place to be.
Ryan Nash: Got it. Maybe to come at net interest income and net interest margin from a little bit of a different perspective. You gave us guidance for the first quarter and NIM is expected to be around 350 for the full year. Maybe David, you were daring talk about how you see it evolving over the course of the year end. When you look out as we think about the declining rate cycle, where do you foresee the net interest margin settling out over time? I know historically, weve talked about a 3.6% to 4% range, maybe just a little bit of color on where you see it settling out over the course of the next couple of years? Thank you.
David Turner: Yes. So I think youre going to see that margin pressure a little bit in the first quarter and slightly in the second quarter. The first quarter has another, call it, $3 billion of received fixed swaps that will become effective that will have some negative carry that hurts us a bit in the first quarter. And then things start to change a bit beginning in the second quarter. So literally, like after the first month. So I think youll see a little bit more of a movement in the first quarter and a tiny movement in a second. And then we can start to rebound a bit where we will finish we think for the year in the 3.50% range, I think as things sell down. We had talked about 3.60% to 4%. That 3.60% was predicated on rates really going back down at the very low levels, and thats the purpose of our whole hedging strategy is because we have lower deposit costs of most everybody. If were going to protect our margin, we have to do it synthetically. And so we have about $20 billion in any given year of received fixed swaps and some other derivatives to help us manage the net interest margin in the 3.60% to 4% range. So youre likely over time to be kind of in the middle of that. And we think that thats a possibility in time that things have to settle out. Weve got to get deposit costs back to tie up with where rates are. But we can probably exit the year in the 3.60% range.
Ryan Nash: Thanks for all the color, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning.
John Pancari: On the operating leverage side, I mean, your guidance implies negative operating leverage unsurprisingly for 2024. But as you look at your trajectory on the revenue front, your assumptions there combined with your expense expectations, how do you view the likelihood of achieving positive operating leverage in 2025. And when do you expect that you could break into a more positive trajectory on a quarterly basis. Thanks.
David Turner: John, so I have a tendency to look at it on an annual basis. And you are right we cant generate positive operating leverage in 24, primarily because of our outperformance in the first two quarters of 23, where we were having above 4% margin, which is way above most everybody. And so I think thats been acknowledged in the marketplace. I do think we can get back at 25 to generate positive operating leverage, and we will start trending there towards the back half of the year as we see us bottoming out in terms of  and net interest income and margin in the second quarter, and then we can start to grow from there. We will see what the economy looks like. We will see what loan growth looks like. We think that picks up a bit. And we think the pressure on deposit betas start to go the other way. And as I just mentioned, we can exit with a little stronger margin. So I think positive operating leverage towards the back half is a possibility.
John Turner: And definitely for 2025.
David Turner: And were going to get there for 2025.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thats helpful. And then secondly, around credit, regarding the NPL increase, I know youve flagged the downgrade  the risk rating downgrades and some of the higher risk sectors. Maybe can you give us a little bit more color whether  was it concentrated in any one sector? Was there a broader scrub of the loan book that you completed that led you to the multiple of the multiple downgrades? Or is it just episodic and then, I guess, just separately, can you talk about the reserve? I know you built it a bit here. Whats the outlook there as you continue to add from here? Thanks.
John Turner: Id just say, John, with respect to the increase in NPLs, weve called out portfolios that have been under some stress for a number of quarters now. What we saw in the quarter was some migration from criticized classified to non-performing, specifically in senior housing, in transportation and warehousing, transportation, specifically and office and then additionally, manufacturing of consumer discretionary items. So that was our expectation. We have one large technology credit that moved in the third quarter. That is episodic, we believe, is something that we can and believe we will manage through. So when you look at the migration, as we pointed out, we are moving back to more traditional sort of historical levels of non-performing loans, which is somewhere between 80 and 100 to 110 basis points. I think maybe David said the average was 102 or 106, 107 from 14 and 19. And weve guided to 40 to 50 basis points of charge-offs, which we think is in-line with our expectations for potential loss in the portfolio over time. So I think we feel we have good insight into the credits that were managing as to why, I would say the burden of increasing interest rates, increasing cost, cost of labor, operating costs, all those things have had an impact specifically on the industries that weve historically now called out transportation, senior housing, office, consumer discretionary. Now with respect to the allowance, we have a process we follow and go through every quarter. And I think we believe  we currently believe, obviously, that weve provided for potential losses in the portfolio over time, unless we experienced growth in the portfolio or paydowns in the portfolio, some changes in outstandings in the portfolio or in economic conditions. You can assume that our allowance is appropriate and likely wont change the trajectory of it will not change unless the economy changes.
David Turner: And the only other thing, John, on that would be if the risk ratings change, then that up or down. That also impacts your provisioning or release reserves. So I add that point with the two or three that John mentioned.
John Pancari: And David, Im sorry, if I could just add regarding that last point, if the risk rating migration negatively assume  is it now assumed as part of your outlook, just given where we are in this downturn.
David Turner: Yes, thats right. You look at your reasonable and forecast period and think about where the credits are going if that changes, so to go the other way, that can cause you not to have to provide any more. So we provided what we think we need to have. If things get better, then you dont need the reserves that you put up and you can release those reserves. If things get worse, then you have to provide more. Generally, loan growth is also a driver of having to add to the provision. If your loans are going the other way, then you dont need the reserves that you had set up for them so you can have a release related to that. Economic conditions got a little better in the fourth quarter than the third. So that was a positive. But net-net, we are continuing to look at the life of the loan and where thats going to go and we think we have appropriate reserves for losses that are there.
John Pancari: Okay. Great. Makes sense. Thank you, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Rochester with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
Dave Rochester: Hey. Good morning guys. On the NII guide, I was just wondering how Slide 6 might change if we dont get those cuts you are factoring in for the year. I know you mentioned you are neutral to those, so maybe this range wouldnt change much. Just figured that might maybe change some of the deposit flow and beta assumptions in here and maybe some other stuff.
David Turner: Yes. So, we tried to put that in. If you look at the lower box, on the lower end of that, we say stable, that was trying to address exactly what your question is. So, to the extent that we are kind of where we are.
Dave Rochester: That was all within this range.
David Turner: Thats right. But the lower end.
Dave Rochester: Yes. Got it. And then for the $12 billion to $14 billion in the fixed rate loan production and securities investment you mentioned per year. I was just curious what the breakdown of that was for securities and loans and what yields you are putting on today and on both the securities investment and new loan production, just on average? I know you have got many different categories and loans you are producing.
David Turner: Yes. So, I think in total, the kind of the front book, back book between those two is about 200 basis points, 250 basis points of pickup. If you look at that $12 million to $15 million, about a quarter of thats related to securities. That going on as front book, back book pieces of, call it, 300 basis points in loans front book, back book are probably in the 150 basis points to 200 basis points range.
Dave Rochester: Okay. Great. And then just on capital, given your comments on 10% CET1 targeting that unadjusted, what does that mean for the pace of buybacks here? Is the fourth quarter pace is a good one going forward for the next few quarters maybe? And then as it relates to your adjusted CET1 ratio, which is just over 8% you have got here, how are you thinking about where you want that to be over time as the new regs kick in?
David Turner: Well, one, we dont know what the new rules are going to be. So, we fully loaded it with 8.2 to say  to show you that, that doesnt impact our stress capital buffer, our absolute minimum. We are in good shape there. We just need to see where the rules come out. By the time all that happens, AOCI is going to be in a different spot than it is today, assuming rates continue to come down a bit. We saw a pretty big move in all of the peers with AOCI this quarter. From a capital standpoint, we think 10 is the right number  what was
Dana Nolan: Buyback pace.
David Turner: The buyback pace. So, again, we used the buyback as our last mechanism to help us keep our common equity Tier 1 in that 10% range. And so the pace is your favorite earnings expectation, take out the dividend, use a bit of that with low-single digit loan growth. And then the rest is either going to be buying mortgage servicing rights or things of that nature and then we toggle with share repurchases. So, I dont want to comment on whether we stay on the pace because they end up getting your earnings guidance. Thats a trick.
Dave Rochester: Understood. Alright. Thanks guys.
John Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning Gerard.
David Turner: Hi Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi John. Hi David. David, can you share with us you guys have given us good detail on credit quality and John, you pointed out that the non-performing loan increase was to the sectors of your portfolio that you have already identified as being weak. Could we look at it another way, and you give us good details on Slides 27 and 28 on the leveraged portfolio in the Shared National Credit portfolio, how are those portfolios holding up credit-wise? And when you think back to where we were a year ago, I remember many of the calls, the word recession was used quite often in those calls. We are not hearing that on this fourth quarter earnings call for most or nearly all the banks. So, have these portfolios held up better than what you would have thought it from a year ago?
John Turner: I would say, yes, Gerard. The leverage portfolio is largely relationship-based credit business. Those are banking relationships that we enjoy, we are close to those customers and we have been close to them throughout this period of elevated rates. There was some risk as rates rose, that we had  that there may be some softness in the portfolio, but I think its performed well. The same is true of our Shared National Credit book. And we began to build the capital markets business to help us grow and diversify our revenue and to meet more customer needs. We naturally then began to expand the size of our Shared National Credit book so that we could serve those customers that had need for those products and services. And with that, as you can imagine, comes some tall free risk, single name risk and while I mentioned earlier, we have a technology credit thats fairly substantial. Thats an NPL. That is an example of Shared National Credit exposure that we have good visibility into. We think has very limited risk of loss, but still as a non-performing loan. But overall, I would say, just based upon the reflection on the performance of that book, its been good. We have enjoyed expanding relationships, growing revenue from capital markets and/or deposits, treasury management that we enjoy with those customers. And so I think we have been pleased with the performance of both the leverage book and the Shared National Credit book.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then coming back to loans, and I think David, in your comments, you talked about loan demand remains soft and you are looking for low-single digit growth for average loans in 2024. I know during our careers, the shadow banking industry has continued its competition against the banks, but it seems today, there is more coverage of the private equity side getting into lending maybe greater than what we have seen in years, how are you guys competing against the private credit markets? And at the same time, are any of those private credit lenders, customers of yours that you have to balance that relationship of a customer competing against you.
John Turner: We have very modest exposure to private equity who then is  we are not lending private equity to, in turn, lend into our customer base. So, if we have any exposure, it would be very modest there. Separately, we dont see private equity as a competitor necessarily within our core middle market customer base. I asked Ronnie Smith the question the other day if he could name a customer that we lost to private credit. And we cant think of one. Now it doesnt mean its not occurring in some of the markets that we are in. But by and large, given our focus on the core middle market business and investment-grade type Shared National Credit exposure, we are just not  we are not seeing private credit as a competitor today. On the wholesale side now there are lots of competitors on the consumer side that we are seeing in a variety of different ways, including mortgage and home improvement that we compete with.
Gerard Cassidy: Which are non-traditional depositories?
John Turner: Yes. Thats right.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. Great. Thank you, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Spahr with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning.
Dana Nolan: Lets go ahead, move to the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon King with Truist. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning.
Brandon King: Hey. Good morning. So, I appreciate the guidance on expenses and expense control there. But I did have a question on just an update on the technology modernization project and kind of what you are baking in for expenses in 2024? And if part of that other expense savings is related to maybe delaying some of that project into further years.
David Turner: Yes. Brandon, so we have given you our overall expense guide to be essentially flat after you carve out operational losses from the past year. We continue to make investments in our business, we call it R2, which is our transformation project and cyber and risk management, consumer compliance, a lot of investment in areas of the bank that we are looking to offset elsewhere. R2 project has come along very well. We spent anywhere depending on the year, 9% to 11% of our revenue in terms of technology costs. We dont expect that to change materially in the short-term. We continue to evaluate how we can better leverage technology. And I think we have a lot of upside potential to leverage that in our business to continue to improve and to continue to take out manual steps, manual processes and have a technology solution too. So, we think our investment in technology is the right thing to do. And we are going to have a modern core deposit platform in the not-too-distant future, which we think will be a competitive advantage for us as well. So, anyway, thats kind of a spending range, if you will, 9% to 11% for revenue.
Brandon King: Okay. And just no delays in the timing of that?
John Turner: Yes. No. Yes. To answer your question specifically, that project is on time and on budget, no delays.
Brandon King: Okay. And then just had a follow-up on credit, and particularly in senior housing, just wanted to get more details as far as your exposure there? And what are you thinking as far as ultimate loss content in new constructions [ph] from a credit loss spec.
John Turner: Yes. We are seeing improvement in the senior housing space, notwithstanding the fact that we have a couple of credits we are carrying as non-performing. We  generally, occupancy rates are improving over time. Today, we have got about $63 million in  I am sorry, $57 million in  $118 million in non-performing loans and reserves against those credits of about 3.7%. So, I think we have maybe provided information on Slide 20 in your deck. But we are seeing improvement in senior housing as occupancy rates pick up and people become a little more comfortable with communal living again amongst that eighth group.
Brandon King: Okay. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
John Turner: How are you?
Erika Najarian: Good morning. I have one follow-up question, Dave. I think very notable what you said to Ryans line of questioning, the 3.6 exit rate for the net interest margin in the fourth quarter. A lot of investors are now focused on that exit rate. So, I am just wondering if I could ask you sort of what the component pieces is or are rather. So, unless you have changed anything on the  in terms of adding swaps, it seems like you do have $1.6 billion of notional rolling off in the fourth quarter. So, I guess its a good guy. You also mentioned a terminated block gain in your 10-Q, but you had like a forward look for four quarters. Wondering what that could be for 4Q 24 and then more notably, obviously, you guys have said unequivocally that its the deposit assumption thats really going to make a difference. I am wondering sort of what the speed is that you are assuming on that 35% down beta, especially if you think of the first rate cut, I think you said was in May.
David Turner: Yes. So, I think all-in, the big drivers there are controlling the deposit costs. We do have a headwind of the $3 billion notional four starting swap in the first quarter and then we are kind of in the run rate that the terminated swaps are in the amortization already. Those arent the huge drivers. I think after we get our headwind and if rates start to come down, then like I said, almost 60% of our beta is associated with index deposits on the commercial side, so they will start to come down. And you start then having the loan and security re-pricing, the fixed maturity re-pricing, adding 200 basis points, 250 basis points that overwhelms that headwind towards the back end of the year and you get a little bit of loan growth in the back end. All that helps you propel you to a much stronger fourth quarter finish than you have at the beginning of the year. So, I think if you really looked at what is the one big thing that you have to get done and its controlling the deposit cost, and we do that through managing the beta as rates change, like I said, 55%, 60% of an index. The other is decisioning we have to make. And that gets to be a little herky-jerky because, as I have mentioned, some of thats money market that we can change pretty quickly. The other CDs that were locked in today, its seven months. And as things renew this month, next month and going forward, we are looking to be shorter rather than longer so that we are prepared to take advantage to reduce our deposit costs as rates come down.
Erika Najarian: And a follow-up to that, you mentioned 55% to 60% of that down rate coming from these indexed commercial deposits. One of your peers made a differentiation between indexed and contractual yesterday. And I guess just give us some sense of how much of that is contracted versus index? And but really, it sounds like you are confident that either way, you can control that to the downside, especially as you said, loan growth remained soft this year.
David Turner: Yes. So, when we say index, we are talking about its tied to Fed funds is when Fed funds changes through the contract, it changes automatically. There is no  its not a contractual number locked in like effectively a CD. Its the day  just like a loan thats based on SOFR, I mean, SOFR changes, so there is a loan rate that day. And so thats what we are talking about when we say index deposits.
Erika Najarian: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
John Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning Matt.
Matt OConnor: Good morning. Any updated thoughts on potential regulatory changes to the debit card interchange fees or overdraft fees and thinking about potential all cost to that.
David Turner: Well, so debit interchange going through a discussion to adjust that down. This was written in the original law and they had to revisit the costs associated with debit interchange. To the extent that does get put into place, that will have a negative impact to us. Starting, I think that was going to be kicking in, in June. So, its about half a year. And based on our numbers, thats about a $45 million risk item to us in our NIR. Relative to the overdrafts, we are a long way from knowing where that comes out, if there are any changes, and I think 2025 date that we mentioned, that just hit the wire. I think there is going to be a lot of discussion on that because we are disappointed in that. We think provision of liquidity to our customer base is really, really important. We do charge a fee for that, but we are paying an item for somebody in charging a fee. And to the extent we return that item to wherever was written or used, that entity is going to charge a fee. And so it doesnt  its not helpful to not be able to provide liquidity to our customer base. And so we are hoping there is going to be further discussion on that point. And I think it would be premature to really talk about the impact of OD until we get further down the road.
Matt OConnor: Yes. Okay. And then just separately, good to see the elevated check fraud came down as you expected and the outlook kind of implies, but you are confident that you are past this issue. I guess just wanted to reconfirm that. And then also just any meaningful changes that you made to address it and whether they have showed up and expenses were well.
John Turner: I would just say that the countermeasures that we put in place which include talent, technology, process changes, all have been effective. And we believe going forward, the run rate will be $20 million to $25 million a quarter in operating losses, and the expenses associated with those countermeasures are embedded in our run rate and in our projection for expenses for 2024.
David Turner: We got to continue to be vigilant with regards to this, just like we are with cyber. So, we have bad people attacking us as does every financial institution, and we have to continue to stay ahead of it. We feel good about what we put in place, but we are not sitting idle, we are continuing to push and challenge ourselves to get even better than we are today.
Matt OConnor: Okay. Perfect. Thats helpful. Thank you.
John Turner: Thank you. Okay. Operator, is that the end of the calls?
Operator: Yes. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
John Turner: Okay. Well, thank you very much. I appreciate everybodys participation today and interest in our company. Have a good weekend.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants online have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Christine. Welcome to Regions third quarter 2023 earnings call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding the quarter. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A.  I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. Earlier this morning, we reported earnings of $465 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.49. And while we have some unusual items in our results this quarter, our core performance remains strong, and we continue to have one of the best return on average tangible common equity ratios in our peer group at 21%.  During the quarter, we continued to experience elevated levels of check-related fraud. Our third quarter results reflect an incremental $53 million in losses stemming from a second fraud scheme, which also began in the second quarter, but was unknown to us at the time. This scheme manifested itself in delayed returns, and as a result, has had a much longer tail. After adjusting our countermeasures to identify potential fraud instances more quickly, the volume of new fraud claims has slowed. Although difficult to project, based on what we know today, we expect quarterly fraud losses to come down significantly and to be approximately $25 million in the fourth quarter.  Based upon the increases we are seeing in check fraud across the industry, in fact, based on data we have, we indicate losses are up about 40% year-over-year. We expect future fraud losses to normalize in the $25 million per quarter range in 2024. Although the industry faces headwinds from lingering economic and regulatory uncertainty, we continue to benefit from our strong and diverse balance sheet with solid capital, robust liquidity, and prudent credit risk management. Our proactive hedging strategies have positioned us for success in any interest rate environment. And our granular deposit base and relationship banking approach continue to serve us well.  We spent over a decade de-risking our balance sheet and are well positioned to manage the proposed regulatory changes without significant impact to our business model. We remain committed to appropriate risk-adjusted returns, and now is not the time to stretch for growth.  We are focused on supporting existing customers where we have a relationship and a proven history. We have a great team with a proven track record of executing our strategy with focus and discipline. I'm confident in our ability to adapt to the changing regulatory and economic landscape, while continuing to generate top quartile returns through the cycle.  Now, David will provide some highlights regarding the quarter. 
David Turner : Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet. Average and ending loans remain relatively stable quarter-over-quarter. Within the business portfolio, average loans were stable, while ending loans decreased 1%. As John mentioned, we are being judicious in reserving our capital for business where we can have a full relationship.  Client sentiment varies across industries with some continuing to expect growth, while others have a more muted outlook. Commercial commitments are down 1% compared to the second quarter. Average and ending consumer loans increased 1% as growth in mortgage and EnerBank was partially offset by declines in home equity and runoff exit portfolios.  Subsequent to quarter-end, we executed a sale of our remaining GreenSky portfolio of approximately $300 million, which represents one of our consumer exit portfolios. The economics of the transaction are relatively neutral, but will create approximately 14 basis points of incremental charge-offs in the fourth quarter, offset by the related reserve release. Looking forward, we expect 2023 ending loan growth to be in the low single digits.  From a deposit standpoint, the modest deposit declines were in line with expectations, largely driven by late cycle rate-seeking behavior. We continue to experience remixing out of non-interest bearing or NIB products and ended the quarter with NIB representing 35% of total deposits.  Given the current rate environment, we expect the percentage to ultimately level off in a low 30% range. While some customers find alternatives in other investment channels outside of regions, many are moving to our CDs and money market accounts. We also continue to provide off-balance sheet opportunities through our wealth management platform and in the corporate banking segment via money market mutual fund solutions.  In the case of corporate clients, overall liquidity under management has remained stable quarter-over-quarter. Acquisition and retention of high primacy and operating relationships are strong, reflecting our focus to sustain and extend our deposit advantage through cycles.  Looking forward, the higher rate environment, a tightening Federal Reserve, and heightened competition will likely continue to constrain deposit growth and pressure costs for the industry through year-end and into early 2024. Accordingly, we expect deposits to be stable, to modestly lower in the fourth quarter, and we expect continued remixing into interest bearing categories.  So let's shift to net interest income. Net interest income declined by 6.5% in the third quarter, reflecting the anticipated normalization from elevated net interest income and margin levels back towards a sustainable longer term range. The decline is driven by deposit cost normalization, the start of the active period on $6 billion of incremental hedging, as well as a one-time leverage lease residual value adjustment.  As the Federal Reserve nears the end of its tightening cycle, net interest income is supported by elevated floating rate loan and cash yields at higher market interest rates and fixed rate asset turnover from the maturity of lower yielding loans and securities. Deposit costs continue to increase through a combination of re-pricing and remixing, increasing the cycle to-date interest bearing deposit beta to 34%.  Historically, this behavior persists for a few quarters after the Fed stops moving interest rates. While we expect the pace of re-pricing to moderate, a higher federal funds rate over an extended period will cause remixing from low cost deposits to persist, ultimately pushing deposit betas higher than previously anticipated. We now project the cycle to-date beta to increase to near 40% by year-end.  Regardless, we remain confident that our deposit composition will provide a meaningful competitive advantage for regions when compared to the broader industry. If the Fed remains on hold, fourth quarter net interest income is expected to decline approximately 5%, driven by continued deposit and funding cost normalization and the beginning of the active hedging period on another $3 billion of previously transacted forward starting swaps. Net interest income is projected to grow approximately 11% in 2023 when compared to 2022.  As we look to 2024, higher rates for longer likely extends the period of deposit cost and mix normalization. We expect net interest income trends to stabilize over the first half of the year and grow over the back half of the year.  The balance sheet hedging program is an important source of earning stability in today's uncertain environment. Hedges added to date create a net interest income profile that is well protected and mostly neutral to changes in interest rates through 2025. While we do not anticipate adding any point to the hedging position over the coming quarters, we continue to look for opportunities to add protection at attractive rate levels in outer years through the use of derivatives or securities. During the third quarter, we added $1.5 billion of forward starting swaps and $500 million of forward starting rate collars.  Let's take a look at fee revenue and expense. Adjusted non-interest income decreased 2% from the prior quarter, as modest increases in mortgage and wealth management income were offset by declines primarily in service charges and capital markets. The increase in mortgage income was driven by higher servicing income associated with a bulk purchase of the rights to service $6.2 billion of residential mortgage loans closed early in the quarter. Service charges declined 7%, reflecting the run rate impact of the company's overdraft grace feature implemented late in the second quarter. Based on our experience to-date, as well as our expectation for another record year in treasury management, we now expect full year service charges of approximately $590 million.  Total capital markets income decreased $4 million. Excluding the impact of CVA and DVA, capital markets income decreased 13% sequentially, as increases in M&A fees were offset by declines in other categories. We had a negative $3 million CVA and DVA adjustment during the quarter versus the $9 million negative adjustment in the prior quarter. With respect to the outlook, we now expect full year 2023 adjusted total revenue to be up 5% to 6% compared to 2022.  Let's move on to non-interest expense. Adjusted non-interest expense decreased 2% compared to the prior quarter and includes the previously noted elevated operational losses. Excluding the incremental fraud experienced in both the second and third quarters, adjusted non-interest expenses increased 1% sequentially.  Salaries and benefits decreased 2%, driven primarily by lower incentives and payroll taxes, while other non-interest expense increased 12%, driven primarily by a $7 million pension settlement charge.  We remain committed to prudently managing expenses in order to fund investments in our business. We will continue to refine our expense base, focusing on our largest categories, which includes salaries and benefits, occupancy and vendor spend.  We expect full year 2023 adjusted non-interest expenses to be up 9.5%. Excluding the $135 million of incremental operational losses experienced in the past two quarters, we expect adjusted non-interest expenses to be up approximately 6% in 2023 when compared to 2022.  From an asset quality standpoint, overall credit performance continues to normalize as expected. Net charge-offs increased 7 basis points to 40 basis points due to elevated charge-offs related to a solar program we've since discontinued at EnerBank, as well as lower commercial recoveries versus the second quarter. Non-performing loans, business services criticized loans, and total delinquencies also increased. Non-performing loans as a percentage of total loans increased 15 basis points in the quarter due primarily to a large collateralized information credit.  Provision expense was $145 million or $44 million in excess of net charge-offs. The allowance for credit loss ratio increased 5 basis points to 1.70%, while the allowance as a percentage of non-performing loans declined to 261%. The increase to our allowance is due primarily to adverse risk migration and continued credit quality normalization, as well as a build in qualitative adjustments for incremental risk in certain portfolios, including office, multifamily and select markets and EnerBank. It's also worth noting the outcome of the most recent Shared National Credit Exam is reflected in our results. The allowance on the office portfolio increased from 2.7% to 3.1%. Importantly, the vast majority of our office exposure is in Class A properties located primarily within the Sunbelt and non-Gateway markets.  Overall, we continue to feel good about the composition of our office book and do not expect any meaningful loss in this portfolio. We expect net charge-offs will continue to normalize, including this quarter's charge-offs, but excluding the 14 basis point impact on our fourth quarter GreenSky loan sale, we expect full year 2023 adjusted net charge-off ratio to be slightly above 35 basis points.  In the third quarter, two anticipated notices of proposed rulemakings were issued. While we plan to provide feedback through the comment process on both, we are well positioned to absorb the ultimate impacts without major changes to our business.  With respect to Basel III end-gain, as proposed, we estimate a low to mid-single digit increase in risk-weighted assets under the expanded risk-based approach in addition to the phase-in of AOCI into regulatory capital.  Regarding minimum long-term debt, we estimate a need to issue approximately $6 billion of long-term debt over the course of several years. We view this amount to be manageable, resulting in a modest drag on earnings.  Importantly, the proposal provides clarity on the evolution of the regulatory environment and supports our decision to maintain our common equity Tier 1 ratio around 10% over the near term, as this level should provide sufficient flexibility to meet the proposed changes along the implementation timeline, while supporting strategic growth objectives.  Despite the current macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty, as well as the continued evolution of the regulatory framework, we expect that share repurchases will resume in the near term.  And finally, we have a slide summarizing our expectations, which we have addressed throughout the prepared comments.  With that, we'll move to the Q&A portion of the call. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Please hold while we compile the Q&A roster. Thank you. Our first question comes from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question. 
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to start out just on the NII trajectory. When we talk about NII stabilizing in the first half of the 24, I guess, we might be suggesting that it could continue to compress a bit after the fourth quarter's dip. So maybe just thinking if you can help us to sort of size any potential pressure beyond year-end 23, and then additionally your thoughts on what would allow it to resume growing in the second half of next year. 
David Turner: Yes. Hey Scott. This is David. So you're right. You will see some pressure in the fourth quarter in particular as we see continued remixing of non-interest bearing deposits going into interest bearing, given higher for longer rates. And due to the fact that we have $3 billion of notional interest rate swaps that become live in the fourth quarter, that alone cost about $20 million in NII. So you'll see an adjustment, not as big as you just saw relative to net interest margin decline, but you'll see some decline in the fourth quarter.  When we get to the third quarter, while we do have an additional $2.5 billion of interest rate swaps that become live then, we think the remixing will start slowing. We think there is somewhere between $3 billion and $5 billion worth of remixing of non-interest bearing deposits into interest bearing, and that's going back into study in our consumers in particular, and how much they had in their accounts relative to their spend. And where that $3 billion to $5 billion gets you back to where they were from a pre-pandemic standpoint.  So we have confidence that we should see this starting to slow after the fourth quarter. There'll be, like I said, a little pressure in the first quarter because of the new derivatives coming on. That number will affect us about $10 million to $15 million in the first quarter, then we don't have any more after that. So we start stabilizing from there. When we get to the second half of the year, we can start to grow.  If I kind of cut to the chase on the end game, we think after all is said and done, we can support  our margin should bottom out around $3.50, perhaps a bit higher than that. So you're not going to see the kind  you can't take the change that you just saw and continue to extrapolate that all the way through the end of the second quarter. You'll have a bigger change in the fourth, a smaller change in the first and negligible change in the second quarter.  So the balance sheet, what's important in all that is the balance sheet continues to re-price. We have about $15 billion worth of fixed rate securities and loans that re-priced. And the front book, back book impacts are about 250 basis points and we continue to have had that. The problem is it's been overwhelmed by the move of non-interest bearing deposits into interest bearing. And as I just mentioned, that should start to slow. And so I think, again, our margin bottoming out, kind of in that $3.50 just slightly better than that, is really the relevant point here. 
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you for that color. And then I guess just on the notion of deposits and betas. I know we're thinking about a 40% beta through the end of the year, but maybe thoughts on how things could trend into next year if we indeed have just sort of some drag on price. How much more pressure could we see once rates peak? How might that level off? 
David Turner: Yeah, I think so what's baked into what I just told you is that we would have a beta through the end of this year pushing on 40%, maybe a little underneath that. And then we go into perhaps the mid-40s into next year. And again, that's considering higher for longer. It starts to slow there, again, because we don't have as much moving out of non-interest bearing into interest bearing. So I think the  again, if we have rates even that continue to go up, we're slightly asset sensitive, and the re-pricing of our balance sheet starts to overwhelm the deposit moves, and I think that's a piece that people might not be picking up on. 
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right, wonderful. Thank you very much. 
David Turner: You bet. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
David Turner: Good morning. 
Ryan Nash : Hey, good morning guys. 
David Turner: Hey.
Ryan Nash : Maybe to ask a question on credit, first, maybe just to clarify the implied a little bit above 35 for the year, which I guess implies around 45 for the fourth quarter. So that push is reported up to about 60 with GreenSky. Just wanted to verify that.  And then, can you expand on the comments regarding what you're seeing in office, multifamily, and maybe what happened with EnerBank, which I think you referenced higher charge-offs and exiting some parts of the portfolio? 
David Turner: Yeah. So, you want me to start?
John Turner: Yeah. 
David Turner: So yeah, I think that we'll see some increase. So, let's keep the GreenSky piece out, because that's going to be noise. We kind of announced that separate. Go back to kind of core charge-offs, we said it would be slightly higher than 35. Call that a couple of points, maybe 37, which implies a fourth quarter in that 40 basis point charge-off range.  We will continue to see elevated charge-offs coming through EnerBank, for which we provided this past quarter, relative to our program that we discontinued, and so we'll see that for a quarter or two, and that's factored into the guidance that we've given you.  From an office standpoint, our office continues to decline. Even in October, I think we put that in our notes. 
John Turner: Outstanding continues to decline, the quality of the portfolio. 
David Turner: Outstanding, sorry. 
John Turner: Maybe I'll speak to that. With respect to office, we've got about $1.6 billion in outstandings. To David's point, that represents some decline, pay downs, refinances over the course of the last quarter.  As we said before, about 39% of that portfolio is in credits direct to single-tenant credits, and the bulk of that is to investment-grade quality tenants. The balance of our exposure, 61-plus percent are in multi-tenant credits, 63% of that is in the Sunbelt market, 92% is Class A, we have in total about 100 borrowers. So we are very much on top of the portfolio, having ongoing conversations with customers.  About 50% of our exposure matures this year and in 2024, so we're actively working that. One of the, I think, good signs about the portfolio is that sponsors have contributed over the course of the last couple of quarters, over $150 million to the projects. Most of them are unguaranteed. So those are commitments that sponsors are making to the continued renewal extension of those projects, the right sizing of them. And as a consequence, we feel good about our office exposure. We have one non-accrual, and that credit has been renegotiated and is paying as agreed currently.  With respect to  yeah [Multiple Speakers]
David Turner: Sorry John, go ahead.
John Turner: Yeah, the rest of the portfolio, we did see some uptick in non-accruals. As David said, we're still guiding to 35 to 45 basis points of loss in 2024. We feel good about that. I think the portfolio is performing as we expected, as it normalizes, and that's occurring.  Within EnerBank, we have a specific program that was associated with a single vendor, and it effectively was what I'll call kind of a buy now, pay later program, where the customer entered into an agreement to put solar equipment on their house. There was a period of time when that equipment would be installed on the house. The customer did not make any payments.  We exited that program in October of 2022 just based on our analysis of the risk-adjusted returns associated with it and the profile of the product. It was just not something we wanted to continue.  Well, now we're beginning to see those loans reach a point where customers are having to make payments, and we are experiencing a little higher level of losses. But the losses with EnerBank are still below our expectations for EnerBank in general, and it continues to perform better than  at least consistent with, if not better than we had hoped when we made the acquisition. 
Ryan Nash : Got it. David, maybe a follow-up on expenses. I know there's lots of moving pieces in this scenario. I know you've highlighted that you guys have been doing work on it for a while, but just given the revenue headwinds that you're likely to face in the beginning of the year, can you maybe just talk about what you're doing? And while I know you might not be ready to give 24 guidance, do you think you could potentially hold the line on expenses and keep them relatively flat given the challenging revenue environment into 24? Thanks. 
A - David Turner: Yeah, so I don't think it should be a surprise to anybody that revenue is going to be challenging. That's been out there for a while. We've known it, and as a result, we started working on our expense management and our continuous improvement program throughout 2023.  In this particular quarter, unfortunately, we had some things that, the fraud, pension settlement, we had some equipment and software costs that won't repeat at the level that we had, and some professional fees that we incurred that we don't think will be repeated.  That being said, we're going to need to even double down on expense management for 2024. We're not going to give you guidance for that, but I think suffice it to say, our reported number that we have for 20 -- we should be able to have our number in 2024 to be underneath our reported number for 2023. How much, we'll give you guidance as we get towards the end of the year, but yeah, I think we can -- we should be able to be underneath that number. 
John Turner: I'll just add, Ryan, we've demonstrated I think over time, a commitment to effectively manage expenses, and it's our intention to continue doing that. We realize the importance of it. 
Ryan Nash : I appreciate all the color. 
A - David Turner: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question. 
A - David Turner: Hey, John. 
John Pancari: Good morning. Good morning. On the fraud costs, if you could give us a little bit more color on that. Were they running higher than expected, than you had expected when you discussed them last quarter? And why are they  have they been persistent given the issue that you discovered?  And also that $25 million per quarter of fraud costs that you flagged for 2024, is that brand new or was that already to a degree baked into your run rate expectation as you look at 2024, or is this brand new, given the longer than expected persistence of this issue? 
David Turner: Yeah. So, let me answer the second question first. So the $25 million per quarter is slightly higher than our historical run rate. Fraud has increased dramatically in the industry. We seem to be the ones calling out. It's hit us very hard.  To your first question, this was a different scheme this time than what we've reported on last quarter. And unfortunately, this scheme that they had, you don't know about until the banks on which the checks are written notify you that that's not a good item, and it takes about 50 to 60 days before you know that.  We can look at when events occurred, and we can kind of see a pattern where we feel reasonably confident that we're not going to see that kind of increase going forward from the schemes that we've seen. And of course, we're putting in new controls, we're putting in new technology, and it's very disappointing.  We have the 25 John, a bit higher. Call it $5 million higher than we historically have had, because this is just a big deal in the industry and so we want to be a bit conservative. We'll give you better guidance on expenses, including fraud, when we get to reporting on 2024 expectations later, but  so it's a tad higher, but. 
John Pancari: Okay. All right, David. Thank you. And then I guess related to that, any  I mean given this is the second visible fraud issue to come up in as many quarters, are you getting any pressure incrementally from regulators to invest more actively like you said, around these new controls that you're putting in or any input there?  And then separately, on the capital front, you talk about buybacks likely to resume in the near term. Can you maybe give us some color on the timing and potential magnitude there? 
David Turner: Sure. So we won't talk about our relationships with our regulators, but fraud is our issue. If we have to have our regulators tell us what to do with regards to fraud or anything else, we've probably already missed that boat. So it's not a  that's not an issue.  We're highly disappointed in it. We're working hard. We have found some people that have committed fraud. They've been put in jail. But it's again, the industry report we saw is up from $17 billion in 22 to $25 billion of fraud in 24 thus far. So it's  and 23, sorry. So it's affecting all of us, but it seems to have gotten us at a kind of concentrated in these two quarters. And again, I feel confident we put in controls and we'll be putting in more and monitoring it going forward.  Relative to capital, yeah, so we're at 10.3 on common equity tier one. We now have seen the Basel-III end-game proposal. We'll be going through and providing our comment letter on that, as well as that NPR. We feel confident in kind of where we are relative to that and the implementation timeframe. Hopefully we get a bit of reprieve on that. But even if we didn't, we feel that we're in a good place to be able to implement that without too much harm, and there's no need for us to continue to let our capital to continue to increase.  We accrete 20, 30 basis points of capital every quarter. So if we did nothing, we would be pushing on 10.6, that's just higher than we need. And so we think we can enter into buybacks as soon as we get out of the blackout period. And what we left in our comments was we would operate close around that 10% CET1 number. 
John Pancari: Great. Thanks David. I appreciate it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
John Turner: Hey Ebrahim. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning. I guess, thanks for the color on CRE office. Just was wondering if you can talk about anything beyond CRE office, particularly on multifamily in any of the Sunbelt states. We've read articles about just oversupply in some of these markets like Raleigh, Austin, etc. Just talk to us, one, in terms of exposure, and if whether or not you're seeing softness with multifamily. 
John Turner: So Ebrahim. This is John Turner. Our total exposure I think in multifamily exceeds just above $3 billion. It is a very diverse portfolio spread across 137 total sub markets, some number like that. We are in terms of concentrations, our top five exposures would be in cities that you would recognize; Dallas, Houston, Charlotte, Raleigh, Orlando, Miami, places where we have just historically banked and have a presence.  We don't have any concentrations at all in any of those markets that would exceed. I think one exception would exceed 5%, 6%, so again, good diversity. We are seeing some softening of rents, increasing costs associated with interest costs. About a little over 50% of the portfolio is currently still under construction. So we expect that those construction projects to be completed over the next 24 months to deliver out.  We're not  while we're watching it closely, we really haven't seen any adverse movement within the portfolio to speak of. And again, given the location of our projects which are in suburban markets, given the diversity of the distribution across geographies and the location primarily in the Sunbelt, we feel good about our multifamily portfolio. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And just a separate question in terms of the deposit beta outlook that you mentioned. How are you thinking about this in terms of the mix of customers? One, are you seeing consumer that's being depleted because of usage and that's driving deposit NIB or deposits low? Talk about that to some extent.  Then, where do you see CDs shaking out in terms of impact from borrowers, from deposit customers and where CD mix could be 12 months from now if we don't get any rate cuts? Thanks. 
David Turner: Yeah, you were breaking up there a little bit, but I think you were saying, what are we seeing in terms of movement of NIB into CDs?  So that's been the big change thus far for us. I think our CDs are right at 10%, just under 10% of our book, of our total deposit book. That could grow. We do have money market offers that we're working on. We want to be competitive.  This remix has been really relegated to high net worth customers that are taking excess cash and putting it to work. And the reason we think that that remix is somewhere in the three to five to go is because that customer base gets down to having the amount of cash in their account relative to the spin pattern that they had pre-pandemic. And so I think that happens by the end of next year  I mean, the middle of next year.  As we think about where CD balances could be as a percentage of total deposits, maybe you pick up another 2% or 3% through that remix. And it really is dependent on how we think about other offers, money market, and we're working on that. So there could be some mix in terms of how that 3% to 5% gets put to work, but specific to CDs, 2% to 3%. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
John Turner: Hi Ken. 
Ken Usdin: Hey, David. Hey, John. Just a quick question on the B side. Clear guidance for the fourth quarter. Just those service charges continue to come in much better, $590 million for the year. Obviously, an implied lower exit for the fourth quarter. Any line of sight in terms of like, are we getting close to the leveling out period here on that service charges line in terms of, I know cash management has been outgrowing the other pieces, but is this kind of the right level of use going forward?
David Turner: Yeah, I think from a fee standpoint, let's break down the two big pieces. So our service charge number relative to our 24 hour grace, that was implemented in the middle of the second quarter. So we have a full quarter run rate on that. We don't see that changing materially. We've been very proud of our treasury management team. They have done a good job of penetrating our commercial base and were seeing that hold up pretty well. So I don't think you should see the kind of decline in service charges that you just saw.  The only thing that can affect us in fees would be, there's a discussion going on with debit interchange and there's been percentages thrown out as to what that may mean just to level set with everybody. We have about $310 million of debit per year. So whatever percentage change we have, you can do your own math on that. We're not sure that that will even come out, but that's been mentioned and so we thought -- I thought I'd just put that out there. 
Ken Usdin: Yeah, that's fair. And David, can I just come back on that capital point? You're comfortably in that 10 plus zone and there's obviously not a lot of current growth in the loan book. So just the push and pull of potentially reengaging in the buyback versus just keeping where you are in a more uncertain environment. Kind of just walk us through just what would be your thought process there? 
David Turner: Sure. So as you know, we do an awful lot of stress testing. We do it constantly. We have our CCAR submission. We have a midyear submission. We feel very confident that even if we go into a recession, which we are not calling for, but even if we did, that we'd have capital to withstand that.  So, it's all about optimization Ken, and we think that  we still believe our operating range of 925 to 975 is the right range for regions based on our risk profile.  That being said, we've had an NPR. We have uncertainty going on. So we added 50 basis points to give us the flexibility to adapt and overcome whatever environment is thrown at us. We don't see the need to take 10.3 and let it ride up to 10.6, 10.9 and keep going and so that's what gives us confidence.  We don't have a big CRE book like others do. We don't have the risk that some others do. And we have a very good engine. Our PPNR engine is among the strongest because of our deposit profile that we have. And so we have confidence that our earnings stream is going to get us where we need to be, and we think that we have enough capital right now. So if we generate more, we can buy our stock back. 
Ken Usdin: Got it. Okay. Thanks David. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 
John Turner: Good morning. 
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. David, my first question is for you. I feel like given the reaction of the stock, I think it's probably best to completely de-risk consensus numbers, right. So forgive me for asking a super specific question, but based on the disclosure of the swap book and everything that you're telling us about deposit behavior and hire for longer, it seems like you could hit that sort of 3.50 trough in the first quarter, kind of stay there, maybe go up a little bit and then get towards 3.6, if not a little bit over 3.6 by 4Q 23. So that gives you sort of a full year of let's call it between 3.5 and 3.55 for a 24. Again, based on the forward curve, based on slow growth. Does that feel fair? 
David Turner: I think you're pretty good at math. I don't know if that's  you've nailed exactly. 
John Turner: We're not giving any guidance. 
David Turner: Weve not given any guidance. You've done pretty well. You're understanding exactly how this works in terms of a bigger down draft in the fourth quarter than you'll see in the first part of the year and then be able to grow from there. So directionally, you're exactly right. 
Erika Najarian: Got it. And I'll follow-up with David [inaudible] with the balance sheet later, because I do want to ask the second question to John. I think, I guess what was surprising to me is that you had like a BNPL solar thing to begin with, right. So Regions has done a great job at not only convincing investors that it's completely changed in terms of the writing and risk management, but also that in the numbers.  And I guess this is a two part question. Number one, as you think about an uncertain macro head, do you feel like you've sort of fully captured like things like that, the BNPL solar that you're now discontinuing that may not be something that you would normally do under your risk management profile?  And maybe the follow-up question to that is the 35, 45 basis points. I think a lot of investors are thinking about a mild recession in 2024. Maybe it just feels like for bank investors versus other types of investors. But in that case, where would Regions peak in a mild recession relative to that 35, 45 basis point range for next year? 
John Turner: I think the answer to your first question is yes, to anything that we're  we feel like we've been through our portfolios, certainly been through the new businesses we've acquired and any products or programs that don't meet our risk and return profiles we've exited.  And in the case of this particular program, as I mentioned, we exited it in 2022. Because of the structure of it, we've only begun to see some results. And frankly, those results probably are consistent with our expectations when we shut the program down.  So we are continuing to always evaluating the performance of our products, of our capabilities, our businesses, our portfolios, to ensure that we're getting an appropriate return on the business that we do, and so I'm pretty comfortable there.  With respect to our guidance of 35 to 45 basis points, in the period of 2014 to 2019, our average charge-offs were 38 basis points. And so I think we still  and we have contemplated, we believe, what we consider to be the probability of a soft landing versus a mild recession in our projections for charge-offs. At this point, still feel good about the 35 to 45 basis points in 2024. 
David Turner: I would add. This is David, that if you think about recessions, probably if it comes, it would be, we think, fairly mild. As we look at consumers and we look at them through the checking account and activity going in there. We look at businesses; we talk to our business partners all the time. Businesses and consumers are in pretty good shape and in particular for the consumer, if you look at housing prices, those continue to remain strong. And a lot of our lending, if you will, in the consumer space is tied to the house, to the home.  So I think that we have a bit of a buffer, and going back to the history that John just mentioned, the 38 basis points between 14 and 19 gives us confidence that even if we did that, we'd be in that range.
John Turner: Yeah.
Erika Najarian: Thank you. 
John Turner: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
John Turner: Good morning.
Manan Gosalia: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You noted that high rates are pushing up deposit betas and also changing the mix in NIB, NIB deposits. Some of your peers have been saying we're closer to the end of this. Do you think that there's anything different that you're seeing versus peers or is your deposit strategy changing in any way given the increased likelihood of higher for longer rates?
John Turner: I don't think our deposit base, if anything, is a bit better than the peer group. We don't have anything unique to us that would cause our beta to be higher than anybody else in this rising rate environment. As a matter of fact, we did happen to grow more non-interest bearing deposits during the pandemic than most of our peers and that's being put to work. So that element of it, maybe that piece of it is a bit different. And that's what we called for in the guidance that we've given you, that it would remix into interest bearing accounts.  We still have a low loan deposit ratio. We still have, not wholesale funded. So, I don't think that whatever the beta is in the industry, Regions is going to be better than that. We're already better than that right now with a beta of 34% and the peers are at 49% on a peer median basis right now. So I just don't think that if it's coming to the end, then it'll come to the end for us too. 
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And then just a separate question on liquidity. Several of your peers have increased their levels of cash this quarter. How do you think about managing your liquidity ahead of any changes in the LCR rules? 
David Turner: Yes, so we still have, again, a very liquid balance sheet access to that. We maintain a good cash position right now. We haven't added to our securities book as much as some others. We think to the extent LCR comes in, we'll be able to be compliant with that without any major changes to our structure of our balance sheet.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our final question comes from a line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please receive your question.
John Turner: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy : Hey, John. Hey, David. David, can we circle back to the Shared National Credit exam? I'm curious. Obviously, it's changed over the years, and if I recall correctly, they examined those books both in the spring and the fall, which you referenced. And we'll get the results early in February or sometime in February.  But can you share with us any color, like, what was the emphasis? Was it on leverage loans? Was it on office commercial real estate? Was there greater stress in certain markets over others? Just any elaboration would be helpful. 
John Turner: Yeah. Gerard, this is John. We didn't notice anything specific about the most recent exam. It was broad-based, both with respect to product type and business and geography. 
Gerard Cassidy : Very good. And then you guys touched a little bit about the economy in your markets. You give us, obviously, the forecast you use and building out CECL reserves. What are you guys seeing down there? There's so many cross-currents going on in the national numbers. Still, I'm assuming there's strength. There's employment strength. There's business strength. Any color there would be helpful as well. 
John Turner: Yes. Across the southeast, which is where 86% of our deposits are in seven southeastern states, we had Texas that goes above 90%. We're still seeing a pretty strong economy, and seven of the eight southeastern states that we would point to, unemployment rates are at or near historical lows. Customers are still  consumers are still in a very good position. There's plenty of work. There are routinely economic development projects, new jobs being announced across markets; Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia, Florida, Mississippi. Of course, Texas is continuing to do really well.  So I'd say customer sentiment is still positive, but cautious given all the things that are going on, both the national and international geopolitical level. But customers are  businesses are still doing pretty well, and the consumer definitely is. 
Gerard Cassidy : Actually, John, just to follow-up quickly there, and putting the geopolitical international issues on the side for a moment, do you have any sense what the customers are looking for to give them more confidence? Is it a Fed finishing with interest rates, raising interest rates that we get to that terminal rate or is it better  the better budgeting out of Washington?  Because we hear this from your peers as well, so it's not uncommon. But were  I'm trying to figure out what the catalyst will be where businesses really get confident again. 
John Turner: I think the biggest thing is the Federal Reserve and the Fed making a declaration that inflation is now under control and that they are not going to continue to raise rates, don't have to continue to raise rates. I think sending that message and creating a sense that the environment is more stable than others might, business owners may feel today would be hugely helpful.  With respect to what's going on on the national level, politically, I don't know that I have an answer for you there, and I don't expect that to change any time in the near term. 
Gerard Cassidy : Great. No, I appreciate it. Thank you. 
John Turner : Okay. That's all the callers for today. I appreciate your participating. Thank you. I'll just say it has been an unusual quarter. Had a number of things going on but at the core our business is really sound and solid. We have spent the last 10 years working to build a balance sheet and income statement that's going to be consistently performing, sustainable and resilient. We believe we've done that. We have a lot of confidence in our future performance and appreciate your support. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants online have been placed to listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question and answer portion. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Christine. Welcome to Regions second quarter 2023 earnings call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding the quarter. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer and non-GAAP information, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A. I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. Once again, Regions delivered another solid quarter, underscoring our commitment to generating consistent, sustainable long-term performance. We generated earnings of $556 million resulting in earnings per share of $0.59 and one of the best return on average tangible common equity ratios in our peer group at 24%. Our consistent strong earnings performance has given the board confidence to increase the quarterly common stock dividend by 20%, which was officially reported in a press release earlier this week. Although some lingering economic uncertainty remains, we feel good about our ability to carry this momentum into the second half of the year. We continue to benefit from our strong and diverse balance sheet, robust liquidity position, and prudent credit risk management. Our proactive hedging strategies have positioned us for success in any interest rate environment and our granular deposit base and relationship-based banking approach continue to serve us well. Overall, sentiment among our corporate customers remains relatively positive despite ongoing labor shortages, persistent inflationary pressure and slowly improving supply chain issues. In fact, most are continuing to forecast solid performance in 2023, although they are expecting modest declines from levels experienced in 2022. We remain committed to serving our customers while maintaining our focus on risk-adjusted returns. We are being judicious with capital, preserving it for our best clients and relationships. Year-to-date, the corporate bank has grown loans 2%, in line with our expectations with the vast majority of this growth coming from existing customers. Our consumer customers also remain healthy. Unemployment in 7 of our 8 top states remains at or near historical lows. And housing prices in 13 of our 15 states are forecast to outperform the HPI Index in 2023. Wages in much of our footprint have kept pace with or exceeded increases in inflation. And as a result, consumer deposit balances and credit card payment rates remain higher than pre-pandemic levels. Our credit quality remains strong. Although normalization continues, charge-offs remain below historical through the cycle levels. We also continue to benefit from the strategic investments we are making in our business. For example, over the last few years, we focused on enhancing our treasury management suite of products and services. We have invested in talent and technology, including data and analytics, improving our ability to provide our clients with data-driven insights. Today, our relationship managers lead every prospective client conversation with a cash flow mindset, enabling us to clearly understand our customer needs. We are very pleased with the success of our treasury management business, which has produced 13% revenue growth year-over-year. Although our penetration rate for treasury management solutions ranks among the top versus peers, we continue to see further opportunity in our existing customer base, particularly in lowering the commercial. Additionally, during the second quarter, we introduced Regions no-cost overdraft grace feature, giving consumers the opportunity to remedy overdrafts and avoid fees. To-date, the data indicates that customers are seeing an approximate 30% reduction in the occurrence of assessed fees. We are excited about the financial benefits and flexibility our customers are enjoying as a result of the changes we have made over the past 2 years. We also continue to actively search for investment opportunities with respect to mortgage servicing rights. And during the last 18 months, we have acquired the rights to service approximately $23 billion in mortgage loans through a combination of bulk purchases and flow deals. These are just a few examples of our commitment to investing in markets, technology, talent and capabilities that grow and diversify our revenue base and enhance offerings to our customers. Now, Dave will provide some highlights regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Lets start with the balance sheet. Average loans increased 1% sequentially. Average business loans also increased 1% reflecting high-quality, broad-based growth across the telecommunications, multifamily and energy industries. Loan demand remained stable during the quarter and we had the opportunity to continue growing faster. However, as John mentioned, we are committed to appropriate risk-adjusted returns and now is not the time to stretch for growth. We are focused on supporting existing customers, where we have a relationship and proven history. Approximately, 84% of this quarters business loan growth was driven by existing clients access and expanding their credit lines. Average consumer loans increased 1%, as growth in mortgage and Interbank was partially offset by declines in home equity and runoff exit portfolios. Looking forward, we expect 2023 ending loan growth of 3% to 4%. From a deposit standpoint, our deposit base remains a strength and a differentiating factor across the peer set with balances continuing to largely perform as expected. Our deposits are highly operational in nature, granular in size and generally receive more coverage through FDIC insurance than most peers. Although banking turmoil late in the first quarter introduced some additional uncertainty to the companys outlook, deposits largely performed as expected, ending the first half of the year down $4.8 billion. As part of our practice of maintaining a diversity of funding sources, total deposits include approximately $1 billion of deposits composed of brokered CDs and wholesale market transactions. Recall, this is in addition to the brokered CDs we acquired as part of the Interbank acquisition, which are maturing over time. Deposit declines came largely from higher balance and more rate-sensitive customers across all three businesses. We also saw continued diversification of customer dollars across various Regions offerings, such as from interest-free checking to CDs or money market deposits and movement out of deposits to offerings through our wealth management platform and in the corporate banking segment, utilization of off-balance sheet money market mutual fund solutions. In the case of corporate clients, overall liquidity under management has remained solid, increasing almost 3% since the end of the first quarter. Looking forward, a tightening Federal Reserve observed through increasing interest rates and reductions in the Federal Reserves balance sheet, along with heightened competition will likely continue to constrain deposit growth for the industry through year end. Accordingly, we expect deposits to be modestly lower over the balance of the year and we expect the continued remixing into interest-bearing categories. So, lets shift to net interest income and margin. As expected, net interest income declined by 2.5% in the second quarter. This represents the beginning of a reversion elevated net interest income and margin levels back towards our longer term range, mostly due to deposit and funding cost normalization. Regions balance sheet remains asset sensitive. As the Federal Reserve nears the end of its tightening cycle, the net interest income is supported by elevated floating rate loan and cash yields at higher market interest rates and fixed rate asset turnover from the maturity of lower yielding loans and securities. At this stage in the rate cycle, we expect deposit cost increases through a continuation of repricing and remixing trends. Importantly, recent trends remain within our expectation. The cycle-to-date deposit beta is 26% and our guidance for 2023 is unchanged, a 35% cycle-to-date beta by year end. Longer term, deposit performance will be heavily influenced by the amount of time monetary policy remains tight. Deposit betas could ultimately exceed the 35% in 2024 assuming higher rates for water. Regardless, we remain confident that our deposit composition will provide a meaningful competitive advantage for Regions when compared to the broader industry. Net interest income is projected to grow between 12% and 14% in 2023 when compared to 2022. The midpoint of the range is supported using June 30 market forward interest rates or approximately 1 additional 25 basis point hike this year. Third quarter net interest income is expected to decline approximately 5% driven by continued deposit and funding cost normalization and the beginning of the active hedging period for a number of previously transacted forward starting received fixed swaps. The balance sheet hedging program is an important source of earnings stability in todays uncertain environment. Hedges added to-date create a well-protected net interest margin profile through 2025. While no meaningful hedging was transacted during the quarter, we continue to look for opportunities to add balance sheet protection beyond 2025 at attractive market rate levels. Since quarter end, we have added $1 billion of forward starting swaps and $500 million of forward starting rate collars, near recent highs that will become effective in 2026, 2027 and 2028. The resulting balance sheet is constructed to support a net interest margin range of 3.6% to 4% over the coming years, even if interest rates move back towards 1%. If rates remain elevated, our net interest margin is projected to remain at or above the midpoint of the range. Lets take a look at fee revenue and expense. Adjusted non-interest income increased 8% from the prior quarter as increases in capital markets and card and ATM fees were partially offset by declines in other categories. Total capital markets income increased $26 million. Excluding the impact of CVA and DVA, capital markets increased 3% sequentially driven primarily by growth in real estate capital markets, partially offset by declines in M&A fees, debt underwriting and loan syndication income. We had a negative $9 million CVA and DVA adjustment, reflecting credit spread tightening during the quarter. However, this was a $24 million improvement versus the first quarter. Card and ATM fees increased 7% driven by seasonally higher spend and transaction volume as well as a first quarter $5 million rewards reserve adjustment that did not repeat. Service charges declined slightly during the quarter. As John mentioned, we introduced our overdraft grace feature in mid-June. Based on our experience to-date, we now expect full year service charges of approximately $575 million. With respect to outlook, we continue to expect full year 2023 adjusted total revenue to be up 6% to 8% compared to 2022. Lets move on to non-interest expense. Adjusted non-interest expense increased 8% compared to the prior quarter and includes the previously announced elevated operating losses related to check fraud. Excluding the approximately $80 million associated with incremental check fraud incurred this quarter, adjusted non-interest expenses remained relatively stable versus the prior quarter. We have effective countermeasures in place and losses have returned to normalized levels. Salaries and benefits decreased 2%, primarily due to lower payroll taxes and 401(k) expense. Partially offset by an entire quarter of annual merit increases and higher head count. The FDIC insurance assessment increase was driven by changes in various inputs, including normalized credit conditions and increases in average assets. We remain committed to prudently managing expenses in order to continue funding investments in our business, including optimizing square footage. As an example, this quarter, we entered into an agreement to sell two of our largest operations centers, totaling over 450,000 square feet. We will continue to refine our expense base, focusing on our largest categories, which include salaries and benefits, occupancy and vendor spend. We expect full year 2023 adjusted non-interest expenses to be up approximately 6.5% and continue to expect to generate positive adjusted operating leverage. From an asset quality standpoint, overall credit performance continues to normalize as expected. Net charge-offs were 33 basis points in the quarter. Non-performing loans decreased while business service criticized loans and total delinquencies increased. Provision expense was $118 million or $37 million in excess of net charge-offs. The allowance for credit loss ratio increased 2 basis points to 1.65% and the allowance as a percentage of non-performing loans increased to 332%. The allowance increased due primarily to normalizing credit, modest economic outlook changes and loan growth. Allowance for credit losses on the office portfolio increased from 2.2% in to 2.7%. Importantly, the single office loan on non-performing status is paying as agreed. Additionally, the vast majority of our office exposure is in Class A properties, located primarily within the Sunbelt. Overall, we continue to feel good about the composition of our office book and do not expect any meaningful loss in this portfolio. While we expect net charge-offs will continue to normalize over the back half of the year, we continue to expect our full year 2023 net charge-off ratio to be approximately 35 basis points. We also expect to return to our historical through-the-cycle annual charge-off range of 35 to 45 basis points in 2024. From a capital standpoint, we ended the quarter with a common equity Tier 1 and ratio at an estimated 10.1%. Although we were not required to participate in this years supervisory capital stress test, we did receive our preliminary stress capital buffer reflecting planned capital changes, including the dividend increase John referenced. Our preliminary stress capital buffer will remain at 2.5% from the fourth quarter of 2023 and through the third quarter of 2024. Additionally, we have access to sources of liquidity at June 30, totaling approximately $53 billion including collateral we have in a ready status at the Federal Home Loan Bank, the Federal Reserves Bank term funding program and the discount window. These sources are sufficient to cover all retail uninsured deposits plus wholesale non-operational deposits by approximately a 3:1 ratio. Given current macroeconomic conditions, and regulatory uncertainty, we anticipate continuing to manage capital levels at or modestly above 10% over the near-term. And finally, we have a slide summarizing our expectations which we have addressed throughout the prepared comments. With that, we will move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking the question. Just wanted to ask a little on the deposit pricing thoughts, so you kept the interest-bearing deposit beta assumption, which was great, but softened the deposit growth expectation a bit. Maybe a follow-up or two on how you are thinking about the balance between flows and pricing? And then when we think about that beta assumption potentially going higher into next year as you had suggested vis--vis the third  current 35% expectation, what are sort of the major puts and takes as you think about it? I mean, obviously sort of time is a big one, but would just be curious to hear your thoughts?
David Turner: Sure. This is David. So with regards to deposit pricing, its important that I understand that we think about our customers, we talk to our business leaders in terms of what we need to do to support our customer base and whats going on from a competitive landscape. And so through that we form an opinion as to what our deposit beta ought to be. And I would tell you that going into last quarter. Weve had 35% beta now for  since the beginning of the year. We had a little bit cushion in that, we believe, pretty conservative, based on what weve seen and the competitive pressures that weve seen and obviously, events of March 8. Its probably not as conservative. We believe its the right number, but we dont have as much conservatism in it as we had. With regards to what we are thinking about beta going into 2024, we really need to understand what the Fed is thinking. And right now, if they have one more increase and kind of stay on hold for a while. You probably have a couple of quarters before betas stopped creeping up on you. So we had originally called for the end of the cycle at the end 2023 because this has been elongated a bit, the cycle is going to continue into 2024 to some degree. And thats all dependent on when they stop. And so if they have one more increase at the next meeting, it will be sooner if they keep going another increase after that, it will be later. So those are probably the biggest individual drivers. You have other things like competition, what we have to be competitive. And so what our competition does, we have to react to some degree. So thats another driver. And then the overall Fed balance sheet. So the Fed is down about $800 billion since the beginning of the year. The balance sheet is going to continue to drift down a little bit, which will take liquidity out of the system and put some pressure on there. So there are several things. Thats why its hard to be precise on what the beta is going to be. But I think there should be some expectation that there is a little bit of increase in 2024, the amount of which we cant tell you precisely, we will continue to look and search for that and update you as we change our opinion on that.
Scott Siefers: Wonderful. Thank you very much. And then I wanted to ask just a super quick one on sort of the background behind the favorable $25 million adjustment you made to the expected full year service charges number. It sounds like its simply a better understanding based on the early observations from the rollout of the new industry, but would love to hear any incremental color you have there as well, please?
David Turner: Yes, it actually wasnt that. The driver is because our  whats embedded in the service charge is also treasury management. And our treasury management group has done a great job this year growing relationships were up about 9% or relationships. And if you look at revenue, our revenue on treasury management is up some 13%. And so we saw that happen in the first part  the first quarter. We want to see if it continued it did in the second quarter. And so our service charge from 24-hour grace is about what we where we forecasted it. So you add all that together and just on a run-rate basis, you can see we are going to be higher than what we had originally guided and that was the single driver.
Scott Siefers: Thats perfect. Alright. Thank you. Again, I appreciate you taking the questions.
David Turner: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, John. Good morning, David.
David Turner: Hi, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: David, can you share with us, I know we dont know what the final outcomes will be from the regulatory changes that are on the horizon possibly we get them next week. But can you share with us how you guys were thinking about how it might impact you in terms of the long-term debt portion of the TLAC as well as the higher risk-weighted asset assumptions possibly from mortgages, which came out, I think this week, any other issues that are surrounding this whole regulatory change thats on the horizon?
David Turner: Sure. So let me just give you an overall comment then I will break down some of the elements. So overall, Gerard, what we are hearing, what we are seeing, we can  we will be able to adapt and overcome whatever it is that we have to. We think the Fed is going to give us all time to adapt to whatever those changes are going to be without any major disruption. So specifically on debt, we are hearing potentially a 6% of RWA number for those over $100 million. Maybe there is some tailoring, but lets just use the 6% for easy math. Thats an incremental $5 billion of debt for us that we will have to raise over time. We will be able to leverage that $5 billion into our business and including putting some of it at the bank that will reduce our deposit insurance premium some. And when you wrap all that together, you are talking about 60 to 70 basis points of all-in cost for us on that $5 billion. So youre talking about $35 million bottom line hit if that were to happen, fully implemented. So its just not  its not something thats pretty easy to overcome. We dont think its necessary, but we dont get to make the rules. We just have to adapt and overcome. With regards to the RWA, so were hearing conflicting things. There is clearly some additional operational risk were going to have to put into RWAs, were supposed to get some benefit, though, on the credit side, whether it be from mortgages or investment grade. If all that happens like Basel intended, then its a push and no big deal. On the other hand, if we dont get the benefits were supposed to on the credit risk weights, then that will cost us a little bit of capital. And again, we will feather that in over time. Outside of Basel, but probably part of the MDR that will be coming out will be AOCI. AOCI is likely to be in the capital regime going forward, which, on a stress basis, actually is helpful because youre AOCIs in a gain position. But in a rising rate environment, which is good for banking because thats where we make most of our money. From a capital standpoint, youll have to strip that AOCI in over time. Again, they are talking about starting maybe in 2025 or 2026 and then giving you 3 to 5 years to do that. And again, we can  we will be able to handle that. Some of that takes care of itself just because of the maturities of the investment portfolio and so  and then rates coming down the other way. So again, the bottom line is where I started, whatever it is, we will adapt and overcome.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then I think you guys mentioned that you sold a couple of operation centers or youre in agreement to sell a couple of operation centers. I didnt hear, are you going to vacate them as well? Or is it just more of a sales leaseback situation? And then second, the price you received for them, how does that compare to what they may have been valued a couple of years ago at?
David Turner: Yes. So the first part is we will lease one of the buildings back some of the square footage for a relatively short period of time to help us transition. But for the most part, were going to be vacating both of those buildings. I mean the world has changed since we built all of that. And so we just dont need to see. And of course, working remotely has been a piece of that, too. So we think its a good deal, not only for our customer base, but for our community because whats going there, we think, will be very helpful to the community. Were going to be able to get out of sell that. It will be at write a book value to a slight gain on the sale, not anything to write home about, but we will make a little bit of money on that.
Gerard Cassidy: And David was the values lower than what you think if you would have sold those 2 or 3 years ago? Just to tie into the whole commercial real estate lower values that were hearing about.
John Turner: Yes. Gerard, its John. Im not sure its a relevant question. Were selling to the taxing authority that  so were selling to the city that we occupied and our tax valuation was unchanged over the 3-year period. And so its based on tax valuation. So Im not sure that we can give you a good answer to your question.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it, okay. No, I appreciate that, John. Thank you.
John Turner: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
Ken Usdin: Hey, good morning. David, just wondering your expectations for deposits to go down a little bit towards the end of the year, and you mentioned the additions of some of those brokered CDs. Im just wondering what you think of the trajectory for average earning assets from here, if the right size kind of coming down a little bit in loan growth, youve kind of given your clear view of that and just wondering how that fits in with the securities and cash in between in terms of what AA does?
David Turner: Yes. I think youll see a modest decline there, Ken. I think the deposit decline normalization. Remember, we had a lot of surge deposits. Weve been calling for run off a bit. We were pretty close to our number through the second quarter. Rates are higher or longer. I think thats going to have some switching costs associated with it. There is going to be some off-balance sheet movement as well. We think our non-interest-bearing drifts down to that mid-30s, which is what weve been calling for. I think today, were at about 37%. So as a result of that decline, you should expect earning assets to decline along with that. When we talk about modestly, were talking 1% to 2%, frankly. And  but we will see. Were continuing to grow checking accounts. The core of our franchise are checking accounts and operating accounts, and we are all over trying to grow that and take advantage of the markets that were in, which is very favorable as we see the migration of people and businesses into our markets. So we think this is some more normalization and then we think it kind of settles out after that modest decline.
Ken Usdin: Great. Okay. Got it. And just on the loan side, I was just wondering, resi mortgage and interbank have been the biggest parts of your loan growth for a while now. Just wondering, is that continue to be your expectation of where youll get the majority of growth? And within that, I guess, if you can just give us an update on how interbank has been doing relative to your expectations. Thanks, David.
David Turner: Sure. So our growth has really driven the far in total from the commercial side. That is going to slow a bit. We can just  as we talk to customers, we could see the demand for credit isnt quite what it was. Obviously, there are transactions that are harder to get done in real estate because we are based on the where rates are, were requiring more equity in the deal and developers dont want to do that. So things dont happen. There is still a big demand for housing, our resi portfolio, we will continue to grow some. We have a good group of MLOs that are out there. The housing supply is still way below where it should be. Now rates are up. And so, thats going to  going to mute things. From an interbank standpoint, weve had pretty good growth. They have met the expectations that we have laid out for them. We will see some slowing a bit in the second half and into 2024. We had a pretty big solar program going at one-time. The math on that got to a point where it was not as profitable as we had originally hoped for. And so we are not going to chase loan growth until  unless we can get paid appropriately for the risk that we take. As a result, thats going to slow a bit and interbank. That being said, were very happy with what they are doing and youre going to see growth just not at the pace that we have had.
Ken Usdin: Prefect. Great, thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Rochester with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
Dave Rochester: Hey, good morning, guys.
John Turner: Good morning. 
Dave Rochester: On your NII guide, I was just wondering about the timing of the rate hike youre factoring in there. It sounded like youre assuming July. I just wanted to confirm that. And then on your deposit comments youre factoring in that decline further on the GDA side and just overall. Just wondering what the rough average cost is of that incremental deposits that youre bringing in to replace some of that DDA? Whats your assumption there? Is it 5%, 5.5%? Or is it closer to maybe some of your lower core accounts?
David Turner: Yes, its right at 5%. And youre correct, we did factor in the increase  rate increase in July.
Dave Rochester: Okay. Great. Maybe on capital, the plan to manage CET1 at or slightly above 10%, given youre there now, I just wanted to get your thoughts on the changes of your restarting the buyback once you get more clarity on the capital requirements next week or do you think there is maybe a better possibility that you restart that 4Q?
David Turner: Its probably more likely a 4Q. We keep thinking were going to get clarification. We thought June 30 has been pushed out. So we dont know exactly when were going to get it. But whatever we do, we will shift through the material and we will come up with an appropriate plan. Until we know that plan, it just doesnt make any sense. I mean we had, I think, the highest return this quarter on tangible common equity. There is just no need for us to push on the  to push on share buyback right now. Lets just be a little bit cautious and deal with the new rules. And then after that, if buying our shares back is appropriate, then thats what we will do.
Dave Rochester: Okay. And maybe one, last one on credit. Just wanted to get your thoughts on your office reserve ratio at this point. I know you dont know whats in the other office book out there in some of these other banks but were just seeing reserve ratios that are a little bit more elevated at some of the larger banks. And I know you mentioned you dont expect any losses in that book. I was just hoping you could just talk a little bit more about whats giving you comfort with that the two handle that youve got on there right now on the reserves? Thank you.
John Turner: Sure, yes. This is John. Ill answer that. So our office portfolio is about $1.7 billion, roughly 36% of that portfolio is single tenant. And of that single tenant exposure, 82% is investment grade. So we sort of look at that $700 million and feel like we understand that. Its well secured, its performing. So then we look at the $1 billion portfolio that remains thats multi-tenant, 63% of that is in the Sunbelt. Beyond that, it is well diversified geographically. Largest concentration we have is in the Dallas-Fort Worth market, where about 20% of the portfolio, our exposure actually resides. There are about 100 credits make up that $1 billion. So we have very good visibility into the relationships and to the performance of those particular credits. When I think about how were doing, weve been talking to customers well in advance of maturities, and we have a fair number of maturities in 2023 and 2024. Performance to date has been good. Weve had 13 credits that have matured already this year and over half of those or half of those credits had an extension option, which they were able to exercise. Another 20% plus renewed based on our current credit underwriting standards and the balance either paid off. We have one credit that were still working on. Thats the one non-accrual that we have in the portfolio. And so all in all, our assessment of our portfolio, our office portfolio is pretty good. We have said we dont think we have any significant losses in the portfolio, and thats been confirmed by, again, conversations were having with customers our visibility into whats occurred to date and what we think will occur over the next 12 to 18 months.
Dave Rochester: Great. Thanks for all the color. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question. 
Matt OConnor: Hi, good morning. Can you guys just remind us where you are on the system upgrades on the loan and deposit platforms and what the benefits are once thats done?
David Turner: Yes. So we are in the formative stage of putting in our new systems focusing on the deposit system. It will be the biggest and all of them are important to us, but that was really important to us. We are planning right now, were laying the foundation. We are spending some money. Weve been spending money for quite some time. but youre not going to see benefits for a number of years, Matt. Weve got to go through. And weve learned from talking to others that have gone through these type journeys is, it is much better to take your time and be planful. It will reduce  ultimately will reduce overall costs. So were going through a number of customer journeys and really thinking through not just putting in a new system, but how can we really transform, how we do business and how can we make it easier for our customers to bank with us, how we can make it easier for our associates to take care of our customers. And so its a lot of work. And so youre going to see cost upfront which is what were experiencing today before youll see the benefits, it will be a few years out.
Matt OConnor: And remind us of the time line, I think it was back in 2019, you first started talking about it, I thought you said it might be 5 or 6 years, but update us on the time line, please?
David Turner: Thats right. Its going to be  youre another 5 years from now before you see this. So we have a deposit system, we will be putting in a new commercial loan system, and we will be putting in a consumer loan system as well. But the biggest  biggest one and the most expensive one will be the deposit system. But thats at least 3 years out before that gets put in.
Matt OConnor: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. Quick question. Question is clarifying sort of the statements on NII, David. So based on your guidance, the fourth quarter 2023 net interest income quote exit rate will be somewhere between $1.31 billion and $1.32 billion. Sort of based on what youre telling us, should we expect perhaps a step down in the first quarter due to day count. And like you said, the continuation of beta creep, but then would there be stability from there or an opportunity for reprice if the Fed cuts? Im trying to just triangulate your comments on NIM, which are very helpful to the NII quarterly cadence.
David Turner: Yes. So I wont confirm your number exactly, but your thinking is spot on that as we get to the end of the year, we start stabilizing a bit. The question is, where does the Fed stop. If they go one more time and stop then youre  then the only thing you really have leading into the first quarter will be slight beta risk and the day count that you talked about. So I think you have stability from there on. However, if the Fed continues to push this out even more and has to go two, three  two more hikes, three more hikes and you just push everything out. We do have hedges that are becoming live this quarter. You can see that on our Page 6 at our deck. And so we put those on over a year ago with anticipation that there was risk that rates actually roll over and start going down, they didnt. And so we will be into a negative carry on those, which is okay because the rest of our book is earning a whole lot more money than we thought at the time. So thats all been factored into the guidance that we gave you. And were, right now, were expecting that we get to the end of the year and things really start to settle out with the exception of minor tweaks in that first quarter.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And could you remind us sort of how much in total is the check fraud is you have in your expense base for 2023 and as we think about your natural growth [indiscernible] run-rate?
David Turner: Yes. So we have a schedule in our supplement on it. Let me see if I can find it real quick for you because we were anticipating this question. We wanted to give everybody an understanding. Its on Page 15 of the supplement. And its embedded in the operational loss number, and that change related to check fraud, was about $80 million, as we mentioned in the call. But you can see our operational losses had averaged about $13 million to $18 million per quarter, and we are back to that kind of run rate now. And so we expect to be there about that number going forward.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And if I could just squeeze one more in, and this is for John. Were sitting here now July 21, 2023, and your firm is in a position of great strength. Im wondering  and Im asking about organic opportunities. I dont think Im wrapping an M&A question around this. But as you think about to go on more stringent RWA diet, than you given where your capital is today, how are you thinking about playing offense as we think through all the changes. How do you leverage that deposit base that will stay inexpensive and the capital that seems to be building nicely in the credit that seems relatively stable.
John Turner: Erica, were continuing to add talent. So were continuing to hire talent. Were in some very good markets. We have acquired a number of capabilities over the last number of years. And so its really combining talent with opportunity in markets with additional capabilities, just to execute our plan. Were asking our bankers to be active in markets, talking to customers and non-customers looking for ways to expand our business while there is still some economic uncertainty, and we want to be prudent and careful. We start with soundness first, followed by profitability and then growth. We think we are in a position, as you pointed out to win market share, where opportunities exist and were focused on those prospects that weve been calling on for a long time. And relationships that weve had for a long time to ensure that we use the capital and the resources we have to support those companies as they want to grow their businesses.
David Turner: Yes, Erika, this is David. Let me add to that. So we do realize there could be opportunities for us to grow loans faster than what we just gave you the guidance on. So we gave a guidance of 3% to 4%. We produced that slightly because of the demand that I had talked about earlier. We want to grow relationships. We arent interested in taking advantage of somebodys RWA diet and growing loans only. We cannot outstrip our funding base because that marginal profitability just wont be there if youre having to hope self-fund that growth. So if we can get a relationship that brings an operating account and other deposits, were all over that. But were not interested in just growing loans because somebody else wants to shed that risk.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. 
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
John Turner: Good morning. 
Betsy Graseck: Yes, just a ticky-tacky one at this stage. AOCI, Pulsar, what should we be thinking about with regard to how thats going to pull quarterly over the next four, six quarters?
David Turner: Yes. I think we have a schedule in the back is on our Slide #17 that shows by the end of 2024, about 25% of that will be rolled in and then by the end of the next year, about 39%. Thats using just maturities in the forwards at this time.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And thats on just the AFS book, obviously, right?
David Turner: Thats correct.
Betsy Graseck: And then your strategy for the security portfolio in general, are you going to be adding to it over time or what are you doing with the excess deposit growth that you get? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. So weve historically been 18% to 20% of our earning assets and securities. We suspect we will be roughly in that range. What we have to think through is what the new regime will be with regards to AOCI. As youre probably aware, the AOCI changes with regards to securities becomes part of your capital, but the fair market value changes with regards to derivatives is not. And so what that does is it causes you to at least think about, if we need the duration protection that we use our securities book for along with liquidity. That perhaps we use more derivatives than securities. And we will just have to see. But I dont see that changing our securities book appreciably Will it be down a notch or two perhaps. But I dont think you  you should expect us to grow that book much past that 20% range.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Alright, thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: Good morning.
John Turner: Good morning.
David Turner: Good morning.
John Pancari: Back to the deposit beta. I know you indicated the potential for an increase in 2024 of rates hemin elevated. Any way to help us size it up, and does the 35 to 40, is that most likely if we are in a higher longer environment? Or could it be up there where some of your competitors are flagging in the mid-40s and maybe even up there in the 50s where some of them are at. Just curious if you can help us frame it out? Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hey, John, this is Darren Smith. Ill take that one. So I think youre in the right neighborhood. Our expectations would be that if the Fed is indeed done over the next couple of meetings. And then what youre seeing is just that residual beta creep that plays out over a couple of quarters, and then you have very modest increases from there. It obviously depends on how long were at that level. But I think somewhere in the upper 30s to around 40% is reasonable in terms of how much it may continue to move.
John Pancari: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you for that. And then separately, just back to OConnors question on the systems conversion. Can you remind us your expectation around the cost of the conversion? I know you had originally indicated that you dont expect it to impact your IT budget. Is that still the case or has it  has that changed as you have named it on the vendor, etcetera? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. So John, were still in the formative stage of planning for that. Ill tell you there is a lot of things going on other than this  the system integration with regards to technology. The environment is changing to Software as a Service versus buying a system and capitalizing it depreciating that over time and skipping several of the upgrades because you dont want to pay for that. Today, its all going in the cloud. Its paying by the drink and thats more expensive. And its  the technology cost, it used to be technology costs go down over time. It does not appear to be the case. Were going to do our best to control that while making appropriate investments in technology because I think we can leverage that better than we do today. We use a lot of human capital to do things. I think over time, youre going to see most everybody leveraging technology better. And so I think that right now, were at 9% to 11% of total revenue. I can see that drifting higher a bit over time. But right now, thats our call of 9% to 11%. And we will update you as things change.
John Pancari: And then 9% to 11% of the total IT budget?
David Turner: All technology, yes.
John Pancari: Right, got it. Okay, thank you, David.
David Turner: You bet John.
John Turner: Okay. Well, I think thats all the calls. So I appreciate everybodys participation today. Thank you for your interest in Regions. Have a great weekend.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-21 10:50:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Christine. Welcome to Regions first quarter 2023 earnings call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding the quarter. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A. I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. Once again, Regions delivered another solid quarter, underscoring our commitment to generating consistent, sustainable long-term performance. We generated earnings of $588 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.62. Despite recent events in the banking industry, we remain focused on the fundamentals and things we can control. Weve spent over a decade enhancing our interest rate risk, credit risk, capital and liquidity management frameworks. Our relationship-based banking approach, coupled with our favorable geographic footprint uniquely positions us to weather an uncertain market backdrop. Further, balance and diversity on both sides of the balance sheet have been a key focus for years. As a result, we are well positioned to withstand an array of economic conditions. Approximately 70% of our deposits are retail deposits. These deposits tend to be granular and less rate sensitive. In fact, approximately 90% of these deposits are insured. Our strategy focuses on primacy and customer loyalty. We want to be our customers primary banking relationship. This strategy is evident in the fact that over 90% of our consumer checking households include a high-quality checking account, and over 60% of consumer checking deposit balances are with customers that have been with regions for 10 years or more. Our wholesale or business services deposits are also highly diversified from an industry, size and geography perspective, with approximately 75% of deposits that are either insured, operational in nature or collateralized. In total, approximately 75% of our deposits across all business lines are insured or collateralized by securities and our deposits are with customers we know is over 97% reside within our 15-state footprint. Further supporting our high-quality deposit franchise, we had access to total primary liquidity of approximately $41 billion at the end of the quarter, sufficient to cover uninsured retail and nonoperational wholesale deposits by more than a 2:1 ratio. If you include access to Federal Reserve discount window, available liquidity increases to $54 billion or approximately 3:1 coverage. We have a strong team of bankers and the recent disruption has given us an opportunity to connect with our customers and top prospects to answer questions and reassure them of our stability. Weve experienced some deposit outflows as corporate treasuries look to diversify and sought higher interest rates for their excess cash. However, weve also experienced deposit inflows from new and existing customers. Importantly, our total deposits at March 31st were roughly unchanged from what they were prior to the onset of liquidity concerns in the industry. The majority of the $3 billion deposit decrease this quarter was as expected, due primarily to further normalization in corporate deposits, which had dramatically increased during the pandemic, as well as the continuation of rate-seeking behavior in certain wealth and higher balance consumer accounts. From a lending perspective, our focus on risk-adjusted returns continues. Overall sentiment among our corporate customers remains positive. While most are forecasting strong performance in 2023, they are expecting modest declines from levels seen in 2022. While current market conditions warrant heightened caution, we believe our strong liquidity profile provides an advantage in terms of supporting our customers borrowing needs. In closing, despite all the industry turmoil, we feel very good about our balance sheet and strong liquidity position. And through our proactive hedging strategies, we are positioned for success in any interest rate environment. Our granular deposit base and relationship-based banking model continue to serve us well, and were proud to continue supporting our customers banking needs. Now, David will provide some highlights regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Lets start with the balance sheet. Average loans increased 2% sequentially. Average business loans increased 2% compared to the prior quarter, reflecting high-quality, broad-based growth across the utilities, retail trade and financial services industries. Approximately 87% of this growth was again driven by existing clients accessing and expanding their credit lines to rebuild inventories and expand their businesses. Average consumer loans increased 1% as growth in mortgage and Interbank was partially offset by continued pay-downs in home equity and runoff exit portfolios. Looking forward, we continue to expect 2023 ending loan growth of approximately 4%. From a deposit standpoint, our deposit base remains a strength and competitive advantage with balances continuing to largely perform as expected. Previously, we indicated that combination of rapidly rising interest rates and normalization of surge deposits would likely lead to $3 billion to $5 billion of deposit declines by midyear before we would begin to generate net deposit growth. While the events in March created turmoil in the banking industry, we continue to believe that range is appropriate. However, we may be at the higher end of the range as we approach midyear. The preponderance of deposit outflows this quarter occurred prior to early March and were in line with our expectations. Approximately $2 billion of the $3 billion outflow came from corporate deposits, reflecting normal seasonal activity. The other $1 billion came from a continuation of rate-seeking behavior among certain wealth and higher balance consumer clients. The same characteristics that contribute to our deposit advantage in a rising rate environment are also helpful in a time of systemic volatility. As John noted, our focus on attracting and retaining a diverse and granular deposit base with high primacy drives loyalty and trust and instills funding stability. So, lets shift to net interest income and margin. Net interest income continued to expand with market interest rates in the first quarter, reflecting our asset-sensitive profile and funding stability. Net interest income grew 1% linked quarter to a record $1.4 billion and net interest margin increased 23 basis points to 4.22%. As the Federal Reserve nears the end of its tightening cycle, net interest income is supported by elevated floating rate loan and cash yields at higher market interest rates and fixed rate asset turnover from the maturity of low-yielding loans and securities generated through the pandemic. At this stage in the rate cycle, we expect accelerating deposit costs through repricing and remixing. Importantly, recent trends remain within our expectation. The cycle-to-date deposit beta is 19%, and our guidance for 2023 is unchanged, a 35% full-cycle beta by year-end. We remain confident that our deposit composition will provide a meaningful competitive advantage for Regions when compared to the broader industry. Net interest income is projected to grow between 12% and 14% in 2023 when compared to 2022. The midpoint of the range is supported by the March 31st market forward yield curve, which projects nearly 75 basis points of rate cuts in 2023. A stable Fed funds level would push net interest income to the upper end of the range. The balance sheet hedging program is an important source of our earnings stability in todays uncertain environment. Hedges added to date create a well-protected net interest margin profile through 2025. Forward starting received fixed swaps will become effective in the latter half of 2023 and 2024 and generally have a term of three years. Activity in the first quarter focused on extending that protection beyond 2025. In addition to forward starting swaps, we added a $1.5 billion collar strategy, selling rate caps to pay for rate floors to limit exposure to extreme market rate movements. The resulting balance sheet is constructed to support a net interest margin range of 3.6% to 4% over the coming years, even if interest rates move back towards 1%. If rates remain elevated, our net interest margin is projected to remain above the high end of the range until deposits fully reprice. So, lets take a look at fee revenue and expense. Adjusted noninterest income declined 3% from the prior quarter as modest increases in service charges and wealth management income were offset by declines in other categories, primarily capital markets and card and ATM fees. Service charges increased slightly as seasonally higher treasury management fees offset declines in overdraft fees. Excluding the impact of CVA and DVA, capital markets increased 4% sequentially as growth in real estate capital markets, loan syndications, and debt and securities underwriting more than offset declines in M&A fees and commercial swaps. We did have a negative $33 million CVA and DVA adjustment, reflecting lower long-term interest rates, volatility in credit spreads as well as a refinement in our valuation methodology. Card and ATM fees were negatively impacted by a $5 million increase in reserves, driven by higher reward redemption rates. With respect to our outlook, and incorporating first quarter results, we expect full year 2023 adjusted total revenue to be up 6% to 8% compared to 2022. Lets move on to noninterest expense. Adjusted noninterest expenses increased 1% compared to the prior quarter. Salaries and benefits increased 2%, primarily due to merit and a seasonal increase in payroll taxes. FDIC insurance assessment reflects the previously announced industry-wide increase in the assessment rate schedules. In contrast to the prior two years, we expect first half 2023 adjusted expenses to be higher than the second half of the year. And we continue to expect full year 2023 adjusted noninterest expenses to be up 4.5% to 5.5%. We now expect to generate positive adjusted operating leverage of approximately 2%. From an asset quality standpoint, overall credit performance continues to normalize as expected. Net charge-offs were 35 basis points in the quarter. Nonperforming loans and business services criticized loans increased while total delinquencies decreased. Provision expense was $135 million, while the allowance for credit loss ratio remained unchanged at 1.63%. The amount of the allowance increased due primarily to economic changes and normalizing credit from historically low levels, partially offset by a reduction associated with the elimination of the accounting for troubled debt restructured loans. It is worth noting the outcome of the most recent Shared National Credit exam is reflected in our results. I want to take a few minutes to speak to our commercial real estate portfolio. Since 2008, we have deliberately limited our exposure to this space. At quarter-end, our exposure totaled 15% of loans, excluding owner-occupied and it is highly diverse. This total includes $8.4 billion of investor real estate and $6.7 billion of unsecured exposure, of which the vast majority is within real estate investment trust. Our REIT clients generally have low leverage and strong access to liquidity with 68% classified as investment grade. Importantly, total office represents just 1.8% of total loans at $1.8 billion. Of note, 83% consist of Class A properties with 62% located within the Sunbelt. The office portfolio was originated with an approximate weighted average loan-to-value of 58% and we have stressed the portfolio to include a 25% discount using the Green Street commercial property price index with the weighted average resulting loan-to-value of the book approximating 77%. It is also noteworthy that 37% of our secured office portfolio is single tenant. While we are carefully monitoring conditions, we believe our portfolio will be able to weather the weakness in the industry. Including first quarter results, we now expect our full year 2023 net charge-off ratio to be approximately 35 basis points. Given the recent economic uncertainty and market volatility, we may see a pickup in the pace of normalization towards our through-the-cycle annual charge-off range of 35 to 45 basis points over time. From a capital standpoint, we ended the quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio at an estimated 9.8%, reflecting solid capital generation through earnings, partially offset by continued loan growth and approximately $100 million or 7 basis points related to the phase-in of CECL into regulatory capital. Given current macroeconomic conditions, and regulatory uncertainty, we anticipate managing capital levels at or modestly above 10% over the near term. So, in closing, we delivered solid results in the first quarter despite volatile conditions. We have balance and diversity on both sides of the balance sheet and are well positioned to withstand an array of economic conditions. We are in some of the strongest markets in the country. And while we remain vigilant to indicators of potential market contraction, we will continue to be a source of stability to our customers. Pretax pre-provision income remained strong. Expenses are well controlled. Credit remains broadly stable, and capital and liquidity levels remain robust. With that, well move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: David, maybe a question on betas and deposit balances. So, you guys are one of the few that isnt increasing your deposit beta guidance given that youre at 19% and I think expectations are for 35%. Can you maybe just talk about where you expect the pressure to come from? I think you noted in the remarks, repricing and remixing, how much will each of these contribute? Are you expecting more to be in retail given the push for insured deposits, or is it on the commercial side? And then second, you noted that you do expect to see stabilization of growth in balances later in the year. Can you maybe just talk about what you see driving that as we move through the year? Thanks.
David Turner: Sure. So, as weve mentioned before, we had $41 billion worth of surge deposits. We didnt think those would stay with us as long as they actually have stayed with us. And we furthermore said as rates continue to increase that people would be seeking higher returns than we were offering at the time. And so you can see our cumulative beta, as you mentioned, at 19%, well below everybody else. We do understand that were going to end up -- theres going to be a shift of deposits into CDs, more expensive deposits. And so, we do also expect some continued runoff. We had given you the guide of $3 billion to $5 billion. Were down $3.3 billion. We expect to be at the upper end of that by the end of the second quarter. And a lot of that is putting money to work and businesses, but also some seeking higher rates. And so, the combination of where we are relative to our deposit costs relative to the peers would imply that we would be increasing some of that over time, and thats going to drive our beta, and we still believe 35% is the right number by the end of the cycle, which were calling the end of this year.
Ryan Nash: Got it. And maybe as a follow-up, so you guys are now expecting losses at the high end of your previous guidance. It looks like the increase this quarter was driven by C&I. And I think, David, I think you just noted you could see a pickup in the pace of normalization. Can you maybe just talk about, one, what is driving the incremental pressure? And what are you expecting to be the higher driver of charge-offs, both for the rest of this year and then the pace of normalization that we could see? Thanks.
David Turner: Well, so as weve stated many times, the charge-off level is below normal. And that we said it would be normalizing over time. Weve furthermore set our normalized loss rate based on the risk profile we maintained as 35 to 45. As we get through the end of this year, were trying to give you the message that that could kind of lead you into a run rate towards that 35 to 45 by the end of the year. Were already at 35 this quarter, which would imply we expect a reduction in charge-offs in the second and/or third quarter. But all in, we still think were going to be at 35 basis points, which is below normal. So, we have a lot of confidence in that. We had certain things that happened in the first quarter, we dont think will repeat. And so I think our 35 is a pretty good number.
John Turner: Yes. Ryan, Id just add to the question about where were seeing the stress. Weve identified a couple of areas on previous calls where we are experiencing some stress in the portfolio. That would be healthcare, where were seeing rising costs and pressure on labor. Transportation, particularly on the smaller end of the transportation sector where customers are competing in the spot market to move product. Consumer discretionary, where consumers are changing their buying patterns and moving away from more discretionary items towards services where were seeing some pressure; office, obviously; and then senior housing, which is a sector that we believe is improving but still not return to occupancy levels that we experienced prior to the pandemic. And again, its a sector where labor is a factor in the operations of those businesses and driving cost up. So, those are all areas where we are seeing more pressure than in the rest of the portfolio. And I would finally comment, I think well see some additional, quote, movement toward normalization. But, weve probably gotten there a little faster than I think we thought we would. So, we dont expect a whole lot of additional deterioration as we move towards normalization.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: My first question is for David. You continue to have that long -- I think about a long-term NIM of 3.6% to 4%. I think investors are starting to think about rates cut in 2024. And Im low to always ask about 2024, but I think investors are thinking about how inexpensive bank stocks are really, right, trying to evaluate them on what could be trough earnings next year. So, if the Fed cuts, can you still stay within that range? And I think nobody is expecting a cut to zero, but perhaps walk us through the scenario of that range in the scenario of like a 200 basis-point cut over one year?
David Turner: Yes. So, the bottom line answer is yes, we do feel comfortable under any scenario. As we mentioned that we would operate in that 3.60% to 4% range. Clearly, our guidance is based on the market. I mean, on the March 31st forward, it has three cuts, 75 basis points worth of cuts after one increase. So, to the extent that were to happen, we will still be within that range. If it stays higher than that, then wed be at the upper end of the range. And we have some received fixed swaps that actually come on board in the second half of the year to protect us from lower rates. Were not saying that the rates will be cut. Thats what the market says. I personally dont see that that will happen at that pace. But we wanted to be able to center the discussion on what the market is saying, and thats why we gave you that and then we gave you some sensitivity around it. So, we feel very good about the range. Where we are in the range? There are a whole lot of factors. The pace, the timing of cuts would take us down, even if we had a couple of hundred basis points of cuts, then 24, were still in the range. So, does that get you what you wanted?
Erika Najarian: Yes. And as we think about perhaps a more measured pace of cut, how would you anticipate being able to normalize your deposit costs in that backdrop?
David Turner: Say that again. How would we -- say that again, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Yes. How quickly could you lower deposit costs in an environment where the Fed is cutting in a measured pace? Im just trying to think about the other side as I think about your -- sort of your long-term NIM target range?
David Turner: Yes. Well, so you can see our deposit cost relative to our peers is 19% fair are lagging. And so, the ability to cut, we have to be competitive. We have to offer a fair price to our customer base. And I think to the extent you start seeing a pause and/or cuts coming from the Fed, the beta that we just mentioned could change and may not be as severe. What happens is the increase in deposit cost lagged the last increase of -- that the Fed is going to have. So, it will take some time for that to manifest itself. So, if you look at the retail side, the retail side is very slow to react. But on the commercial side, its almost instantaneous as treasurers look to lock in the best yield that they can. We have some index deposits that move with changes in Fed funds. So that will react pretty quickly, which I think is a benefit to us in that scenario.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: In terms of your maintaining the cumulative or through-cycle beta at 35%, I hear you where youre trending down 19% in your confidence. But Im just curious how the liquidity crisis through March and how it really impacted that outlook. We saw a number of of other banks increased their deposit beta expectations given the intensifying pressure around deposit costs as well as broader funding costs. So, how has the liquidity crisis impacted your view? And how does that not influence an increase in how youre thinking about the through-cycle beta? If you could just walk us through that.
David Turner: Yes, John. So our -- this is -- our competitive advantage is our deposit base. And so we havent had to react at the pace at others. So if you look at the incremental beta of our core peer group, that was some 73% this quarter and ours was 40%, 41%. So we just havent had to move at the pace and I still think based on how we fund ourselves, the core retail, 70% of our deposits being retail really has helped us from being able to keep that beta where it is at 35%. So, as we think about some of the larger customers that are seeking rates, seeking returns, thats where theres been more competitive pressure and we saw some of that being put to work in the first quarter. And we called for some of that. Thats part of the $3 billion to $5 billion that were talking about. As a matter of fact, in our beta assumption, we had all that coming out of noninterest bearing. That wasnt quite what we saw, but we gave it -- we assumed noninterest-bearing because that was more conservative to give you the guidance. And so if you take all that into consideration, I think thats why you didnt see us change our cumulative basis of 35%. And being at 19%, theres a long way to go from 19% to 35%. We understand that, but if we miss it, maybe its a tad underneath that, which is why we gave you also some guidance on our slide number 7, that would show you if beta was a little bit better than 35%, how much it might mean.
John Pancari: Got it. Thanks, David. Thats helpful. And then, separately, on the capital front, I know you increased your target to 10% -- and so just -- or 10% or just above, I believe you said. If you could maybe give us a little bit more color in terms of the rationale. And then, could that allow for buybacks at some point? How are you thinking about deployment and the pace of where you -- the timing of when you get to around that 10% range?
David Turner: Sure. So, you saw our common equity Tier 1 increase from 9.6% to 9.8%, and thats after absorbing about 7 basis points due to the CECL impact for the first quarter. So, were generating 20 to 30 basis points worth of CET1 every quarter. After loan growth, we first and foremost want to be here as a source of strength for our customers and be able to make all creditworthy loans we can make. And were open for business and ready to do that. Thats what our job is. We want to make sure we pay our shareholders a fair dividend, 35% to 45% of our earnings in the form of a dividend, and we have been at the lower end of that. But -- and then weve used our capital for other nonbank acquisitions and mortgage servicing right acquisitions, which wed like to continue. And then to optimize our capital, well buy stock back from time to time. Given the uncertainty thats in the market, obviously, theres a lot of review going on to what happened in the month of March, and theres going to be some reports coming out from our regulatory supervisors on what may change. And we just want to be prepared for that, and we think it would be inappropriate at this time to be buying our stock back when we have this kind of uncertainty. Youll lop on top of that the uncertainty in the economy and monetary policy. So theres just a lot of noise, which caused us to rethink, lets just wait, let us accrete up to that 10%, maybe slightly over that. And to the extent things settle down, then well optimize capital, and well use share repurchases as a mechanism to do so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt OConnor: How are you thinking about managing liquidity going forward? Obviously, like with a very strong deposit base, youve been less reliant on wholesale borrowing. But both in light of current conditions and then just kind of the way the regulation might be moving, what are you thinking about in terms of borrowings and then also both cash and securities? And again, like youve got a smaller AFS book than others, which has worked well given the moving rates. But whats the outlook on both the funding and asset side? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. So, we still believe in growing customer relationships, core checking accounts and operating accounts of businesses. Its the basis of our whole business, and well continue to do that from -- to help us from a liquidity standpoint. Clearly, some things have changed. Weve given you a list of our total primary liquidity and also liquidity at the discount window, should we need it. What weve learned, I think, over this, is that it can move much quicker that we all had anticipated the world has changed a bit. And so, weve had one of the largest cash balances of anybody in the peer group, the lower securities book. And we did that intentionally because we were not clear on the surge deposits on the pace that they would move out. So, well probably maintain a bit more cash than we historically have been. Obviously, theres -- currently, theres a new term bank facility that the Fed created thats temporary. I hope theres some thinking about how to maybe keep some of that in place. But we did not use that, as you can tell from our disclosures. But we tested it after quarter end, just to make sure the pipes were worked up, and I think we borrowed $1,000 and repaid it quickly. But posting collateral to something like that, that you can get access to quickly. Clearly, the Federal Home Loan Bank is still our primary source we go to. We have a little bit outstanding there at quarter end, a couple of billion dollars. And so, just having access to multiple levels -- if we learned anything, its diversification. And you need to make sure your funding side is diverse. And within your deposit base, it needs to be diverse. So if you end up with a concentration, you end up with a problem. So I think thats a big lesson learned for everybody and staying as diverse, so we can a little more cash on hand I think, is in order.
Matt OConnor: And then specifically on the securities book, how would you think about that relative to assets kind of near or longer term with the current framework?
David Turner: Weve historically been in that 20% range of earning assets, and we dont see that changing dramatically. I think we need to be careful. Theres been a lot of discussion about shortening up maturities and things of that nature. And we need to be real careful because there could be broad implications of that. The banking system is a big buyer of mortgage-backed securities, and we need to support the mortgage industry and the housing industry and consumers that way. So, we are forced to go too short. There are much broader implications to the economy. So were going to be careful of that. Well see what the policymakers come up with and well adapt and overcome as we see fit. But right now, I think having a book about where weve been, which is a little lower than others, I think, is the right spot for us based on our -- again, our funding profile.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: John or David, or both of you, obviously, Regions has derisked its balance sheet dramatically from the 08, 09 time period. And so, I think you guys are in a good position to maybe handle this question, specifically for commercial real estate. Can you guys share with us the differences that you are seeing in the current commercial real estate market in your portfolio versus what it was like in 08, 09. Now granted, I know youve lowered the exposure. So, thats a major difference. But in terms of the cap rates, obviously, have moved up, the refinancing risk is here. But can you share with us how you guys could handle that more -- Im assuming more easily today than what happened in 08, 09.
John Turner: Yes. Gerard, this is John. I would say we rebuilt our business beginning in kind of the 09, 10 time frame, recognizing that its very much a specialized business. And weve built it around professional real estate bankers who are working with professional real estate developers. Generally, they are either regional or national developers. They have strong capital positions, good access to liquidity, strong track records. Theyre operating in some of the primary markets across the U.S. We rebuilt our business with a focus on concentration risk management. So its well distributed, portfolio is across different segments of the industry as well as across geographies. We have built a business, I think, very conservatively from a structural standpoint requiring good equity in projects. And were constantly stressing our exposure. Its a relationship business for us. Were transacting with customers who maintain deposit relationships with us who use our capital markets capabilities. Were very close to those customers. And as a consequence, I think we have a very good handle on the exposure that we have across the business. And we have the benefit of operating in some of the best markets in the country as well. If you look at markets like Dallas and Houston, Orlando, Charlotte, Atlanta and Nashville, where were doing business and where the majority of our portfolio resides, we have good underpinning economy to help support the projects as well.
Gerard Cassidy: And maybe, David, on a technical question regarding the commercial real estate, how does the elimination of TDRs now help or hinder youre guys working out with some of your customers that may inevitably have an issue with their property?
David Turner: Well, were not going to let an accounting change, change or what were going to do for our customer. If we need to have a restructuring, then thats what well do. And well let the accounting is what it is. So I dont think that will impact us at all, Gerard, from moving forward just like we always have.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then just as a follow-up question, another technical one for you, David. Can you just remind us about the CECL being phased into capital, just the time range and how that may affect your capital ratios going forward?
David Turner: Its roughly the same number you just saw. Its almost a straight line number over, I think, its four periods. So weve got more of these coming. Its $100 million in round numbers, Gerard, in the first quarter of each of the next three years, about 7 points -- Im sorry, two more years. And so, it will be about a 7 basis-point hit to us each of the next two years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Winter with D.A. Davidson.
Peter Winter: You guys had pretty solid average loan growth this quarter and did maintain the period-end outlook. Can you just talk about loan demand? And then, secondly, if theres any areas maybe where youre tightening underwriting standards or being more selective at this stage?
John Turner: Yes. So, we -- obviously, in this economy, we want to be thoughtful about any new relationships that we acquire and any new credit that we book. I think I would like to think that were not changing our underwriting standards that they are consistent across all economic cycles. But at the same time, when you think about allocation of capital and lending into this environment, we want to be thoughtful and prudent. We want to make sure that any new business we get as a result of calling activity thats been ongoing for some time. We understand the relationship potential and opportunity that we have a good plan. The bulk of the loan growth that weve experienced in the wholesale business has been loans to existing customers. And in the last quarter, a good bit of the growth was in our industry verticals, particularly in power and utilities, energy and the industrial space. Were also seeing a little growth within our Regions Business Capital business, asset-based lending business during this period of time. And then on the consumer side, mortgage grew and Interbank grew as a result of putting mortgage because were generating some arms during the period -- on balance sheet arms in a period like this. I think loan growth, clearly, our loan pipelines, I should say, on the wholesale side of the business are down. And I think that reflects caution on the part of customers as well as projects, just the economy is slowing a bit as a result of rising rates and increasing cost. We still believe, given sort of our view of the future and known projects that are either underway or will get underway, there is -- we have an opportunity to grow loans. I think were guiding to about 4% between now and end of the year and should see growth in the same categories that I just described.
David Turner: I think, Peter, Ill add to that, as part of the growth outlook, because of the markets that we operate in, weve been the recipient of a lot of migration of people and businesses into where we operate. And so, our economy here is a bit different than certain other economies around the country. And I think thats given us some confidence that our 4% loan growth is reasonable.
Peter Winter: Got it. Very helpful. And if I could ask about the guidance on the deposit service charges, still $550 million. Question is how should we think about the second half of the year from the impact of that grace period? Will it step down to, I guess, around $120 million. And could you offset some of that with just account growth and cross-selling treasury management services?
David Turner: Yes. So, you can see that our -- if you annualize where we ended up in the first quarter, we would be above the $550 million, and thats an acknowledgment that our last change of 24-hour grace actually goes in the beginning of the third quarter. And so youre going to see that step down more so in the third and fourth quarter than you have seen because we havent made the change. One of the things that weve been -- the recipients of is our treasury management investments weve made on people and technology have really helped offset to some degree at least, the decline were seeing from the consumer service charges, and we expect that to continue. So, were up some 8% there in TM. And if this continues at that pace, we might have a better answer for you next earnings call. But right now, were calling for $550 million and with a step down in the second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Just a follow-up also on the fee side. I know, obviously, its been a tougher start to the year in capital markets and youre reiterating that 60 to 80 zones that you kind of were in, in the first quarter. Just maybe you give us color on just how the business is feeling and acting in terms of pipelines and expectations and whether or not you anticipate there being a -- is there a bounce built into your expectation in the second half? Thanks.
John Turner: Yes. We do, Ken, expect the business to pick up in the second half of the year. Its still I would say, modestly improving, but the second quarter will probably look a lot like the first is our guess. Our business is -- a good bit of our business is built around real estate capital markets and our real estate customers, and that business has just been really, really slow. If you look at the component parts of our business, generally speaking, whether its syndication revenue, revenue generated from fixed income placement or derivative sales, has been pretty good over the course of the first quarter. But real estate capital markets has been very soft. M&A was pretty good in the first quarter. We expect that to be true through the balance of the year. So I think were guiding to pick up in the second half of the year, and we believe thats very possible.
David Turner: And just for clarification, make sure, Ken, that you and John said you should expect the second quarter to look like the first quarter. Thats ex CVA, DVA. So, were talking about the flower in the -- probably in the middle of the 60 to 80 range is about where we would expect that. And we dont expect to have a CVA, DVA adjustment quite as volatile as you just saw this quarter.
Ken Usdin: I appreciate that. Yes. And second question, just on the loan side. As far as the outlook goes, when you think about just the combination of either your supply of credit and the demand of credit in this changing environment that were in, just whats happening on the lending side of things in terms of how the environment is changing that? Are you guys tightening up at all? Is it more about the end client thats changing their demand functions?
John Turner: Well, naturally, in a softening economy, if you will, we are going to probably be a little more conservative, even though I would say that we like to -- as I said a few minutes ago, we like to think that our underwriting standards dont change from economic period to economic period. We are in some very good markets, as David pointed out, and while pipelines are softer, we see people that are -- still have opportunities. We want to be smart about client selectivity all the time, probably even more so during periods like this. We want to support our existing customers and some 90 -- almost 85% of -- in round numbers of loan growth weve experienced in the last quarter was to existing customers. So, we are acquiring some new customers but being very thoughtful about that. And then separately, while our economies are good, and we do see some opportunity, pipelines are down because of, I think, customer caution related to still difficulty acquiring labor. There are two open jobs in the Southeast for every one person looking for a job. So labor market is still tight. And costs, while moderating, have risen fairly significantly, including interest costs, obviously, which puts pressure on projects. So I think for the balance of the year, well probably see pipelines will have moderated and stay fairly muted, but we believe we can deliver the loan growth that were projecting, despite that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: In the past, youve talked a little bit about the fact that youre not going to need debt financing for, I dont know, several quarters. And I just wanted to see if you could give us an update on how youre thinking about that, especially as you -- even though your size doesnt come into the current TLAC expectations there is the potential for that to happen over time. And I wanted to hear how youre thinking about that. Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. So from a debt financing standpoint, we borrowed a little bit from the FHLB as you saw. But the larger term financing, we said wed push off probably until the second half of the year. We dont know what the regime is going to be, if there will be any change pushed down to us from a TLAC standpoint. At some point, whether we had that or not, we need some more term financing, some term debt that well put on. And so, I think that we can make sure we deal with that over time. Betsy, I would say that the changes that are at least being bandied around right now. You cant move too fast because we all cant go out there and raise a bunch of debt at the same time. It would be tough for the market to absorb. So I think any change that might be coming relative to that would be over time. And I still think theres going to be some tailoring. What that looks like, what that means, well have to find out to with our regulatory supervisors and policymakers decide. But outside of something like that, and we have a little bit of term debt that we need to get done, and thats really pointed towards the back half of this year. And thats included in our guidance.
Betsy Graseck: Right. And that was something that you had been talking about for a while. Just wondering if its feasible to give us a sense as to size, if thats reasonable or not?
David Turner: No, we havent done that yet. So, were still working out what that needs to look like and precise timing, too. But we dont expect it this first half of the year.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then separately, could you just give us a sense on the expense outlook that youve got for 2023, the kinds of levers that you have to keep the expense guide in the range that youve got 4.5 to 5.5, and if theres anything in particular that you could point us to in terms of opportunities for efficiency improvements from here? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. Its a great question. And we tried to -- not tried, we gave guidance that our first quarter was going to be a high watermark. Im not sure that made it into everybodys expectations, but it is what it is. Weve now given you guidance again that we think the first half of the year will be higher than the second half of the year. We had some things that we knew were coming in the first half, including we moved our merit month, our merit increase up a month from April to March. So youve seen that in our first quarter. And any event, I think when you look at the way to work on expenses, the first thing are salaries and benefits and making sure that youve got the right people, right number of the right people doing the right things. And I think thats always a challenge and we continue to look at process improvement, leveraging technology so that when we have attrition, natural attrition, perhaps we dont have to backfill as people if we can move that at the same time. Weve looked at our occupancy. I do think return to work is still trying to find its way and -- but we likely have more square footage than we need, whether it be in the branch space or the office space. And so, we have a team constantly working on square footage, which is our second highest cost. From a technology standpoint, were having to make room to go through our transformation were working on right now. And so, those costs are going up, and were able to have cuts in other places to pay for it. Vendor spend is another area where we really make sure that we limit our use of consultants or contracts with vendors. We just make sure we get the best deal we can, and we have a team working on that. So there is a cost pool in this company and thats not going to go through some type of challenge during this year because you dont have a tailwind in 24 for rates. So, youve got to do -- start working on your expenses today to help 24, and were doing that. And so, we have pretty good confidence in our expense number that 4.5% to 5.5% right now for this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Stephen Scouten with Piper Sandler.
Stephen Scouten: I just wanted to ask a little bit about the adjusted revenue guidance. Obviously, I can appreciate that would be down a little bit given the funding pressures industry-wide. But as I look at your results from this quarter, it kind of feels like they were within guidance from last quarter and the NIM was exceptionally high. So, it just feels like you might be ahead of schedule versus having to pair that guidance back. So, Im wondering if you can walk me through the main drivers of that reduction.
David Turner: Well, there are two primary drivers. The first is we used in our guidance the March 31st forward curve that had 75 basis points worth of cuts in the year with one increase. So youre down into the 450 range by the end of the year. So we then tried to sensitize that. We told you if that wouldnt quite there, how much that may mean. And you can see that on page 7 of the deck. So that was number one. Number two, we just had -- our capital markets was down quite a bit in the first quarter, primarily driven by -- or at least a good portion of it driven by the CVA/DVA adjustment. We dont think that will repeat at that level, but nonetheless, its in the number. And so, youre already down that. So, we didnt carve that out as an adjusted item. Thats in our core number. Some people adjust and some people dont. What we do is provide that and let you do what you want with it. But when were giving you guidance is in our number -- in our core number. And so, those are the two big drivers -- weve already given you guidance that our service charge number is likely to go down because were going to offer up 24-hour grace, and were not exactly sure what that will mean, but weve taken an estimate, and weve given you the $550 million for service charges and well update as we learn. But those are probably the big three.
Stephen Scouten: Okay. Very helpful, David. And then I guess just one maybe high-level kind of question. I mean, it feels like your business model is really proving itself out right now. I mean, youre in just a phenomenal position from a deposit perspective and youve diversified your loan book so much over the last few years. I guess, as you look at the environment today, is there anything you would have done differently or anything you would have structured differently, knowing what, I guess, weve learned since March 8th or what have you? Or do you feel like youve done what you would have wanted to do regardless?
David Turner: Stephen, I think we really -- our core of our franchise are our customers and the people that work here, and we have a fabulous customer base, deposit base. Weve said that for many, many years, even when rates were zero -- virtually zero. And you didnt see the benefit of that. Rising rates and of course, having a liquidity challenges all proves the business model out. So, we certainly wouldnt change that, and we wouldnt change our focus on thinking of a customer on the right side of the balance sheet in the form of a checking account or an operating account, thats really worked well for us. We brought on some really talented people in our company, in particular, our technology area. We brought on some very good people in the revenue areas that are doing a great job for us. And so, I just think sticking to fundamentals of banking is what weve done. Thats what John has asked us to do. Were not trying to take big bets on anything. Were just trying to keep it down the fairway. And to me, steady as she goes, has been the way and may not be flashy, but it seems to be paying off for us. And I think if we just stay on that, soundness; profitability; and growth, those are the three words John asked us to use in that order. And if we stick to that, were going to have a pretty good franchise. Its going to be less volatile than many of our peers and certainly less volatile than we used to be pre-crisis. So, I dont see a lot of change. We need to get better in leverage technology in some areas where were using human capital, and thats just -- thats on the to-do list, and were trying to get after it.
John Turner: Thank you. Well, I know its been a busy week for everybody. I appreciate your participation today, and thank you for your interest in Regions. Well end the call. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Christine. Welcome to Regions fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding the quarter. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer and non-GAAP information, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A. With that, Ill now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. Let me begin by saying that were very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results. Earlier this morning, we reported full year earnings of $2.1 billion, reflecting record pretax pre-provision income of $3.1 billion, adjusted positive operating leverage of 7% and industry-leading returns on both average tangible common equity and total shareholder return. Our results speak to and underscore the comprehensive work thats taken place over the past decade to position the Company to generate consistent, sustainable long-term performance. We have enhanced our credit, interest rate and operational risk management processes and platforms while sharpening our focus on risk-adjusted returns and capital allocation. We made investments in markets, technology, talent and capabilities to diversify our revenue base and enhance our offerings to customers. For example, investments in our treasury management products and services led to record revenue this year. Similarly, our Wealth Management segment also generated record revenue despite volatile market conditions. And now were seeing positive results of our comprehensive strategy. Over the course of the year, we grew revenue and average loans while prudently managing expenses, further illustrating the successful execution of our strategic plan. So, as we enter 2023, it is from a position of strength. Our business customers have strong balance sheets. They have benefited from population migration and many continue to carry more liquidity than in the past. Our consumer customer base remains healthy. Deposit balances remain strong and credit card payments remain elevated. The job market continues to be solid with approximately two open jobs available for each unemployed person across the Regions footprint. We have a robust credit risk management framework, and a disciplined and dynamic approach to managing concentration risk. Our portfolios are more balanced and diverse than at any point in the past. We have a strong balance sheet thats well positioned to perform an array of economic conditions. We have solid capital and liquidity position to support balance sheet growth and strategic investments. And most importantly, we have a solid strategic plan, an outstanding team and a proven track record of successful execution. So as we look ahead, although there is uncertainty, we feel good about how were positioned. Now, Dave will provide some highlights regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Lets start with the balance sheet. Average loans increased 1% sequentially or 9% year-over-year. Average business loans increased 2% compared to the prior quarter, reflecting high-quality broad-based growth. Average consumer loans declined 1% as growth in mortgage, Interbank and credit card was offset by the strategic sale of consumer loans late in the third quarter and continued runoff of exit portfolios. Looking forward, we expect 2023 ending loan growth of approximately 4%. From a deposit standpoint, as expected, deposits continued to normalize during the quarter, consistent with a rapidly rising rate environment. Average total consumer balances were modestly lower, primarily driven by higher balance customers seeking marginal investment alternatives. Meanwhile, the median consumer balance remains relatively stable, still about 50% above pre-pandemic levels. Normalization was more pronounced in average corporate and commercial deposits, which were down 2% during the quarter. As anticipated, our business clients continue to optimize the level and structure of their liquidity position. We experienced remixing away from noninterest-bearing deposits to other options, both on and off balance sheet, including those offered through our treasury management platform. Ending deposit balances have declined approximately $7 billion year-over-year, in line with our previously provided 2022 expectations. Looking forward, we do anticipate further deposit declines of approximately $3 billion to $5 billion in the first half of 2023, reflecting continued Federal Reserve balance sheet normalization, seasonal trends and late-cycle rate-seeking behavior. We expect to experience stabilization of deposit balances midyear with the potential for modest growth in the second half of the year. Our deliberate approach to managing liquidity allows for deposit normalization and growth in the balance sheet without the need for material wholesale borrowings in the near term. So, lets shift to net interest income and margin. Reflecting our asset-sensitive profile, net interest income grew to a record $1.4 billion this quarter, representing an 11% increase while reported net interest margin increased 46 basis points to 3.99%, its highest level in the last 15 years. While deposit repricing continues to accelerate, the cycle-to-date beta remains low at 14%. Importantly, our guidance for 2023 assumes a 35% full-cycle beta by year-end. There is uncertainty regarding full cycle deposit betas for the industry. However, we remain confident that our deposit composition will provide a meaningful competitive advantage. Growth in net interest income is expected to continue until the Federal Reserve reaches the end of its tightening cycle. Once the Fed pauses, we would expect deposit costs to continue increasing for a couple of more quarters. This equates to 1% to 3% net interest income growth in the first quarter and 13% to 15% growth in 2023, assuming the December 31st forward rate curve. Earlier in 2022, we added a meaningful amount of hedges focused on protecting 2024 and 2025. The swaps become effective in the latter half of 2023 and 2024 and generally have a term of three years. Activity in the fourth quarter focused on extending that protection beyond 2025. We will look for attractive opportunities to continue to expand this protection. We have constructed the balance sheet to support a net interest margin range of 3.6% to 4% over the coming years, even if interest rates move back towards 1%. If rates remain elevated, our reported net interest margin is projected to surpass the high end of the range until deposits fully reprice. So, lets take a look at fee revenue and expense. Reported noninterest income includes $50 million of insurance proceeds related to a third quarter regulatory settlement. Excluding that, adjusted noninterest income declined 9% from the prior quarter as stability in wealth management income and a modest increase in card and ATM fees were offset by declines in other categories, mainly mortgage and capital markets. Service charges declined 3% due primarily to three fewer days in the fourth quarter versus the third [Ph]. We expect to offer a grace period feature to cover overdrafts around midyear 2023 and when combined with our previously implemented enhancements, will result in full year service charges of approximately $550 million. Within capital markets, increases in M&A fees were offset by declines in all other categories, including a negative $11 million CVA and DVA adjustment. Despite an increase in servicing income, elevated interest rates and seasonally lower production drove total mortgage income lower during the quarter. With respect to outlook, we expect full year 2023 adjusted total revenue to be up 8% to 10% compared to 2022. Lets move on to noninterest expense. Reported professional and legal expenses declined significantly driven by charges related to the settlement of a regulatory matter in the third quarter. Excluding this and other adjusted items, adjusted noninterest expenses increased 2% compared to the prior quarter. Salaries and benefits increased 2%, primarily due to an increase in associate headcount during the fourth quarter and higher benefits expense. Equipment and software expenses increased 4%, reflecting increased technology investments. The fourth quarter level does provide a reasonable quarterly run rate for 2023. We expect full year 2023 adjusted noninterest expenses to be up 4.5% to 5.5%, and we expect to generate positive adjusted operating leverage of approximately 4%. From an asset quality standpoint, overall credit performance remains broadly stable while experiencing expected normalization. Net charge-offs were 29 basis points in the quarter. Excluding the impact of the third quarter consumer loan sale, adjusted full year net charge-offs were 22 basis points. Nonperforming loans remained relatively stable quarter-over-quarter and were below pre-pandemic levels. Provision expense was $112 million this quarter. While the allowance for credit loss ratio remained unchanged at 1.63%, the increase to the allowance was due primarily to economic conditions, normalizing credit from historically low levels and loan growth. These increases were partially offset by the elimination of the hurricane-related reserves established last quarter. Just to remind you, we believe our normalized charge-offs based on our current book of business should range from 35 to 45 basis points on an annual basis. However, due to the strength of the consumer and to businesses, we expect our full year 2023 net charge-off ratio to be in the range of 25 to 35 basis points. From a capital standpoint, we ended the quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio at an estimated 9.6%, reflecting solid capital generation through earnings, partially offset by continued loan growth. Given the uncertain economic outlook, we plan to manage capital levels near the upper end of our 9.25% to 9.75% operating range over the near term. So, in closing, we delivered strong results in 2022, despite volatile economic conditions. We are in some of the strongest markets in the country, and while we remain vigilant to indicators of potential market contraction, we will continue to be a source of stability to our customers. Pretax, pre-provision income remains strong, expenses are well controlled, credit remains broadly stable, and capital and liquidity are solid. And with that, well move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: In terms of your deposit beta, regarding that 35% beta assumption by year-end 23, what is your -- maybe help us think about what your assumption is around noninterest-bearing mix as a percentage of total deposits. How do you see that trending through the year? Whats underlying that assumption?
David Turner: Yes. John, this is David. So what we did, were at 39% noninterest-bearing right now. Weve always had more noninterest-bearing than most everybody. Its just the nature of our deposit base. We said we would continue to see deposit runoff this year somewhere in the $3 billion to $5 billion range. And for our guidance, weve taken all of that out of NIB. So you should expect that percentage of NIB to decline somewhat during the year. Now, thats just what we put in the guide. We could see some mix changes from that NIB and maybe not -- thats the most harsh it could be. So thats why we put it in the guide. So, I dont know if theres a follow-up there.
John Pancari: Okay. No, thats helpful. And I think the other color on the beta provides some of the additional detail. But just separately, if I could just hop over to credit for my follow-up. Can you give us a little bit of color around what drove the increase in charge-offs in the quarter. It looks like that may have been in C&I, but I want to get a little bit of color around what youre seeing there? Are you seeing any stresses in certain pockets of your loan categories that youre watching that are starting to generate some losses? And then also what drove the 14% increase in the criticized loans? Thanks.
John Turner: Yes. John, this is John. So, we did see a little uptick in business services charge-offs in the quarter related to a handful of credits. Weve identified couple areas or a couple of segments of the portfolio where we see elevated stress at the office, healthcare, consumer discretionary, senior housing and transportation on the small end of trucking in particular. Were seeing elevated levels of -- or elevating levels, I should say, of classified loans, in particular. So, to the second part of your question, we are seeing some normalization in the portfolio. Classified loans are increasing toward levels that we would expect to be more "normalized" and the categories in which that -- were seeing that change are the 5 identified, but there are some odds and ends in the portfolio as well as inflationary impacts and rising rates affect isolated customers. In general, we still feel very good about credit quality. And as David said, were guiding to 25 to 35 basis points of charge-offs in 2023.
David Turner: And John, Ill add. If you look at page 19, we tried to help you with the areas that John just mentioned in terms of the higher risk segments. And you can see on that page, the strength of the allowance to cover those increases in the criticized level that we have listed in the supplement. And we dont necessarily have a loss in every one of those that migrated into criticized. But what we do see, we have already embedded in the reserve and its factored in, as John mentioned, in our guidance of 25 to 35 in charge-offs for 2023.
John Pancari: Yes. Thanks, David. I appreciate that. If I could just ask one more on that, on the reserve, you pretty much kept it stable this quarter. Could you maybe discuss the likelihood of incremental builds here, or do you think it fairly represents the scenarios of outlook that youre looking at here?
David Turner: Well, we certainly believe that it represents what we think is the loss content that exists today. Obviously, every quarter, we have to reassess the economy, the quality of the portfolio at those times. So, we think we have it covered. The only bill that you would see from this standpoint that we know of would be related to new loan growth. And were going to have some of that. We said we would grow loans about 4% end to end during the year. So, well need to provide for that. But we think at 1.63% is a good coverage ratio for the risk that we have in the portfolio.
John Turner: Based on our current economic assumptions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: I just want to follow-up on the funding side of the balance sheet. Could you talk a little bit about -- you guys have had that ability to just keep your loan-to-deposit ratio in a good spot. And Im just wondering if you could kind of help us understand what you expect to do over time in terms of your wholesale debt footprint, including long-term debt? And what that would imply then for what you expect to do with the securities book over time as well? Thank you.
David Turner: Yes. So, we continue to have one of the lowest loan deposit ratios. I think, you were leading to that. Were in great markets. We continue to work on growing accounts, whether it be checking accounts or operating accounts. Thats the hallmark of our whole franchise. This is the strength of that deposit base. So, we will continue to leverage that deposit base in terms of our funding mix. At least for the first half of the year, we dont see the need to go into any wholesale borrowings. We have plenty of access to that, should we need it. Most of our peers, I think, have all tapped wholesale funding already. So, were being able to leverage that and thats where we give you the pretty strong guide in terms of our NII growth for the year of 13% to 15%. So, well see what the deposit flows are. As we mentioned to John earlier, the deposit outflows we see that we put in our guide is $3 billion to $5 billion. Now remember, we said 5 to 10, this past year, we were at 7. So, weve been estimating it pretty well, and were taking to offer our guide all of that out of NIB. So, well see what happens during the year. But you -- dont expect us to be looking for wholesale funding until at least the second half of the year.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then, just a follow-up. Youre going to do that grace period, and we saw you reiterate the $550 million of service charges. Can you just kind of just give an update on the state of the consumer there and behavioral changes and any other learnings and findings that kind of continue to make you confident in upholding that 550 zone of service charges?
John Turner: Yes. Well, Ken, we continue to see consumers maintaining good deposit balance levels. Spending is up modestly, but we think being managed very carefully by our consumer -- customer base. We feel good about the health of the consumer overall. With respect to overdrafts and the changes that weve made to benefit customers, weve seen about a 20% decline in the number of customers who are overdrawing their accounts on a month-to-month basis, which we are happy about. Thats -- ultimately, the objective is to help customers better manage their finances. And so, I would say, all in all, we feel good about our guide and good about the impact of the changes that weve made have had on our consumer customer base.
David Turner: Yes. Ken, let me add to that. Embedded in the service charges is treasury management and treasury management has had a fantastic year. If you look at the fourth quarter for treasury management, we were up 7% fourth quarter of 22 to fourth quarter 21. If you look at the entire year, we were up 9% in TM. So, thats been a positive to us thats helped bolster that downward trend of service charges due to all the account changes that weve made and will be a strength for us going into 2023 and gives us confidence, as John mentioned, that we can meet the 550 in service charges for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt OConnor: Just a big picture strategic question. Obviously, youve done an amazing job growing the interest income and getting the rate call right. It seems like 3 for 3 here. But I guess the flip side is the kind of revenue mix has become more dependent on rates and the balance sheet, right, as we think about the fee composition. So, anyway, long story short, the question is what strategic opportunities do you have to grow the fee revenues and maybe something thats more from an acquisition point of view to accelerate that?
John Turner: Well, weve been, as you know, active making nonbank acquisitions, particularly adding to our capital markets capabilities. And were pleased with -- despite the fact that we had a bit of a soft quarter in the fourth quarter, really pleased with the contribution that those capital markets investments are making to help us continue to strengthen relationships with customers and grow noninterest revenues up pretty dramatically over the last 6 or 7 years. Likewise, we are excited about the investments weve made on the consumer side. Whether it be the acquisition of Ascentium Capital; which is part of our Corporate Banking group; interbank, which gives us a chance to grow loans to homeowners, mortgage servicing rights that weve acquired, which have been helpful. And then, in the wealth space, weve made some acquisitions that have been modestly incremental helpful to us, and we continue to look for opportunities there as well. So, we are, I think, positioning ourselves as we continue to accrete capital to making additional investments as we see those opportunities arise, were consistently looking. And I think you can look for us to continue to try to build on the investments that weve already made.
David Turner: Yes. Matt, let me add that -- so the fact that weve been able to grow NII is actually a positive thing. We recognize it does lower the percentage of noninterest revenue as a total. But were very proud of the fact that weve been able to manage our balance sheet in this manner. More importantly, were trying to take the volatility out of that line item. And so, if you look at our ability to hedge, were locking in what we believe to be a very strong margin range of $3.60 to $3.90 over time, regardless of what the rate environment does. And so that gives us a lot of stability there. And if that means we have higher NII and the percentage of NIR is a bit lower than its historically been, were okay with that. To Johns point, we are going to look to use our capital for some nonbank acquisitions like you have seen us do, nothing too big, but just to bolster the NIR stream to make us more resilient in just about any environment that we have.
Matt OConnor: Understood. Thats helpful. And then just somewhat related, Ive been asking a lot of your peers the same question, but you all seem to be building capital kind of well beyond what I would have thought that you would need. And you talked about kind of the upper end to 9.25%, 9.75% CET1, and thats not new. But I guess the question is, why are you and others potentially all building what seems to be well in excess of what you need for CCAR? Are you anticipating something from CCAR changing? Is there kind of pressure behind the scenes from rating agencies, regulators or are just all the banks deciding on their own to be a little more conservative given the cycle where we are? Thank you.
John Turner: Yes. Well, Matt, we cant speak for the other banks. I would say for us, it is a bit of an uncertain time. We think there potentially are opportunities to continue to make nonbank acquisitions will arise. We were fortunate enough to make 3 in a short period of time at the end of 2021. And just operating at the upper end of our range gives us some flexibility, and wed like to continue to maintain that given the uncertain environment that were operating in.
David Turner: And if you look at CCAR degradation in capital was one of the lowest of the peer group. So, we dont need capital to take care of the risk embedded in our balance sheet, it is really opportunistic -- opportunities were looking for. And frankly, having a little bit more capital doesnt hurt us from a return standpoint. And we generated over 30% return on tangible common equity. And so, having upper end of the 9.75 wont impact any meaningful way.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: A couple of questions. One, just on the loan growth outlook, I know you indicated you expect ending balances to be about 4% up year-on-year. Could you give us a sense as to how youre thinking through the dynamics of which pieces of the loan growth are likely to accelerate, be on the high side, lower side? And then, how much longer that runoff portfolio is going to impact the numbers? Thanks
David Turner: Yes. So, we expect loan growth to slow just with general economy slowing. I think, our growth opportunities will manifest itself in the corporate banking group, commercial and corporate banking, as line utilization likely goes up a bit. I think there will be some opportunities in the real estate. We did have some growth of real estate, primarily multifamily, still happy with that. We do have one of the lowest concentrations of investor real estate compared to the peer group. But we look at utilizing our capital selectively with the right customers, doing the right things, in particular, like I said, multifamily. On the consumer side, our Interbank acquisition we had in the end of 21, as John mentioned, is doing well for us. We look for that to have opportunities to continue to grow. And mortgage, while its going to be challenging again in 23 because of the rate environment, although its settled back a bit, it will give us some opportunity to grow a bit in the consumer side. As you mentioned, we do have some runoff portfolios, our last one -- by the time we get to the end of this year, were probably not having a discussion about exit portfolios anymore.
John Turner: I would just add, despite the fact that we expect a small business customer to be under some pressure in more challenged economy, were seeing real opportunity through the Ascentium Capital platform, making loans to businesses on business essential equipment. Were able to leverage that platform, which is very specialized in nature through our branch system into our existing customer base and over 35%-plus of our branches in 2022 originated a loan through the Ascentium Capital. Well see more of that grow, I think, and again, another opportunity to leverage an acquisition into our existing customer base.
Betsy Graseck: Yes. That was going to be one of my follow-ups, just trying to understand Ascentium and the dynamic and the driver that it is for you. And I guess the underlying question here is, is it -- whats the average size of this loan, an Ascension loan? Is it more of a small business size or medium, or maybe you can give us some color around that.
John Turner: Yes. It is a small business. Its loans originated on equipment that is, as I said, business essential. So, the thesis is that that business owner is likely to pay that loan first because he has to -- he or she has to have the equipment to operate the business. The average size of the loan is about $75,000 and the term would be 3 to 4 years on average.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, great. And then, just lastly, a follow-up on the funding question that came up earlier. I mean, were hearing from others that borrowing from federal home loan banks is interesting, even though the base rate sticker price might look a little higher. You obviously get some dividend back from the swap you also get the fact that you dont have to pay the FDIC. So, Im just wondering is it at all attractive to you at some point to lean in more there or not?
David Turner: Well, I think well need to evaluate with that closer when we get to the point where we need it. We still have opportunities. Weve had a $2 billion to $3 billion worth of corporate deposits that have moved off our balance sheet to seek higher rates that we werent willing to pay. Those are our customers. We own their -- still have their operating account. They just moved their excess cash elsewhere. So, theres an opportunity to go back to those customers first before we need to seek other wholesale funding. But I think we have all avenues. We have term debt too that can help us with the FDIC as well. Well just have to evaluate the total cost of all of our opportunities at that time, which I said earlier is really going to be in the second half of the year.
Betsy Graseck: Right. You havent needed that at this stage. Got it. Thanks so much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Scouten with Piper Sandler.
Stephen Scouten: So, its hard to pick apart anything in this quarter, results were fantastic. I guess, the one question I get from people is, as we start to see maybe some normalization in credit is how do you really highlight for folks how much different your franchise is today versus pre-cycle? I know youve laid some of that out in mid-quarter presentations, the shift to investment grade and so forth. But how would you combat that pushback from some folks?
John Turner: I think balance and diversity is the first thing I would point to when you look at pre -- Great Recession our balance sheet, whether it be on the right side or the left side, assets or liabilities, we had concentrations in certain asset classes, and we were very dependent on interest-bearing deposits for funding. If you look at the reshaping of our balance sheet over time, our liability side of our balance sheet, I think, is really strong and provides as weve talked about, to this point, foundation for our outperformance, and we expect that will continue. On the asset side of the balance sheet, we have only -- less than 10% of our outstandings are in investor real estate. Thats down significantly from pre-crisis levels. And we also, I think, have been very -- very committed to concentration in risk management. We have a very active and ongoing credit risk management process, which we believe will produce much better results than we had previously delivered. Were committed to consistent sustainable long-term performance, and that requires that we manage credit risk well. At the end of the day, I know weve got to deliver, and we intend to do that, but we think were well positioned.
David Turner: I would add that we also developed, not too long ago, a new tool. We call it our click, which didnt mean anything to you. But what it does is it analyzes the cash flows of each of our customers. And weve built that, developed that tool to give us an idea of product and service that a customer may need from us that they dont have. What we found is it gave us such good information on cash flows every month that it gave us an earlier indicator of potential credit stress. And thats part of what youre seeing when you see us move things into criticized categories. We can be more proactive because we have better information to manage credit risk management through that tool.
Stephen Scouten: Got it. Thats extremely helpful. And maybe just one other question for me there is loan growth, the 4% guide, I completely respect all the shifts and concerns in the environment that may take that down there. But, you put up 11% growth this quarter, utilizations continue to increase. Where could you outperform that 4%, I guess, if the environment maybe wasnt as bad as we might fear? And -- how do you think about that shift youve talked about into capital markets? And what could really drive that pushing some of those customers back into that space?
John Turner: So, were currently modeling about $2 billion, I think, in current outstanding that could move back -- could move off the balance sheet, capital markets open. Thats a rough number, but thats -- give you some indication of a "headwind" if the capital markets do open. So, that could be a plus or minus to answer your question, and I think would be the one area where we probably would see more growth than we anticipated if that did not happen.
David Turner: Yes. Our line utilization is still below historical levels. Every 1 point increases about $600 million in outstanding. So, we get people drawn on their lines. Perhaps that could be helpful. Well see what the rate environment looks like with regards to mortgage. Well see what the economy looks like for consumers to improve their home and leverage Interbank. So, there are some opportunities for us to outperform those numbers if the economy kind of continues along its current path. Its still fairly healthy, and inflation is coming down. So, I think we have some opportunity to outperform there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys share with us -- you gave an interesting slide in your deck about how your deposit customers have more deposits in their accounts than pre-pandemic, I think, at slide 17. Have you reached out and whats driving these numbers? Because obviously, you hear about the savings rate nationally is down, but you and your peers are showing numbers like this. And I was just wondering if you could share with us what your -- some of the trends that youre seeing here that keeps these balances the way they are?
David Turner: Yes. The specific page on 17 on the right-hand side, were talking about those customers that had less than $1,000 in their account. And that -- compared to the end of 19, they have 6 times the balances. A big driver is that cohort was the recipient of a lot of stimulus. That stimulus could have come in the form of absolute transfer payments. It could have come in the form of minimum wage increases. Those are permanent. So, what weve seen is our customers actually are making more money, and theyre keeping it -- theyre keeping their spending under control even though we have inflationary pressures. So, that cohort has had more wage growth than most everybody else. And we dont see it going away. Were a bit surprised and were watching it every month to see if theres a change, but I think the slide was fairly consistent with what we showed you last quarter as well. So, from a -- youre really talking about just the consumer on page 17, but business customers continue to have more liquidity as well.
Gerard Cassidy: I got it. So, the wage growth, theyre having better wage growth than most people on this call then, right, David?
David Turner: Yes, sir.
Gerard Cassidy: Moving on to slide 19. In the high-risk industry segments, a couple of questions. One, can you share with us -- and maybe you addressed this already in the earlier comments on this slide. But in the office space, is it mostly the Class B and C that -- or Class B that youre more focused on than Class A? And then second, could there be other industry segments that could show up in this slide 6 months from now or 12 months from now?
John Turner: Yes. Gerard, Id say with respect to your question about office, that would be accurate. Were focused on, lets say, the non-Class A -- 82% of our portfolio is Class A, 63% is in the Sunbelt. About 36% of our portfolio is single tenant. So, the portion that we are concerned about would be Class B space, a good percentage of it is also in suburban markets of 74%, I think, in suburban markets. In terms of industries or segments that we have some concern about, I would say that were still watching senior housing closely. I think its performed okay, post-pandemic, but its an area that we had some concern about rising cost, availability of labor, things that impact that particular segment and then consumer discretionary as people continue to feel the pressure of rising costs and/or the uncertainty in the environment, we think that -- and as unemployment begins to moderate a bit, we think that consumer discretionary is an area that could be impacted.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens.
Terry McEvoy: Maybe first one, I was hoping you could provide a little bit more details on, I guess, its slide 7 in one of those footnotes, specifically how the $40 million security hedge benefit in the fourth quarter will, and Ill put in quotes here, "migrate to loan yields" as those hedges on loans mature. And I guess, from a high-level trend to make sure I understand the impact of that $6-plus billion hedge on securities that matured last quarter?
David Turner: Yes. Sure. So, what we did at the end of December of 21 is we wanted to add some more sensitivity to the fourth quarter. We had some hedges that were maturing in that fourth quarter that received fixed swaps. But we wanted to move that and have those effectively terminate a quarter earlier. We could have torn those up, but it would have taken a lot of effort to do so because there are a bunch of small notionals in there and the cost and time to do that. Really, theres an easier way to do it, which is we purchased a pay fixed swap for that quarter. And so, when that sensitivity came back, it generated about $40 million in the quarter. Now, our sensitivity naturally comes back in the first quarter because we have received fixed swaps that are maturing right at the end of the year. So, that sensitivity came back naturally in the first quarter, and thats why you wont see a decline due to this $40 million that we had in the fourth quarter. That is also why weve been able to give you guidance that were going to grow NII in the first quarter somewhere between 1% and 3%. So, its not a cliff. You dont need to worry about having a cliff effect for it. That makes sense?
Gerard Cassidy: It does, yes. Then as a follow-up, and I dont mean to be too acute, but Ive had a few people ask me. If I look at your 1Q and full year 23 NII guide, does -- is the -- the fourth quarter appears lower than the first quarter. So, maybe could you just talk about kind of the trajectory of NII as you think about it today?
David Turner: Well, weve given you a guide for the year of 13% to 15% up. Weve also given you a guide from the fourth quarter to the first quarter growth of 1% to 3%. Now obviously, theres more pressure as after the Fed stops raising rates for a quarter or two, youre going to see deposit costs continue -- they lag. So, youre going to continue to see pressure after that. Its going to affect everybody in the industry that way. And so, youll see that decline at some point quarter-over-quarter during the year. So, thats why its harder just to extrapolate fourth quarter, but well see where the Fed goes. Our guidance is predicated on the December 4. If that changes, then well come back and update our outlook. But that gives you enough information to be able to model and do your sensitivities. But yes, there will be some declines in NII based on the forwards sometime during 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Rochester with Compass Point.
Dave Rochester: I had a follow-up on capital. You guys had a nice bump up in ratios this quarter. And just given the loan growth outlook youre talking about, it seems like youll be at the top end of that target range for CET1 by the end of 1Q. I know the buyback hasnt been a big priority for you recently. But at what point do you think that it might make sense to turn back on?
David Turner: Yes. So, as we think of capital allocation, before I get there, let me point out one thing. We do have the impact of the regulatory change that will hit us in this first quarter as everybody. Thats about 10 basis points working the other way, so. But your question is broader, how do we think about capital allocation, including repurchases. So first off, we want to use our capital to support our loan growth. We want to pay a dividend in the 35% to 45% range. Weve been at the low end of that. So, we would like to operate over time, at least in the middle of that. We want to use some of our capital for nonbank acquisitions, in particular, to bolster our noninterest revenue as we discussed. I forgot who asked that question. And then, the kind of we use the share repurchase as the toggle, will keep our capital where we want it to be, which we said would be at the upper end of our range of 9.75%. We just think thats prudent with uncertainty overly negatively affect our return. So, if we go meaningfully over that, we could turn on share repurchases and well just have to see how that -- the capital generation should be very strong in 2023. And we should have enough to do all things I mentioned. And if we cant put our capital to work doing a nonbank acquisition, then well give it back to the shareholders.
Dave Rochester: Okay. I appreciate the color there. And then, back on the $3 billion to $5 billion deposit runoff outlook you talked about earlier. I was glad to hear you seem to be conservative with assuming all of that runoff was in noninterest-bearing deposits. Was curious regarding the big picture, what youre seeing in the book that gets you to the $3 billion to $5 billion range? And how sensitive is that just a stronger move up in Fed funds, if we end up seeing that? And then how are you thinking about funding that runoff where thats going to come from the securities book, which is lower rate or if youre assuming some of that or most of that comes out of cash at this point in your NII outlook?
David Turner: Yes. We have plenty of cash right now to take care of that runoff. So, thats not a big deal. That $3 billion to $5 billion, theres some corporate changes in there that will be seeking rates. Theres some consumer changes that are seeking rates. Historically, movements like this happen late cycle. So, were getting there. We all think that were getting towards the end of the cycle. And so, people will look to capture that upside so they can lock in the best rate before rates start going the other way. So, how much conservatism we have in there? Well see. We had a pretty big run-up in deposits, $40 billion during the pandemic, and were holding on to quite a bit of that, more so than we originally thought. But I think itd be prudent to -- we think its prudent to put in this runoff of $3 billion to $5 billion and again, conservatively all in NIB.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Could you speak to concerns that we could see the mix of time deposits and noninterest-bearing deposits return, potentially not just the pre-COVID levels, but back to pre-GFU [ph] levels in this environment? Youve given a lot of great detail on the strength of your deposit franchise, but it would be great to hear your thoughts on sort of that risk, both broadly at the industry level and more specifically for reasons as we look ahead from here.
David Turner: Yes. Youre breaking up a little bit, but I think what your question was, is how do we think about time deposits versus noninterest-bearing deposits and where will we settle out over time? So, were sitting here today at 39% noninterest-bearing. There have been some movements out of that to -- because we were over 40% into CDs. So, we do believe theres going to be some remixing. Thats built into our beta assumption of 35% through the end of the year. We still think well have more NIB than most everybody because thats the nature of our deposit book. Very granular deposits, in particular on the consumer side where we have leading primacy that makes a difference. So, money goes in, money goes out. Theyre not seeking rate, they use it as there -- thats their operating account. And so, we believe that we will continue to see some decline in the NIB. Again, we conservatively put $4 billion out of that. We think theres probably a chance that therell be -- it wont all come out of NIB, but we thought that was the best thing to do from a guidance standpoint.
Bill Carcache: Thats very helpful. Thank you. And then separately, I wanted to follow up on your comments around the NIM protection that you put in place, how would you respond to the view that the downside protection that banks are putting on in this environment doesnt make a lot of sense because of the negative carry associated with it since the forward curve, discounts, everything that we see in the current environment, youre effectively just investing at whatever the yield curve is -- whatever the yield curve is at the moment.
David Turner: Well, the most important thing to remember is our hedging strategy is not meant to generate increases in NII. It is a risk reduction measure. Its a hedge, is to protect us in low rates. When you have a deposit franchise like we do that has lower costs than our peers, and thats the way its been historically. As rates come down, we dont have a mechanism to protect our net interest margin because we cant lower deposit costs much as low as our peers can. Therefore, we have to do it synthetically. And thats what the hedge program does. And we set these up generally forward starting. So, we dont have negative carry until they start -- or the risk of negative carry until they start. And frankly, if we do at that time, that means rates are higher, and the rest of our book is earning that much more, and were okay with that. What it means is, yes, it costs us a little bit in NII, but we have a leading margin. So, were okay. You cant think of it as a trade as some people talk about it as being a trade. Thats not what it is. Its a hedge to protect us in low rate.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jennifer Demba with Truist Securities.
Jennifer Demba: A question on loan growth. Im just curious how much competitive retrenchment youre seeing from the banks you compete with most often? And how offensive are you willing to get for credits that look really attractive right now to you?
John Turner: Well, I would say, first of all, plenty of competition out there. And we dont -- while there are certain segments, particularly real estate, where there are some competitors who are not as active today for a variety of reasons, in general, the market is very competitive, whether it be large banks, regional banks, smaller banks that we compete with. And so, weve got to be actively calling on our customers and our prospects and being very diligent in our activities, making sure that were in the market in front of customers. When were doing that, we get opportunities. With respect to how aggressive we want to be, we dont change our approach to how we think about credit risk management, how we think about pricing and structure. We want to win because we have expertise because we provide really good ideas and solutions to customers, and we think that that resonates, and as a result, has helped us continue to build on growth in our portfolio.
Jennifer Demba: Great. Thanks a lot.
John Turner: Okay. Thats all the calls, I think. Id just end by saying were awfully proud of our 2022 results and the momentum that were carrying into 2023. Weve worked hard over the last 10 years to remake our business and to build a balance sheet and income statement and importantly, a culture of risk management that will allow us to deliver consistent, sustainable performance. And we think were seeing that now. Were going to continue to focus on organic growth and investing in our business, and we believe well continue to deliver the kinds of results that youve seen in 2022. So, thank you for your interest in our company, and have a great weekend.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Christine. Welcome to Regions third quarter 2022 earnings call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding the quarter. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statements disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A.  I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. Once again, Regions delivered another strong quarter underscoring our commitment to generating consistent, sustainable long-term performance. We generated earnings of $404 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.43. Our results include the resolution of a previously disclosed regulatory matter, the establishment of an incremental $20 million reserve for potential losses associated with Hurricane Ian and a strategic sale of $1.2 billion of unsecured consumer loans. Excluding the regulatory matter and other adjusted items, we once again generated record adjusted pretax pre-provision income. This quarter's results reflect strong revenue growth driven by higher rates, robust loan growth, low deposit cost and well-controlled operating expenses. Asset quality remains broadly stable with credit metrics in line to slightly better than pre-pandemic levels. In general, we feel good about the health of both our corporate and consumer customers. Many of our business customers have adopted operating models capable of thriving in uncertain operating environments and remain cautiously optimistic about opportunities to grow and expand their businesses. Consumers continue to maintain strong liquidity levels, and unemployment in our footprint remains at historical lows. This quarter's results are further evidence of the investments we made in talent, technology and strategic acquisitions continue to pay off. As expanded products, capabilities and expertise are helping us to meet customer needs and deepen relationships.  Before wrapping up, I want to take a moment to speak about Hurricane Ian. This was an incredibly powerful storm and communities in Florida and South Carolina all face difficult challenges as they began the recovery process. I'm extremely proud of the way our teams are responding to meet the needs of our customers, fellow associates and communities affected. Regions has a long history of helping communities through difficult times and will continue to support the recovery efforts. In closing, we have a strong balance sheet that is well positioned to perform in any economic environment. We have a solid strategic plan, an outstanding team and a proven track record of successful execution. While sentiment across both business and consumers remains generally positive, we will continue to monitor our portfolios for indicators of stress. We have robust credit and interest rate risk management frameworks and a disciplined and dynamic approach to managing concentration risk, which has positioned us well to continue to deliver consistent, sustainable long-term performance.  Now, David will provide some highlights regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet. Average loans grew 4% while ending loans grew 1% during the quarter Ending loans reflect the impact of the strategic sale of $1.2 billion of consumer loans on the last day of the quarter and represents another example of our disciplined approach to capital allocation. Average business loans increased 5%, reflecting high-quality, broad-based growth across all businesses and industries, specifically financial services, wholesale durables, transportation, information services and multifamily. Approximately 70% of the growth again this quarter was driven by existing clients accessing and expanding their credit lines to rebuild inventories and expand their businesses. Commercial line utilization levels ended the quarter at approximately 43.1%, modestly lower versus the prior quarter. However, loan production remained strong with linked quarter commitments up $4.4 billion. Unfavorable capital market pricing continues to augment loan growth. However, we believe improved market conditions will eventually lead to clients refinancing off our balance sheet through the debt markets. Average consumer loans grew 3%, while ending loans declined 1%, driven primarily by the previously mentioned loan sale. Growth in average mortgage, credit card and other consumer was offset by declines in other categories. Within other consumer, EnerBank loans, which are primarily prime and super prime, grew 14% compared to the prior quarter. We expect full year 2022 average loan growth of approximately 9%. This assumes a slowing rate of growth compared to the third quarter.  Let's turn to deposits. As expected, deposits continued to normalize in the quarter. Average total consumer balances were modestly lower quarter-over-quarter, largely consistent with typical pre-pandemic seasonal effects. Despite inflationary pressures, consumer balances have remained relatively stable, supported by wage increases and prudent spending.  Additionally, new customers and additional account acquisition remains healthy. Normalization has been more evident in average corporate and commercial deposits, which are down $2.9 billion quarter-over-quarter. However, overall liquidity managed by the corporate bank on- and off-balance sheet is relatively stable compared to year-end levels, reflecting the movement of some customer funds to off balance sheet treasury management options. The movement to these products and the remixing out of noninterest-bearing checking accounts into higher-yielding money market and savings accounts is as expected and is reflected in our overall deposit beta assumptions for this cycle. Ending balances have declined approximately $3.7 billion year-to-date, in line with our full year expectation for overall deposit reduction of between $5 billion and $10 billion. A rapidly rising rate environment is a significant competitive advantage for Regions, based on the combination of our legacy deposit base and the more resilient components of surge deposits. Let's shift to net interest income and margin. Reflecting our asset-sensitive profile, net interest income grew $154 million, or 14% quarter-over-quarter, while reported net interest margin increased 47 basis points to 3.53%. Our adjusted margin was 3.68%, reflecting the combined effects of average cash balances of $14 billion and PPP. The cycle to date deposit beta remains low at 9%, contributing to higher-than-anticipated net interest income growth. We expect full year deposit betas in the high teens. In addition to higher rates, growth in average loan balances provided further support for net interest income. Looking forward, while we do expect cash balances to continue to normalize, we do not anticipate accessing more expensive wholesale borrowing markets for multiple quarters. This, coupled with additional hedge maturities in the fourth quarter provides further runway for margin expansion. Total net interest income is projected to increase 7% to 9% in the fourth quarter and is now expected to be approximately 33% to 35% higher than the first quarter of 2022. Reported net interest margin is projected to surpass 3.80% in the fourth quarter. While we have purposefully retained leverage to higher interest rates during a period of low rates, our attention has shifted to normalizing our interest rate risk profile in today's uncertain environment. Through the first half of 2022, we added $15 billion of swaps and securities. The swaps become effective in the latter half of 2023 and 2024 and generally have a term of three years. This represents approximately 75% of the total hedging amount expected this cycle. As previously disclosed, hedging already completed will support a 3.60% margin floor even if rates move back to below 1%. We made some modest tactical changes to our profile in the third quarter, primarily extending some of our current protection. We still expect to execute an additional $5 billion of hedges and balanced market rate levels and risk to growth as we decide the appropriate time to finish the program.  Now let's take a look at fee revenue and expense. Adjusted noninterest income declined 5% from the prior quarter as a modest increase in wealth management was offset by declines in other categories. Service charges declined as the impact of policy enhancements implemented in mid-June, offset increases in other service charges, including treasury management. We expect to implement a grace period feature sometime in 2023. Overdraft policy changes made to date are expected to result in full year service charges of approximately $630 million in 2022. In 2023, after including the impact of a grace period feature, full year service charges are expected to be approximately $550 million. Within capital markets, activity was negatively impacted by the delay of M&A deals and higher rates in real estate capital markets. Results also include a positive $21 million CVA and DVA adjustment. We expect capital markets to generate fourth quarter revenue in the $80 million to $90 million range, excluding the impact of CVA and DVA. Card and ATM fees declined quarter-over-quarter. Credit card income was negatively impacted by higher costs associated with the reward liability, while check card and ATM fees produced lower interchange due to a decline in both transaction volume and discretionary spending resulting from higher inflation. Elevated interest rates and seasonally lower production drove mortgage income lower during the quarter, but was partially offset by higher servicing income. Wealth management continues to perform well despite ongoing market volatility, and we expect this business to grow incrementally year-over-year. We also expect full year 2022 adjusted total revenue to be up 11% to 12%, driven primarily by growth in net interest income, partially offset by lower PPP-related revenue and the impact of overdraft policy changes.  So, let's move on to noninterest expense. Reported professional and legal expenses reflect a charge related to the resolution of a previously announced regulatory matter. We do anticipate $50 million of this charge will be mitigated by insurance reimbursement proceeds, which we expect to receive in the fourth quarter. Excluding this and other adjusted items, adjusted noninterest expenses increased 4% compared to the prior quarter. Salaries and benefits increased 3%, primarily due to an increase of 277 full-time equivalent associates as well as one additional day in the quarter. This increase was partially offset by lower variable base compensation and a decrease in payroll taxes. Over 70% of the increase in associate headcount are customer-facing within our three lines of business. We expect full year 2022 adjusted noninterest expenses to be up 4.5% to 5.5% compared to 2021. Importantly, this includes the full year impact of the acquisitions we completed in the fourth quarter of last year as well as inflationary impacts. With the changes in revenue and expense guidance, we expect to generate positive adjusted operating leverage of approximately 6% in 2022. Although the consumer loan sale and hurricane-specific reserve creates some volatility in certain credit metrics this quarter, underlying credit performance remains broadly stable. Reported annualized net charge-offs increased 29 basis points. However, excluding the impact of the consumer loan sale, adjusted net charge-offs were in line with our expectations at 19 basis points, a 2 basis point increase over the prior quarter. We are seeing some deterioration in certain commercial segments that contributed to a quarter-over-quarter increase in nonperforming loans, but it is important to note that we remain below pre-pandemic levels. Provision expense was $135 million this quarter. The increase relative to the second quarter was due primarily to another quarter of strong growth in loans and commitments, normalizing credit from historically low levels and a $20 million reserve build for potential losses associated with Hurricane Ian. These increases were partially offset by a net provision benefit of $31 million associated with the consumer loan sale. Our allowance for credit loss ratio is up 1 basis point to 1.63% of total loans, while the allowance as a percentage of nonperforming loans remained strong at 311%. Our year-to-date adjusted net charge-off ratio is 19 basis points, and we now expect our full year 2022 adjusted net charge-off ratio to remain approximately 20 basis points. We ended the quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio at an estimated 9.3% for solid capital generation through earnings, partially offset by continued strong loan growth. Given the uncertain economic outlook, we plan to manage capital levels to the mid to upper end of our 9.25% to 9.75% operating range over time. So in closing, we've delivered strong year-to-date performance despite volatile economic conditions. We will continue to be a source of stability to our customers and also being vigilant with respect to any indicators of potential market contraction. Pretax pre-provision income remained strong. Expenses are well controlled. Credit remains broadly stable, and capital and liquidity are solid.  With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess maybe just to start out, I mean, obviously, revenue backdrop, NII looking pretty good heading into next year. Just give us a sense of how you're thinking about using some of these towards franchise investments? How we should think about expense growth going from here, both in terms of investments you're making, inflationary costs that you're seeing and just using a better revenue backdrop to actually invest in the franchise?
David Turner: Yes, Ebrahim, this is David. So as you saw, we made some -- quite a bit of investment last year in the fourth quarter through three nonbank acquisitions. We continue to look for opportunities in all three lines of business to continue to grow our franchise. We have a lot of things going on. We have our new systems we're going to be putting in over time, and we'll see cost increases related to that. But we have our continuous improvement program that we continue to leverage to keep our total expense growth under control. We're not going to give you guidance for next year, but we do have a page in the deck that shows you what our compound annual growth rate has been very strong in managing and keeping our costs down. And we're going to continue to do that while making appropriate investments. We don't have anything specific. We're on the look for opportunities to help grow our three lines of business soon.
Ebrahim Poonawala : And those, they were essentially tuck-in deals, be it fintech or fee kind of deals that you've done recently similar to those?
David Turner : That's correct.
Ebrahim Poonawala : Got it. And just one quick question on -- I mean, obviously, your hedging strategy is well understood. As we think about in a world where rates overshoot expectations relative to the forward curve, is there any risk to a potential drag to the margin at least in the short run where Fed is not cutting, but we actually see rates going much higher than what the forward cost pricing is.
David Turner : Well, I think you have a couple of different things. Higher rates for our type of franchise is good for us. So to the extent we overshoot 4.5%, 5% of Fed funds, we'll benefit from that. Clearly, if it stays up there longer, you end up having some incremental credit risk because if rates are that high, that means inflation continues to be higher than the Fed wants, and they have to keep going. So there could be some incremental credit risk until you get to settle down from a rate increase standpoint. The reason we haven't completed our hedging program and the reason we have $13 billion of cash is partially wanting to -- I don't want to use hedge again, but part of trying to figure out where rates might go. So we have a bit of dry powder. That's about $5 billion that we have dry, not counting at 13 on the books to hedge, and we're looking for a better foothold. So we could be patient. Our NII is growing nicely without that. And I think in our material, we show you that we can protect a margin right now of 3.60 if rates were to go back to 1% or below. So being patient, I think, is the right thing for us to be.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari : Just on the credit front, if you could get with a little more detail on the low or consumer loan sale in terms of the actual types of credits that were sold? And any remaining sales expected on that front? And if so, how are you thinking about the loss content on any remaining transactions on that side?
David Turner : Sure, John. This is David. So we acquired EnerBank in the fourth quarter last year. It's an unsecured consumer portfolio. We told you at that time, we could grow that portfolio double digits. That industry was about $175 billion industry. So you're talking about $1.7 billion to $2 billion worth of production each year. But we also had this other unsecured consumer portfolio that we had built up over time that those loans were not being serviced by us or serviced by a third party. And we thought that the right thing to do from a capital allocation standpoint and a risk reduction standpoint would be to sell that portfolio as we continue to invest in growing our EnerBank book.  As you can see in the slides, we had reserved about $94 million. We ended up taking charge-offs of $63 million. So we had $31 million worth of provision benefit that's flowing through the financials this quarter. But it was really a capital allocation risk reduction measure. And we don't anticipate at this time having anything else. We don't have any other unsecured portfolios like that -- that's not true. We do have a small, and it's a runoff.
John Pancari : Got it. Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then definitely also on credit, sorry. But the -- can you give us a little more detail around the decrease in NPAs. I know you mentioned some commercial segments. So what commercial areas did you see that increase, anything indicative of a trend you see there? And then I know you mentioned that you're seeing some normalization in credit that influence your provisioning in what areas are you seeing that normalization? And could that interpret into higher charge-off expectations for '23, even though I know you're at 20 bps for 2022?
John Turner : John, this is John. So we are seeing some stress in the office portfolio, particularly urban office, a reflection of some of the back-to-work changes that we're all seeing in the economy, consumer discretionary related kinds of businesses where consumers are choosing not to spend as freely as they had been. Some softness in not-for-profit healthcare related to rising labor costs and inflation, similarly in senior housing. Again, we're seeing, I would say, some impacts from both labor and inflationary costs and then some disruption in technology-related businesses. All that I'd characterize as the beginnings of what we would call normalization, we are at historically low levels in begin to normalize in 2023 and beyond, currently at 52 basis points of NPLs, still much better than pre-pandemic levels. The charge-offs, as you noted, 19 basis points for the quarter, we expect 20 for the year. We'll firm up our guidance for 2023 in late November or January. But our current projection is that charge-offs in '23 will be somewhere between 25 basis points and 35 basis points as we begin to see a return to more normal levels, again, of credit quality.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin : If I could just focus in on the fee side. I see you're continuing to reiterate your '23 service fees guidance of $550 million. And just kind of take you through the recent settlement and the incremental changes that you're making and the confidence you have in continuing to reiterate that level of service fees for next year?
John Turner : Yes. Ken, thank you for the question. I think what we're observing is customer patterns are very much what we expected when we made changes. So you might recall that we changed our posting order. We provided customers with alerts. We reduced the cap on daily overdraft fees. We eliminated charging for NSF. We eliminated charges for overdraft protection transfers. Most recently, we're giving customers access to their paycheck two days in advance. We also have implemented an overdraft protection line of credit to help customers. And in probably the second half of 2023, we'll also implement a grace period. All that is designed to help customers better manage their finances. And we're seeing a positive impact. It's not necessarily a trend, but I would say over the last quarter, we've seen about a 20% reduction in a number of customers who are overdrawing their account, which is, again, I think, a very positive thing. We've talked about historically how we've dealt with changes in fees. And I'd point to overdraft fees as an example. Since 2011, we've seen almost a 40% reduction in the collection of overdraft fees. And yet we overcame that and grew noninterest revenue over that same period of time of almost $500 million. So we have a history of continuing to evolve and change our business to overcome losses in fee revenues. We're doing that through growth in capital markets, growth in treasury management, growth in wealth management and in other parts of our business. And so we feel good about the impact to customers and believe that we can manage the impact to our business.
Kenneth Usdin : Got it. Okay. And second follow-up, just in terms of wealth management really has bucked the market trend here, continuing to increase in a really tough market. Can you just talk about is that new customer wins and business adds? And is that more than overcome the natural market challenges?
John Turner : Yes. It's a combination of a number of things. One, we have a very strong retail investment services business works very closely with our branch bankers and in this environment, we see a lot of customers who are interested in acquiring annuities. So we've seen nice growth in that source of fee revenue. Our institutional business is growing, and we've had some nice wins there. And then within wealth management, both opportunities to move new business, new customers, and we've additionally seen about 20% of our increase in fee revenue in the personal wealth management business as a result of customers moving money to us during this period of time where they're looking for more stability. Our approach to the business is as a fiduciary. And I think during uncertain and volatile times, customers are choosing to increase their level of business with us. So all those things are contributing to growth in wealth fee income.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian : My first question is for David. David, you're implying an exit rate for NII of $1.375 billion in the midpoint of the range of your guide. And I'm wondering, as we think about that as a jumping off point, do you think that you can continue to grow that level of NII based on the forward curve in '23?
David Turner : Yes. I mean I think we have -- as I mentioned earlier, we have some dry powder left. We still have $13 billion of cash. We don't have to access the wholesale market for several quarters based on our estimates. We have still a little bit of hedging to do. We did some slight repositioning this past quarter to help continue to grow NII and our resulting margin and really taking advantage of what could be a much higher rate environment. I would tell you our guidance is baked on a 75 basis point increase in November, followed by 50 basis point and then 25 basis points. If I had to -- if we had to do it all over again, we probably have that a little bit higher. So I think we have some incremental opportunities to grow, and our loan growth has been nice. We have a very solid balance sheet. We leverage our deposit franchise. And I think you can -- I think we're hitting a pretty good tailwind here, hopefully wrapping up the year strongly and really positioning '23 to be a pretty spectacular year as well. Again, we'll give you better guidance when we get to the earnings call in January.
Erika Najarian : Got it. And then the follow-up. As we think about deposit trends, clearly, the rate curve implies the terminal rate over 100 basis points greater than we last -- spoken in this type of earnings context. I'm wondering if you could give us a sense of how do you -- you've been very active with regards to managing some of the search deposits. How do you think about deposit growth from fourth quarter? Do you think most of the surge deposits and that impact would have been driven out of the bank? And additionally, with a 9% cumulative beta in the third quarter, how should we think about terminal beta within the new Fed on rate or that the forward curve is implying?
David Turner : Yes. So, we've been saying all along that we expected deposits to decline in the corporate space, in particular, the surge deposits of $5 billion to $10 billion. We're down about 4.5 since year-end -- since last year-end. And I think that we still expect that to happen. We're holding on to more than we thought. And so perhaps that's a positive to us. I think as you think about betas, so our beta last cycle was about 29%, right at 30%. We've been guiding that it's going to be higher, this go around to the mid to upper 30s. Our Q into beta now is at 9%. I think linked quarter we at 11%. This next quarter, you're going to see that move up a bit. We expect about a 30% beta in the fourth quarter, it will take our cumulative to mid-teens. And then in the first quarter, we're probably going to see even a higher beta than that, call it, 50%, which will get our cumulative to about 25 at that time. So, I think you're going to just continue to see this hike-up a bit. But we believe our beta as like last time will be lower than our peers, which is the value of our franchise, but call it, mid-30s to upper 30s.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy : David, can we follow up on the credit side of it? Again, I know your levels of credit delinquencies and charge-offs are extremely low. But John, when you were talking about some of the commercial stuff, can you share with us just how large the syndicated loan portfolio is today as well as the leverage portfolio? And are there any signs that syndicated portfolio is showing signs of more weakness in your just in footprint portfolio?
John Turner : Sure, Gerard. First of all, no would be the answer to the last question. And the syndicated portfolio represents about 25% of our overall portfolio. Interestingly, we've had a 27% increase in investment-grade balances over the last 12 months. And so, the investment grade portion of our overall portfolio is about 40% today. Over the last three years or so, we've seen the probability of default come down by 19 basis points. And in other words, the quality of our book continues to improve, we believe. Our leverage book as defined, about 3/4 is roughly $9.5 billion in total and about 86% of that is in the Shared National Credit exposure. So again, pretty high quality, we think, and we're not seeing any deterioration to speak of in that portfolio at all.
David Turner : Gerard, this is David. We have a -- oftentimes they don't get to the back of our deck. But on Page 25, we have a lot of what John was speaking to. And it really shows the -- quite a bit of improvement in terms of probability of default and the investment grade improvement.
Gerard Cassidy : Great. Thank you. And then following up on deposits. Obviously, as you pointed out, David, a few times on the call, strength of the franchises, the deposits, which is true for most banks prior to quantitative easing, of course. But what's striking is your Slide 19 that those medium customer deposit balances just remain so healthy. Have you guys dug into it? Is it -- I think you may have referenced about maybe higher paychecks on the consumer side that's keeping balances up? But what are you guys sensing from why these balances just don't seem to be really falling off just yet?
David Turner : Yes. So, the consumer has been very resilient. In particular, this bucket that we have on [indiscernible], that group happened to -- that cohort happened to be the recipient of a lot of stimulus. They also were recipient of minimum wage increases. Our unemployment rate is below 4%. So these are people working and they're being prudent where they're spending. And so they just haven't -- they just have not spent more than they make. And I think it's attributable to what John just mentioned in terms of overdraft being down, too. I think people are being more cautious and careful in this period of time. And with inflation, you would expect this group to be hit more adversely but they also disproportionately benefited. So that's why you're seeing this on the surface, it doesn't make sense to you, but that's what the data is telling us. And we've gotten pretty granular with this group account by account by account, which is where we got the information from.
Gerard Cassidy : And David, this group you're referring to, is this -- would you say a FICO score group of high 600s to low 700s? Or is that about right?
David Turner : It's not just lower income, lower FICOs. It has to do with how people manage their money. So it's lower balances. So this customer segment was under $1,000. That could be people that have fine FICOs, they just spend about what they make. So they don't have a lot in their account. So it's not necessarily the lower FICO band.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache : Following up on your comments on Slide 19. Does the data tell you that the Fed is going to have to do more? Or does your interpretation of this suggest rather that consumers and businesses are just in a better position to weather the downturn? Curious to hear sort of just your interpretation of Slide 19.
David Turner : The Fed doing more in terms of raising rates and slowing inflation or stimulus or what -- from what context are you talking about?
Bill Carcache : Yes, the Fed doing more in the sense that it's this high level of liquidity and capacity to spend that is in and of itself fueling inflation and perhaps that could lead the Fed to do more from that perspective?
David Turner : Well, we certainly think the Fed is getting after inflation. And as a result, we think their move is going to be pretty strong this next couple of moves at least. And -- but this customer segment is just -- they're just better -- some of our businesses, frankly, better prepared for whatever downturn or slowdown we might have. Our base case is not a recession, but we do think the probability of that has increased. And if the Fed moves at the pace we think, there's a strong likelihood that, that can happen, but we think it will be fairly mild. But we do think that customer spend patterns are down. We saw that in our debit card transactions this quarter, quarter-over-quarter, they were down. And so we think people are already being prudent with that. The inflation that we're seeing is coming from labor in a very tight labor market, it's hard to get on top of that unless unemployment rate goes up, some. So I think that's what will happen over time. And then other inflations have been driven by commodities, which is really a supply imbalance right now versus demand. But with the Fed moving at the pace that they're moving is going to slow that down. It's going to bring demand back to supply. And I think you'll see us -- the expectation is you would see a slowdown from that standpoint.
Bill Carcache : That's very helpful. And the expectation of a mild recession to the extent that we have one is consistent with your reasonable and supportable outlook on Slide 23. But just for sensitivity purposes, could you give a sense of what kind of impact taking the unemployment, say, to 5% -- the 5% level would have on the reserve rate, for example?
David Turner : Yes. I can give you some data points, but it's important to know that when you start picking on one particular item, there are a host of things that go into the calculation. So what you're asking for is everything else being stable except for unemployment going to 5% or 6%. So if you were to do -- and no other changes, no response from the bank, no anything, you would probably have a reserve that's 20% higher under a 6% unemployment. But again, you start taking into account what employment means we're interest rates. And so our NII is likely overwhelming whatever credit issues that we might bake in. So it's a nice thing to think through, but there are just too many parts that kind of figure out what the net-net is. We think higher rates for Regions is still a net positive.
Bill Carcache : That's very helpful. And if I can, just for clarification, ask a final question on Slide 23. Sorry, just forgot what slide it was, but your overall commentary about protecting NIM in that the 3.6% range, I think it was Slide 20 in 2023 and beyond. How far beyond '23 does the protection extend? And would that protection still hold in an extreme where rates fall to take it to an extreme where if ZIRP were to return, does the protection still -- is the protection still in place? Or is it only up to a certain level of Fed funds?
David Turner : Well, generally, when we put in hedges they're about three years in duration. So if you -- we're talking about the middle of '23 and '24 start. So you're three years out from that. So you're '26, '27 protection. And so we will look to extend those. We still have room to -- for more hedging and it's dynamic. We study this every single quarter. And we got a group that does it every day. And so this is just a static position that we're showing you as of the date we produce it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Scouten with Piper Sandler.
Stephen Scouten : I guess I wanted to ask, David, maybe to you first. What is it that makes you think these deposit betas will be higher this time around based on what you've seen so far? Is it really just a blending in of the surge deposits? Is it any sort of change in customer behavior? I just would think with all your liquidity, they would actually be a little bit lower based on what we've seen so far.
David Turner : Well, I think one, we're coming from a zero. And we did have a lot of surge deposits, $40 billion for the surge deposits. We think that that's going to -- 1/3 of that's going to move out. We expected 5 to 10, hadn't happened yet. If we've missed it, we've been probably a little bit more conservative. We much rather give you a mid-30s than a 29 where we ended the last cycle. But I think expectations would be for everybody, it should be a bit higher. We're coming from a low and going to a higher rate environment that we saw last time as well. And so we kind of peaked last time pretty quickly and then started to come back down in I think '19 it was. So again, if we missed it, it's probably because we're a little conservative.
Stephen Scouten : Okay. That's helpful. And then just you referenced the level of liquidity cash balances here a number of times that you still have. Securities have been down in the next couple -- for the last couple of quarters. Obviously, we saw some of those service deposits out and you referenced no more borrowings. So I'm just -- all those puts and takes there, I guess, how low could you see cash balances go? And do you think you'll have to continue to take securities lower to offset more of these potential outflows without borrowing?
David Turner : Yes. We generally would run with $1 billion to $2 billion of cash. We've got to have $13 billion to really take care of the surge deposits that we're going that we expect to run out. And we've been a little bit opportunistic with not deploying our cash and securities, but we didn't need to because we had good loan growth and we had good hedging in protection. And so our NII was growing nicely. There was no reason for us to -- we could have generated more NII, but at the risk of missing an opportunity to invest that cash in a much better environment, which is what we're getting. So I think being patient here is important, and we really want to use that cash to fund our loan growth. More importantly, that's our first order of business versus trying to put it in the securities book at this point. If we see where we think rates may cap out, could we use our securities book for some incremental hedging? Yes, we can do that. But think about it as -- we still have a lot of access to borrow from FHLB. Our total liability cost right now, 23 basis points is the lowest in the peer group, and we don't see where we need to access wholesale anytime soon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor : Actually all of my questions have been answered. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Michael Rose with Raymond James.
Michael Rose : Just two quick questions. Just as it relates to Hurricane Ian, I think around 12% of your deposits are within some of the counties that got kind of hit historically, you've seen some deposit inflows from aid and things like that. Is there any sort of expectation that you have for potential deposit inflows? And is it material?
David Turner : Michael, at this point, we don't -- there's still a lot of uncertainty this thing, Ian hit right here at the quarter end. We did our best, estimate trying to figure out what the damage was going to be. But you're rightly to point out that oftentimes in these storms, there's a lot of money that comes into it, Federal dollars, state dollars and insurance money. But we haven't really contemplated any of that, and our deposit guidance does not reflect any additional deposits coming from those sources.
Michael Rose : Okay. Helpful. And then maybe -- I'm sorry if I missed this, but -- so the range for capital markets was moved a little bit down. As we think about going into next year, we're -- obviously, the backdrop is softening to some degree. Is that kind of the new range that we should kind of expect in the kind of the near to intermediate term for that business?
David Turner: I wouldn't sign off on that just yet for next year. We'll give you better range when we get to the January earnings. That was really just more for this next quarter because of what we're seeing right now in particular with M&A and real estate capital markets. So don't lock that in for 2023.
Michael Rose: Okay. I understand you're not going to give any sort of guidance and I totally get. What would be kind of the broader puts and takes in your eyes to be within the kind of the prior range or above it or below it, et cetera?
David Turner: I think, if we can get M&A back on track to where it was, if we can get real estate capital markets to open up a bit, you just get more activity. The whole capital markets are kind of down right this minute. We're going to continue to add some bolt-on acquisitions or at least looking for opportunities. We had a couple that we added this past year. And so we're going to do some things to see if we can't help augment the pressure that we're feeling from the lack of having, again, M&A and real estate capital markets. 
John Turner: So just to be clear, we're not contemplating acquisitions in the quarter
David Turner: Yes. 
John Turner: answering to this question.
John Turner: Okay. Well, that was the last question. Thank you all for your interest in our company. Appreciate you participating today. Have a good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Christine. Welcome to Regions second quarter 2022 earnings call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding the quarter. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A. With that, Ill turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. Once again, we are very pleased with our quarterly results. Earlier this morning, we reported earnings of $558 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.59. And importantly, our second quarter adjusted pretax pre-provision income represents the Companys highest level on record. We continued to successfully execute our strategic plan and delivered strong results. Sentiment among our business customers today is cautiously optimistic. Theyre rebuilding inventories and looking for opportunities to expand their businesses. Loan commitments and pipelines remain strong and utilization rates continue to increase. The consumer remains healthy. Net population migration inflows into our markets remain robust, and the majority of our footprint has returned to equal or better than pre-pandemic employment levels. In fact, unemployment rates in 6 of our top 8 deposit markets are essentially at all-time lows. To date, broad segments of consumers still maintain substantial cushion in their deposit accounts. For example, consumers with less than $1,000 on average in their checking accounts prior to the pandemic are averaging a balance today that remains approximately 6 times higher than pre-pandemic levels. Overall asset quality remained strong during the quarter, with most metrics remaining substantially better than historical levels. However, well continue to closely monitor early warning indicators for any signs of deterioration. Our capital ratios remain strong. And in fact, earlier this week, our Board approved an 18% increase to our common stock dividend to $0.20 per share. We have a strong balance sheet deliberately positioned to withstand an array of economic conditions. Investments were making across our businesses are continuing to pay off. In the Corporate Bank, we continue to invest in talent, technology and strategic acquisitions to expand our products, capabilities and expertise. Excluding acquisitions, we have added over 200 new positions in the Corporate Bank since 2019, with approximately 85% in revenue generating or supporting roles. Our most recent acquisitions, Sabal Capital Partners and Clearsight Advisors are contributing to overall capital markets revenue growth in 2022. Were also strengthening our credit product capabilities for small businesses. Ascentium Capital is exceeding our expectations as a provider of essential equipment financing. We recently restructured our SBA organization and continue to invest in key talent to build out our non-restaurant franchise lending division, positioning Regions as a trusted resource for franchisees within our footprint. Weve been investing in our Treasury Management and Payments business for several years and are experiencing strong revenue growth. Today, we offer a comprehensive and competitive suite of solutions positioned to meet the complex needs of any client. We continue to invest in these businesses, rolling out new products and enhancements across our iTreasury platform, including real-time payments and fraud mitigation, as well as APIs and new cash flow analysis tools. Within the Consumer Bank, we continue to make advancements to become the premier lender to homeowners. In recent years, weve expanded our mortgage loan origination team, upgraded our mortgage contact relationship management platform and continued to simplify the overall sales process. We also continue to invest in our mortgage servicing portfolio. Year-to-date, weve completed bulk purchases for the rights to service of approximately $13 billion in mortgage loans. EnerBank, a leader in the prime and super-prime home improvement point-of-sale space, helps us meet customer needs while generating quality asset growth. Within Wealth Management, we continue to invest in talent and technology to optimize the client and associate experience. Since 2019, weve added 44 new revenue-generating positions in our Wealth group, primarily in private wealth management and investment services. Last month, we launched our digital investing product, which combines the ease of a self-directed digital tool with the option of support from a financial advisor. These investments contributed to a strong performance in the first half of 2022. So wrapping up, we have a solid strategic plan, an outstanding team and a proven track record of successful execution. While sentiment across both, business and consumers remains generally positive, we will continue to monitor our portfolios for indicators of stress. We have a robust credit risk management framework and a disciplined dynamic approach to managing concentration risk, which has positioned us well to weather any economic environment and continue to deliver consistent sustainable long-term performance. Now David will provide some highlights regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Lets start with the balance sheet. Average loans grew 3%, while ending loans grew 5% during the quarter. Average business loans increased 5%, reflecting broad-based growth across all businesses and industries. A majority of the growth this quarter was driven by existing clients accessing and expanding their credit lines to rebuild inventories and to expand their businesses. While still below pre-pandemic levels, commercial line utilization ended the quarter at approximately 44.4%, increasing 50 basis points over the prior quarter. Loan production also remained strong with linked quarter commitments up approximately $5.5 billion. Importantly, being into this commercial loan growth, were maintaining a very high asset quality portfolio. In fact, balances considered investment-grade equivalent are up 30% compared to a year ago and approximately 44% of our total commitments are also considered investment-grade equivalent, representing its highest level on record. Similarly, our overall probability of default in this portfolio has improved approximately 35 basis points since mid-2019. Average consumer loans remained relatively stable, while ending loans increased 3%. Growth in average mortgage and other consumer was offset by declines in other categories. Within other consumer, EnerBank loans grew approximately 7% compared to the first quarter. As a reminder, EnerBank has a track record of well-controlled loss rates throughout multiple cycles, and primarily originates prime and super prime loans to homeowners who tend to be lower risk borrowers. Looking forward, we currently expect to hold total loans relatively stable over the remainder of the year, which would result in full year 2022 average loan growth of approximately 8% compared to 2021. This assumes a slowing rate of growth compared to the second quarter, but also assumes increased capital markets activity in the back half of the year. So, lets turn to deposits. Deposit balances acquired throughout the pandemic remained mostly stable early in the Feds tightening cycle. Importantly, seasonal patterns related primarily to the income tax payments returned to those experienced prior to the pandemic. While average deposit balances grew, ending balances declined. Ending consumer deposits were mostly stable, while Corporate and Wealth Management balances decreased approximately $1 billion each. In addition to seasonal patterns and in line with our expectations, the declines also include certain commercial and wealth clients beginning to reduce some of their excess balances. We continue to expect a range of $5 billion to $10 billion of overall balance reduction for the full year of 2022, resulting from tightening monetary policy. The combination of our legacy deposit base, along with the more stable components of surge deposits, represents a significant opportunity for us as rates continue to increase. Lets shift to net interest income and margin. Net interest income grew $93 million or 9% linked quarter, evidencing strong balance sheet growth and asset sensitivity in a rising interest rate environment. Cash averaged $22 billion during the quarter, and when combined with PPP, reduced second quarters reported margin by 38 basis points. Our adjusted margin was 3.44%. The reduction in cash this quarter resulted mostly from strong asset growth, both loans and securities, as well as seasonal deposit outflows. Average loan balances grew $2.9 billion or 3% in the second quarter. Additionally, $1.2 billion of securities were added. The recent increase in rates have certainly validated our decision to wait on a better rate environment to deploy cash into securities. While not included in our current outlook, additional security purchases would provide incremental benefit. The primary driver of net interest income growth this quarter was higher interest rates and our decision to remain exposed to rates in the near term. Importantly, deposit balance and yield outperformance, including a 5% cycle-to-date deposit beta, allowed net interest income to grow by more than our previous guidance. Total net interest income is projected to increase 8% to 10% in the third quarter, as expectations for rate hikes have been pulled forward, so has our outlook for NII. Fourth quarter net interest income is now expected to be approximately 23% to 25% higher than our first quarter. Regions balance sheet remains well positioned to benefit from continuing increases in interest rates. Incremental 25 basis-point increases in the Fed funds rate are projected to add between $40 million and $60 million over a full 12-month period as deposit betas are projected to increase into the 25% to 35% range. This NII benefit is supported by a large portion of stable deposit funding and a significant amount of earning assets held in cash, which compares favorably to the industry overall. Over a longer horizon, a more normal interest rate environment or roughly a 2.5% to 3% Fed funds rate will support a net interest margin range of approximately 3.75% to 3.8%. This target incorporates the execution of recent hedging activity at higher rate levels than originally contemplated. While we have purposefully retained leverage to the higher interest rates during a period of low rates, we have begun to manage to a more normal interest rate risk profile as the interest rate environment normalizes. This includes the addition of $8.3 billion of forward starting received fixed swaps and a $1.2 billion of spot starting securities during the quarter. Through the first half of 2022, we have added $15 billion of swaps and securities. The swaps become effective in the latter half of 2023 and 2024, and have a term of generally three years. This represents approximately 75% of the total hedging amount expected this cycle. With a sizable amount of hedging complete, we will balance market rate levels and potential risk as we decide the appropriate time to finish the program. Now, lets take a look at fee revenue and expense. Adjusted noninterest income increased 10% from the prior quarter, primarily due to improvement in capital markets and card and ATM fees. Within capital markets, growth was driven by higher fees and M&A advisory and real estate loan syndications, as well as a $20 million benefit from CVA and DVA. We continue to expect capital markets to generate quarterly revenue of $90 million to $110 million, excluding the impact of CVA and DVA. While we expect to be on the lower end of the range next quarter, we do anticipate activity will pick up in the coming quarters. Card and ATM fees reflect seasonally higher interchange on both debit and credit cards. Spend was up 3% year-over-year as inflation has impacted several categories, including a 30% increase in fuel, while discretionary categories such as retail goods, department stores and apparel are actually down. Mortgage and wealth management income remained relatively stable during the quarter despite unfavorable conditions. Seasonally higher mortgage production overcame first quarter gains associated with the sale of previously repurchased Ginnie Mae loans. While we anticipated a decline in mortgage income relative to 2021, mortgage, as well as wealth management, will remain key contributors to our overall fee revenue. Service charges declined during the quarter as seasonal increases were offset by NSF and overdraft policy changes. The second phase of previously announced NSF and overdraft policy changes were effective at the end of the second quarter and the remaining changes will be implemented in the third quarter. These changes, when combined with previously implemented changes, are expected to result in full year 2022 service charges of approximately $600 million. We also expect to implement a grace period feature sometime in 2023 and now expect full year 2023 service charges of approximately $550 million. We expect 2022 adjusted total revenue to be up 7.5% to 8.5% compared to the prior year, driven primarily by growth in net interest income. This growth includes the impact of lower PPP-related revenue and the anticipated impact of NSF and overdraft changes. Lets move on to noninterest expense. Adjusted noninterest expenses increased 2% compared to the prior quarter. Salaries and benefits increased 5%, primarily due to annual merit increases, which became effective on April 1st, higher variable-based and incentive compensation associated with increased financial performance and better credit experience, as well as one additional workday in the quarter. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in payroll taxes and lower HR asset valuations. We will continue to prudently manage expenses while investing in technology, products and people to grow our business. As a result, our core expense base will grow. We expect 2022 adjusted noninterest expenses to be up 4.5% to 5.5% compared to 2021. Importantly, this includes the full year impact of recent acquisitions, as well as anticipated inflationary impacts. With the changes in revenue and expense guidance, we expect to generate positive adjusted operating leverage of approximately 3% in 2022. Overall, credit performance remained strong. Annualized net charge-offs decreased 4 basis points to 17 basis points. Nonperforming loans increased modestly during the quarter, but remained below pre-pandemic levels at 39 basis points of total loans, while business services criticized loans and total delinquencies continue to improve. Provision expense was $60 million this quarter and included a modest build to our allowance for credit losses, attributable primarily to strong loan growth and, to a limited degree, general macroeconomic uncertainty, as well as some early signs of normalization within select commercial sectors. Our allowance for credit loss ratio is 1.62% of total loans, while the allowance as a percentage of nonperforming loans remains very strong at 410%. Our annualized year-to-date net charge-off ratio was 19 basis points, given increasing expectations for a slowing economy, combined with inevitable normalization, we are maintaining our full year net charge-off expectations in the 20 to 30 basis-point range, but currently expect to be towards the lower end. Based on the recent stress test results, our preliminary stress capital buffer requirement for the fourth quarter of 2022 through the third quarter of 2023 is expected to remain at 2.5%, once our supervisory results are confirmed in August of 2022. We ended the quarter with our common equity Tier 1 ratio at an estimated 9.2%, reflecting continued strong loan growth, particularly during the last week of the quarter. And while loan growth remains our top priority for capital deployment, we expect to manage to the midpoint of our 9.25% to 9.75% operating range over time. Also, as John mentioned, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.20 per share, an 18% increase over the prior quarter, which reflects strong earnings growth. So wrapping up on the next slide are our updated 2022 expectations, which weve already addressed. In closing, we have delivered strong year-to-date performance despite volatile economic conditions. We will continue to be a source of stability to our customers, but also remain vigilant with respect to any indicators of potential market contraction. Pretax pre-provision income remains strong. Expenses are well controlled, credit risk is relatively benign and capital and liquidity are solid. With that, were happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush.
Peter Winter: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to start off on the net interest income. Just based on the guidance, it looks like its going to end the year about $1.26 billion. So, the question is, if the Fed were to stop raising rates at year-end, it seems like you have a lot of strong momentum for growth into next year. Could you just talk about some of the big picture trends that you see for next year?
David Turner: Yes, sure. Peter, this is David. So, we do have an expectation that the Fed continues to raise rates probably finishing the year in a 3.25 to 3.50 range. And they could go past that. They could stay there for a while. We do believe there is risk that the economy slows to a point where they have to become more accommodative in the latter part of 2023 and 2024, hence, why you started to see us play some forward starting swaps in those positions to protect us to the extent that that happens. Clearly, rates could not come down, and they may stay flat or go even higher. But at that point, were generating the kind of NIM that we talked about thats on our slide. I dont have the page number, but a very strong net interest margin and, more importantly, a very good return on tangible common equity profile. So, the benefit is through our deposit base. We think were going to continue to have a lower beta through the cycle than our peers. It may be higher than last time for everybody. But nonetheless, we think thats our competitive advantage, even if the Fed stops at year-end without any further increases.
Peter Winter: Got it. And then, just as a follow-up. Just could you give a little bit more color on the loan growth guidance in the second half of the year with it slowing? Im just surprised given the momentum on a period-end basis.
David Turner: Sure. So one, we have to acknowledge we had pretty strong loan growth. I think the industry had pretty good loan growth in the first quarter. Obviously, things are slowing down a bit. We think were going to have a lot of opportunity to grow. But this is when you need to be very cautious, very careful and make sure your client selectivity is robust and ensure that you get paid for the risk that youre taking. And so, we may be a little conservative in terms of our loan balances from here on out. What we wanted to make sure is we dont want to send the message that were going to grow at the pace we just did in the first quarter. We dont think that would be appropriate for us. We still see good demand in a lot of sectors, financial services, utilities, wholesale durables, just to name, and elements of transportation are strong. And we think even in investor real estate, there are some places that weve been able to grow in the multifamily sector, in particular, as well as in industrial area. So, I think its a bit of a cautious tone is all were sending. And we will grow as the market gives us permission with the right metrics.
John Turner: Peter, this is John. The other thing I would add is that all the volatility has obviously created a disruption in the capital markets. And so, weve seen particularly our larger customers rely on the pro rata bank market for funding. At some point, we expect a little more clarity about the path of the economy. And so, we believe that what is pent-up demand amongst issuers will -- they will begin to access the capital markets again, which will result in some pay-downs in some of the larger credit exposure that we have enjoyed over the last two or three quarters. So, that is part of our projection as well. Again, as David said, it may be a conservative point of view, but we believe it will happen at some point in the next few quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess, David, just following up on your comment around the margin. I think you mentioned, if I heard you correctly, a 3.75 to 3.80 normalized margin for Regions. One, if you could tell us like what the Fed fund needs to get to in order for you to get to that level for the net interest margin. And once we get there based on the hedging strategy that you have, what youve laid out, do you think that becomes something thats relatively stable, absent a big change in the rate backdrop and obviously the protection that you have on the downside?
David Turner: Sure. So, if you look at our slide deck on page 8, we try to lay that out that gives you at least some parameters on where we think the margin could be in different scenarios. So, if the Fed is going to get close to 3% at the end of the day and stay there for a while, we think we can have a margin profile thats in that 3.80 range. And if the Fed doesnt move any further, it doesnt reverse course and come back the other way, thats probably where well be. If the Fed starts to come the other way, our margin will decline some, but we think we can protect. Today, we can protect about 3.60. As rates continue to move up and we finish our hedging program, were about three quarters of the way through, we have another 25% to do. If we are patient enough, if we kind of understand where the economy is going, perhaps we can lock in a downside protection a bit higher than the 360. And thats really what our goal is, and we think 3.60 is a great level today. But can we get another few basis points on top of that if were patient? We think so.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Great. Thats helpful. And I think just tied to that, you mentioned deposit betas versus the core customer base could be higher relative to the last cycle. Wondering if anything that youve seen so far in the last two to four weeks that would imply that customers conversations around higher rates have picked up and you could actually see a higher beta this cycle versus last.
David Turner: Well, so the answer to that is no. Weve been a bit surprised, frankly, on both betas as well as balances for the industry. So, our cumulative beta thus far is 5%. Were one of the lowest peer group, I think, as the median is about double that. So, we keep calling for deposit balances to decline some $5 billion to $10 billion. I think the largest contributor to that would be corporate deposits that are going, we believe, in time, seek a higher return. We are starting to see that pick up a bit. Again, were surprised that it hadnt moved quicker. But if Fed moved 75 basis points in the next move in September -- Im sorry, at the end of July, this month, and an expectation of another 50 in September, then we think those balances will start to move off balance sheet. And frankly, were going to help facilitate that for our customers because we can earn a little bit of a fee on that and give them a better return today. Thats happened some already. So if you look at corporate customers, they actually have either deposit balances with us or off balance sheet that weve helped facilitate. And if you add those two together, actually a little higher than they were at year-end. So, weve been pleased with our deposit base and our betas thus far.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Youve all proven yourselves to be astute managers of risk. Id love to hear how youre thinking about the risk that the strength we continue to see in labor markets, and you mentioned the balances in consumer accounts and strong liquidity and spending in general. And to the extent to which all of that is in and of itself inflationary and could lead the Fed to have to do more, so everything seems great now, but we all know the hiking cycle works on a significant lag and we could see unemployment continue to rise well after the last Fed hike and weve started to see initial claims keep up a little bit. So maybe if you could just reinforce how that dynamic, even though youre not seeing it at the micro level yet, perhaps how that -- if that all impacts the actions that youre taking today across the business.
David Turner: Yes. Bill, its a great question, and its one we challenge ourselves with constantly, as a team. In our discussions with others in the industry, including our regulatory supervisors than the Fed, in particular, about where they really want to go, I think we all believe theres an expectation of getting to neutral as fast as they can is what they would like to do. But I think every time theres a move, theres a need to pause and see what impact thats going to have on the economy. We do have inflation that can get addressed by slowing the economy down, which is taking effect now. But as much as they want to get to neutral, I dont think the Fed wants to direct the economy either. So what were trying to do is read all the tea leaves, look at all the data that we can, study our customers, whether it be consumers or corporate customers to try and get an understanding of what theyre thinking, how their business is, how theyre managing their personal money, to gather an understanding of the slowdown in the economy and what the Fed may or may not do. We believe that the Fed is going to get to 325 to 350 by the end of the year. I dont know if theyll move exactly like the market thinks, but we think thats going to be a place where theyd likely stop and let things play out over time. But, we have to be prepared for them to keep going. And if thats the case because inflation is not under control, there could be some ramifications to that long term, which is while were cautious on extending credit, while we want to manage our bank as efficiently as we can, because you have to have scenarios for anything that could possibly happen as we seek to continue to have appropriate returns on capital to our shareholders.
Bill Carcache: Thats great color, very helpful response. Thank you. If I may follow up on EnerBank, can you remind us how growth math dynamics impact EnerBank? Whats the interplay between the need to build reserves on the strong loan growth that youre seeing versus the timing of the revenue benefits? And then more broadly, if you could also speak to the trajectory of the reserve rate from here.
David Turner: Okay. Ill start on EnerBank. So, EnerBank, we said represented 1% of an industry that was about $175 billion. So call that $1.7 billion of annual production for them. That generates growth in the double digits. Weve seen that play out. We dont think about the provisioning getting ahead of earnings because if we did that, we would not make any loans ever. Thats why its a terrible standard, but I wont go into that. It is what it is. So, what we want to do is be there for our clients to extend credit, regardless of the fact that we have to set up a reserve in advance. So, it doesnt come into play. Weve had nice growth with EnerBank. Were very excited about that, getting paid for the risk were taking, and its worked exactly like we thought it would be.
John Turner: You asked about the growth math component of our return is fee versus interest income, how does that -- what was his question?
David Turner: Well, primarily -- youve got carry, youve got -- net interest income is the biggest driver of our profitability there. And it comes in two fronts. It comes from the customer paying a certain rate and theres a discount from the vendor thats providing the service to the customer, an HVAC contractor for instance. We take those two pieces, and thats our yield adjustment. That should average in the 9% range over time. And thats the primary profitability that youll see from EnerBank.
Bill Carcache: Thats very helpful. And the broader trajectory of the reserve rate from here that we should be thinking about?
David Turner: Yes. So, we set the reserves under CECL based on the economic forecast at each quarter end. We have to look out through the life of the loan to do that. We have a reserve of 1.62%. We think its very robust. And based on the risk that we see in the portfolio, we feel very good about that. The biggest driver of the increase in our reserve this quarter by far was loan growth. And so, we arent seeing broad-based deterioration in credit at all. As a matter of fact, we think its actually pretty good. We did have an increase in NPLs, primarily attributable to one particular customer. But overall, we feel really good about credit. We do think theres going to be some normalization. I mean, were at 17 basis points of charge-offs this quarter. Thats lower than normal. And we think over time, it will get back to normal. I dont know that it will get there in 2022. Were forecasting charge-offs in the range of 20 to 30 basis points, and actually towards the lower end of that. 2023, you could see losses pick up as the economy slows as certain industries start to struggle a bit more than others. And I think youll see it manifest itself first in really small businesses that will have bigger challenges than a larger business and certain consumer groups might struggle more than others.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy: David, can you elaborate a little further on your comments about the capital market fees that you expect to be at the lower end of the range? I think you said in your prepared comments in the upcoming quarter. What type of capital markets environment are you contemplating for that kind of guidance? Is it currently what we just had this quarter, or is it an improvement? And then, within the capital markets, obviously, you guys are ECM players. Where are you seeing or do you think youre going to see the strength in the upcoming quarters?
David Turner: Yes. I think that -- so we were -- if you cut out the CVA, DVA, were kind of at the lower end of the range. We think that thats kind of where well be here at least in the short term. Capital markets activity is not as robust. I think youve seen that play out across the board, in particular, in the money center banks that have more ECM. Obviously, we dont have that. M&A, advisory and loan syndications are the places where we think can continue to be robust for us. And I wish we were going to be at the upper end of that range. Weve had to revise that down from the beginning of the year a couple of times. So, we think thats a pretty good -- really good place to be. Real estate capital markets and leveraging our Sabal Capital Partners that we bought at the end of last year, I think, is helping us. But I think we would be remiss to if we didnt say thats going to be a little more challenging than we would have hoped just because the capital markets arent quite where we all would like them to be at this point.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then, as a follow-up question to your comments about the lending, the strength of your lending and how you recognize, and you guys are very well experienced in handling problems that from the downturn in 08, 09. So, nobody expects you to make any errors like that. But can you share with us -- I think you used the word robust in client selection. What are you doing if we are at an end of the cycle in the economy? And thats debatable, of course. But when you see the growth, not just for you but for the industry, everybody is showing good loan growth toward the end of maybe economic expansion, how can you reassure us that you guys got metrics in place that you just wont really have the problems that the other banks may run into?
John Turner: Yes. Gerard, this is John. We learned a lot from the 09/10 sort of time frame, and particularly the importance of balance and diversity. These are good times, but you can make your worst loans in the best of times. And so, were being very thoughtful about what were putting on the books. 83% of our new production was to existing customers. Weve been working very closely with those customers, particularly over the last 2.5 years as we work through the pandemic. I think we have a really good sense of whats going on in their businesses. We have been focused, as you know, for a number of years on recycling capital on risk-adjusted returns. Weve been exiting certain portfolios and relationships that didnt generate an appropriate return on capital for us. I think thats great. Discipline that exists within the company; we have strong metrics and key performance indicators built around all of our businesses; and again, really a dedication to a strong concentration methodology to ensure that we have good balance and diversity. We assume a variety of different scenarios when stress testing credits and stress testing portfolios. And as a result, we feel good about -- really good about the credit risk management culture that we have developed over time and think that our portfolios will perform well no matter what the economic conditions or how the economic conditions evolve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: David, you talked about the $5 billion to $10 billion of potential deposit outflows starting to pick up. And if we were to assume they exit over the next quarter or so, can you maybe just talk about your expectations for deposit growth? And given Johns comments regarding what you guys think about loan growth in the second half, how do you think about the trade-off between growing deposits versus optimizing the mix and the cost of deposits?
David Turner: So, the first part of that, we do expect, as I mentioned earlier, those excess deposits from our corporate clients to seek a better higher-yielding home. We also have about $1.8 billion in brokered deposits that we picked up from the EnerBank transaction. So, I think that were always looking for quality relationships, deposit relationships, treasury management relationships. We were able to grow that 14% this quarter in treasury management. So, were excited about that. And I think that from a consumer standpoint, were in a good part of the country where we ought to see better migration of people into our footprint and take it -- and we should be able to take advantage of that. So, we should be able to continue to grow core checking accounts. We do have, obviously, inflationary pressures on consumers. I think we put in our slide deck that weve even looked at --segmented our deposit base. On the consumer side, those that had $1,000 or less in their checking account pre-pandemic have 6 times more cash in their account today than pre-pandemic. Now, thats going to start declining if inflation continues at a faster clip. But continuing to grow customers ought to help us maintain pretty solid deposits. Our loan-to-deposit ratio is among the lowest in the peer group at 67% change, maybe close to 68%. And so, were optimizing our deposit book. Were growing deposits. Its foundational to how we make money. And so, we arent even remotely close to having to worry about wholesale funding. There are some of our peers that had to dip into that because of the loan to deposit ratio. But this is where Regions shines. This is our competitive advantage is our deposit base. And were looking to continue to grow that and grow customers and take care of our customers along the way.
Ryan Nash: Got it. And then second, David, youre targeting 300 basis points of positive operating leverage, and I know its early to think about 2023, but maybe just to follow up on Peters question from earlier. If you think about just reaching the NII run rate and assuming no further growth, that would give you about 8% revenue growth into next year. So, how do you think about investing, and this obviously is a tricky environment with the potential for an economic slowdown, but do you expect that we could potentially see accelerating positive operating leverage in that type of environment?
David Turner: Well, I think you answered that question upfront. Its a little early to get into 2023. But, let me help you here. We have a continuous improvement program where we are constantly focusing on how to get better at what we do. We had a pretty strong efficiency ratio this quarter of, call it, 54% on an adjusted basis. Wed like that to be lower. Were substantially below the median, which is 400 basis points higher than we are. And I think that at the end of the day, if we could get closer to 50%, that would be great. And were going to figure out how to try and do that. We cannot count on revenue growth just being the only driver of how we continue to be efficient. So, if we stay focused on that, Ryan, I think we can generate pretty solid positive operating leverage. Now, theres a caveat. We have to continue to take our winnings, if you will, and reinvest those in our company to grow. That means we have to reinvest in talent, we have to reinvest in technology, we will reinvest in our transformation were going to go through on the deposit side, primarily, in other areas, and we do that while continuing to control our cost increases, which I told you earlier in the year, the vast majority of our increase earlier in the year was really related to acquisitions. So, weve been good expense managers, and I think youll see that continue into 2023.
Ryan Nash: Got it. Ill make sure we hold you to that 50%. Thanks, David.
David Turner: Okay. Target. Target.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. And Dana, great job on slide 8, by the way. David, I wanted to go back to slide 8. Can you [Technical Difficulty] what your plans are for security book, your cash balances from here? Obviously, if IOER continues to be full to Fed funds, your cash is going to be working a lot harder by the end of the year.
David Turner: Yes. So Im glad you pointed that out. So thats a 100% beta on that opportunity there. Were at 1.65% on reserves. Weve been patient with our cash. We didnt need to put it in the securities book to help NII. We had the benefit of our hedging program doing that for us. So, we have been patient. Were glad we have. We put a little bit to work in the securities book because the spreads got to a point where it was -- we were paid for the duration that we were going to take, and that securities investment is really part of our hedging program as well. We were able to use our cash this quarter to fund all of our loan growth. I think, were down to, call it, $18 billion of cash at the end of the quarter. And normally, that number is going to be $500 million to $2 billion worth of cash at the Fed. So, weve got some of that that we need to hold on to for that deposit outflow that I just talked about, whether its the corporate deposits or whether its the EnerBank brokered deposits that will lead over time. And then, we dont have some for loan growth. So we dont see the need to tap into our alternative sources of funding, FHLB and the like, or certainly no bank debt issuances are necessary either at this time. So, weve been cautious. Its paid off for us. I think we -- the securities we invested this quarter are yielding 330ish range. And as you can see that in the change in tangible common equity in terms of our decline was much lower than our peers.
Erika Najarian: So, I just wanted to make sure were taking away the right message here. From second quarter NIM, 3.06% can hit a net interest margin of 3.70% to 3.80%, right, from higher beta to base case at a Fed funds rate of 3%. And if the Fed starts cutting rates, your swap program has protected you to 3.60%.
David Turner: Thats correct.
Erika Najarian: Okay. And my other question for you, David, is if we were to prepare for a [Technical Difficulty], how should we think about how more ACL build there may need to be from that 1.62%?
David Turner: So you cut out on the first part of that, but I think your question was how do we see the reserve build from here from 1.62 in a mild recession?
Erika Najarian: Yes, in a mild recession.
David Turner: Yes. So, were having to forecast out through life of loan today, which has elements of a slowdown already built into it. So, it really is dependent on how severe it is relative to our expectations already. And we kind of went through that, I guess, in the pandemic. You saw our adjustment quickly. Right now, we dont see that changing a lot because we think were covered. And the real change to the allowance are just two things, whatever charge-offs have, reducing it and then the provision primarily for loan growth, which is what you saw this quarter. Our credit quality metrics are stable net-net, all in, and we feel good about where we are. But, if the economy starts to slip, then were going to have to have higher provisioning going forward. And every quarter stands on its own. So, well have to reassess at the end of September.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Just two quick closeouts here. Just one question, David, on the C&I loan yields, just not up as much, of course, as the NIM, and Im sure some of that is the hedging. Just wondering if you can kind of just help us understand how much of that is the hedging impact, how much of that might just be mix and pricing, et cetera? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. I would say most of that is related to hedging. Our old hedges that we had protecting us, those start to roll off. We have some still protecting us that are still in place. So were not expanding it quite the pace that maybe others that didnt hedge are, but we still have pretty good loan yields net-net. And if you look at adjusted net interest income thats after charge-offs, were one of the leaders in the peer group. So, thats a good indicator of telling us were being paid for the credit risk that were taking.
Ken Usdin: Yes. Got it. Okay. And then, on capital, 9.2% CET1, youre mentioning you want to get back to the middle of the 9.25% to 9.75% net-net. And presuming thats to give room for loan growth, just wondering, obviously, that probably applies that no buybacks for now, can you just talk us through capital return expectations versus RWA? And then also just theres just a little bit more conservatism about the environment.
David Turner: Yes. So, the reason we want to be in that range is to give us flexibility to make investments when we see opportunities. In this particular quarter, it was loan growth. So, we had really robust loan growth, and you could see our capital, our common equity Tier 1 declined. The primary use of that was, in fact, RWA growth through the loans. Were generating, call it, 50 basis points of common equity Tier 1 each quarter or at least we did this past quarter. Well use a third of that to pay a dividend and then the rest of it is for investment. First off, its for loan growth. Weve already sent the message that we dont expect loan growth at the pace we just saw in the first quarter. We think that will level off a bit. And therefore, we can accrete back from the 9.2% where we are, closer to the 9.5%. Probably cant get there at the end of the third quarter, take us into the fourth quarter. But, we use share repurchase as the last item to control our capital level. We think that 9.25%, 9.75% still is a great range for us based on the risk we see in our book taking into account all the macro factors that exist today. So youll see us accrete back up towards that 9.50% before we get into share repurchases.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Two questions. One on securities book. I know we just had a bit of a chat on that. But, I wanted to understand what the kind of repricing speed is, duration, like how quickly should we be thinking about the back book migrating to the front book of 3.3 that you just talked about?
David Turner: Well, if you look at all-in growth, so the 3.3 I just mentioned was an element of what we invested primarily as part of our hedging program. We did have other security purchases. So, all-in yield going on was about 3.13. Thats replacing 2.23. So, were picking up about 90 points on that. As we think about duration, were looking at call it, right at five years today. And we dont think that extends a whole lot on us based on what were buying. So, I think that got what you wanted, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Yes. So, like 20% roll rate annually?
David Turner: Thats right.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then, on page 22 of the deck, you have your base R&S economic outlook. So, is this giving us the base case? And then youve got a probability assigned to the base case, youve got a probability to sign to the bull and the bear, and thats whats feeding into the CECL reserve analysis, or would you say this page 22 discloses your probability-weighted scenario?
David Turner: Yes. So, we do ours a little different. We use a scenario, and as our CECL provisioning, we do run stress testing, obviously, using very different scenarios. But we dont probability weigh different things. So, what youre seeing here on 22 is the driver of our CECL provisioning.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja with JP Morgan.
Vivek Juneja: Just a clarification. Do you -- David, do you expect your liquid assets to actually go down to $750 million? Because youre obviously much higher today. But is that realistic?
David Turner: No, I was saying, hypothetically, in normal times, we could take those down, that cash down to a level much lower than the $18 billion that were having -- that we have today. And that would be over time. So, we wouldnt seek to get there anytime soon. We want to maintain a lot of liquidity to take care of deposit flows because, remember, we had some $40 billion worth of growth in what were calling surge deposits. And weve made our best estimate as to how we think those things will behave over time, and we have about $13 billion, $14 billion of it that we think has either very high beta or its going to seek a better alternative, which means we need to have the cash to pay for that if it starts to happen. But yes, in normal times, we could be down in that. I said somewhere between $500 million to $2 billion. And of course, then wed have the FHLB as our toggle to take care of other liquidity needs.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. And one more, which commercial sectors are you seeing early signs of normalization?
John Turner: From a credit risk standpoint, Vivek?
Vivek Juneja: Yes.
John Turner: I think, David talked about small business. We have some concern around the transportation, particularly on the lower end of the sector where you have transportation companies who are involved in less than truckload hauling and the impact of diesel fuel, inflationary cost, labor. We have been following office for some time and senior housing as well are portfolios that were keeping an eye on. I wouldnt say in those two instances that were seeing any normalization, but we do have a watchful eye on them.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, great. Thank you, David. Thanks, John.
David Turner: Thank you.
John Turner: Thank you. Well, I appreciate everybodys participation in todays call. Thanks for your interest in Regions. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Dana and the Investor Relations team. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's quarterly earnings call. My name is Jamaria, and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Jamaria. Welcome to Regions first quarter 2022 earnings call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding the quarter. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer and non-GAAP information, are available in the Investor Relations section on our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A.  I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. We are very pleased with our first quarter results. Earlier this morning, we reported earnings of $524 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.55. Despite the challenging geopolitical backdrop and elevated inflation, we remain optimistic about 2022. We have a strong balance sheet, positioned to withstand an array of economic conditions. Business customers, for the most part, have adapted and are prospering in the new operating environment. New loan commitments and pipelines remain strong and utilization rates continue to increase. The consumer remains healthy. Net population migration inflows in our markets remain robust, and the majority of our footprint has returned to equal or better than pre-pandemic employment levels. Asset quality remains strong with virtually all credit-related metrics improving in the quarter, and net charge-offs remain below historical levels. The integration of Sabal, EnerBank and Clearsight are progressing as planned, and we're excited about their growing contributions. Additionally, we continue to make investments in talent and technology to support strategic growth initiatives. We kicked off 2022 with a strong start and expect to continue building on that momentum. We have a solid strategic plan, an outstanding team and a proven track record of successful execution. Now, Dave will provide you with some select highlights regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet. Average loans grew 1.5%, while ending loans grew 2% during the quarter. Average business loans increased 3%, reflecting broad-based growth in corporate, middle market and real estate lending across our diversified and specialized portfolios. While still below pre-pandemic levels, commercial loan line utilization levels ended the quarter at approximately 43.9%, increasing 160 basis points over the prior quarter. Loan production also remained strong with linked quarter commitments up approximately $1.6 billion. Average consumer loans declined 1% as increases in mortgage and other consumer were offset by declines in other categories. Within other consumer, EnerBank interbank loans grew approximately 2% compared to the fourth quarter. Looking forward, we expect full year 2022 average loan balances to grow 4% to 5% compared to 2021. And excluding PPP loans and consumer exit portfolios, we expect full year average loan balances to grow 9% to 10%. So let's turn to deposits. Although the pace of deposit growth has slowed, balances continued to increase seasonally this quarter to new record levels. Average consumer and wealth management deposits increased compared to the fourth quarter, while corporate deposits remained relatively stable. We are continuing to analyze our deposit base and pandemic-related deposit increases. Approximately 35% of the increase or $15 billion is expected to be more stable with behavior similar to our core consumer deposit book. This segment is historically quite granular and generally rate insensitive and therefore, can be relied upon to support longer-term asset growth through the rate cycle. The remaining 65% of the deposit increases is a mixture of commercial and other customer types that are expected to be more rate sensitive or that we are less certain about their long-term behavior. We assume this segment may have all-in beta of roughly 70%. This elevated beta assumption includes relationship repricing and some balances shifting from noninterest to interest-bearing categories. It also reflects a range of $5 billion to $10 billion of balance reduction attributable to tightening monetary policy. The combination of these segments and our legacy deposit base represents significant upside for us as rates increase.  So let's shift to net interest income and margin. Net interest income was stable quarter-over-quarter. Excluding reduced contributions from PPP, net interest income grew 2% benefiting from solid loan growth and rising interest rates. Net interest income from PPP loans decreased $27 million from the prior quarter and will be less of a contributor going forward. Approximately 93% of estimated PPP fees have been recognized. Cash averaged $27 billion during the quarter; and when combined with PPP, reduced first quarter's reported margin by 58 basis points. Our adjusted margin was 3.43%, higher by 9 basis points versus the fourth quarter. The path for net interest income enters the second quarter with strong momentum from both balance sheet growth and higher interest rates. Excluding PPP, average loan balances grew 2% in the first quarter and a similar amount of growth is expected next quarter. Roughly $1.5 billion of securities were also added late in the quarter, further benefiting future periods. The recent run-up in rates has certainly validated our decision to wait to deploy into securities. And while not included in our current outlook, additional securities would provide incremental benefit. Higher short- and long-term interest rates provided additional lift to net interest income in the first quarter. And these benefits are expected to expand in the coming quarters. Total net interest income is projected to increase 5% to 7% in the second quarter and is expected to accelerate throughout the year such that the fourth quarter net interest income is expected to be approximately 15% higher than our first quarter. Regions' balance sheet is positioned to benefit meaningfully from higher interest rates. Over the first 100 basis points of rate tightening, each 25 basis point increase in the Federal funds rate is projected to add between $60 million and $80 million over a full 12-month period. This benefit is supported by a large proportion of stable deposit funding and a significant amount of earning assets held in cash, which compares favorably to the industry overall.  Over a longer horizon, a more normal interest rate environment or roughly a 2.5% Fed funds rate will support our net interest margin goal of approximately 3.75%. While we have purposefully retained leverage to higher interest rates during a period of low rates, we will attempt to manage a more normal interest rate risk profile as interest rate environment normalizes. The Fed's aggressive path for interest rates gives us the opportunity to protect NII at attractive levels. We have begun this process by adding $4.7 billion year-to-date of forward starting receive fixed swaps and $1.5 billion of spot-starting securities. This represents approximately 30% of the total hedging amount needed this cycle. Now let's take a look at fee revenue and expense. Adjusted noninterest income decreased 5% from the prior quarter, primarily due to reduced HR asset valuations as well as lower capital markets and card and ATM fees. Within capital markets, M&A advisory activity was muted by seasonality as well as the timing of transactions. Pipelines remain robust, but some deals have been pushed to later in the year. Additionally, debt and the real estate capital markets were impacted by uncertainty surrounding rates, geopolitical tensions and volatility in credit spreads. However, we are seeing some stabilization in the loan and fixed income markets and anticipate conditions will improve in coming quarters. Further, the reduction in real estate capital markets activity was offset by the addition of Sabal Capital Partners for the full quarter. Similar to the corporate fixed income market, refinance demand has been softer than expected in our agency, multifamily finance business as investors assess a significant move in interest rates. We continue to expect capital markets to generate quarterly revenue of $90 million to $110 million, excluding the impact of CVA and DVA. While we expect to be near the lower end of the range next quarter, we expect activity to pick up in the second half of the year. Card and ATM fees reflect seasonally lower interchange on both debit and credit cards, in addition, debit card fees were further impacted by fewer days in the quarter. Mortgage income remained relatively stable and included approximately $12 million in gains associated with previously repurchased Ginnie Mae loans sold during the quarter. While mortgage is anticipated to decline relative to 2021, it is still expected to remain a key contributor to fee revenue. Wealth management income also remained stable this quarter despite elevated market volatility. Service charges were also stable during the quarter despite seasonal declines in NSF and overdraft related fees. The first phase of previously announced NSF and overdraft policy changes were effective at the end of the first quarter, and the remaining changes will be implemented over the second and third quarters. These changes, when combined with the previously implemented changes are expected to result in full year 2022 service charges of approximately $600 million and full year 2023 service charges of approximately $575 million. We expect 2022 adjusted total revenue to be up 4.5% to 5.5% compared to the prior year, driven primarily by growth in net interest income. This growth includes the impact of lower PPP-related revenue and the anticipated impact of NSF and overdraft changes. So let's move on to noninterest expense. Adjusted noninterest expenses decreased 4% in the quarter driven by lower salaries and benefits expense and professional and legal fees. Salaries and benefits decreased 5%, primarily due to lower incentive compensation despite higher payroll taxes and 401(k) expense. Salaries and benefits also include the favorable impact of lower HR asset valuations. Professional and legal fees decreased significantly as elevated fees associated with our bolt-on M&A activity in the fourth quarter did not repeat. We will continue to prudently manage expenses while investing in technology, products and people to grow our business. As a result, our core expense base will grow. We expect 2022 adjusted noninterest expenses to be up 3% to 4% compared to 2021. Importantly, this includes the full year impact of recent acquisitions as well as anticipated inflationary impacts. We remain committed to generating positive operating leverage in 2022.  Overall credit performance remained strong. Annualized net charge-offs increased 1 basis point to 21 basis points. Nonperforming loans continued to improve during the quarter and remain below pre-pandemic levels at just 37 basis points of total loans. Our allowance for credit losses decreased 12 basis points to 1.67% of total loans, while the allowance as a percentage of nonperforming loans increased 97 percentage points to 446%. The decline in the allowance reflects ongoing improvement in asset quality and continued resolution of pandemic issues, partially offset by loan growth and general economic volatility associated primarily with inflation and geopolitical unrest. The allowance reduction resulted in a net $36 million benefit to the provision. We expect credit losses to slowly begin to normalize in the back half of 2022 and currently expect full year net charge-offs to be in the 20 basis point to 30 basis point range. With respect to capital, we ended the quarter with our common equity Tier 1 ratio modestly lower at an estimated 9.4%, and we expect to maintain it near the midpoint of our 9.25% to 9.75% operating range. So wrapping up on the next slide are our updated 2022 expectations, which we've already addressed. I do want to point out that these expectations do not include any additional security purchases. So that certainly provides the opportunity for incremental benefit. In closing, as John mentioned, we began 2022 with great momentum. And despite geopolitical tensions and market uncertainty, we remain well positioned for growth as the economic recovery continues. Pre-tax, pre-provision income remained strong. Expenses are well controlled. Credit risk is relatively benign. Capital and liquidity are solid, and we are optimistic about the pace of the economic recovery in our markets. With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash : Hey, good morning, John. Good morning, David. I was hoping maybe you can talk about expectations for deposit growth, which came in better than expected and particularly as it pertains to the surge deposits. So maybe just how you're thinking about the trade-off between keeping some of these deposits and the potential for a higher beta? And I think, David, you highlighted potential for a $5 billion to $10 billion reduction. Can you maybe just clarify how much you expect for these to stick around and what it means for deposit growth?
David Turner: Sure. So we were -- we had expected the $5 billion to $10 billion of deposits to start flowing out in the first quarter. We have maintained some pretty conservative deposit assumptions. But if you look at the growth and where it came from, it was in our consumer book. We continue to grow accounts and continue to be -- have a high level of primacy with our retail customers and so our deposit base is our competitive advantage, and it's been that way for a long time, and we're looking to leverage that as we get into this higher rate environment. As you think about the surge deposits, we have 1/3 of those that we think are going to be fairly similar to our legacy deposits in terms of beta, price insensitive then we have the other 1/3 on the other end, we think are much higher beta, 80% to 100% beta. Those are corporate deposits that are -- you could characterize those as non-operational deposits that are probably going to look for a better home or a higher rate as time goes by. We'll see what happens after this next rate increase, but we've expected that to either reprice or really flow out of the bank. And then you have in the middle, which is another 1/3 deposits that are stimulus-receiving deposits, small-business-type deposits. That one is a little harder to predict. We do have a higher beta on it, not as high as the second group. But any event, if we're wrong on the $5 billion to $10 billion, it's likely that we've maintained our deposits at a higher level. And over time, if we see that, then that gives us a little bit of comfort to be able to take some of our excess cash that we have, some $26 billion sitting on the balance sheet to deploy that into the securities book. But our guidance that we're giving you does not have that deployed intentionally.
Ryan Nash: Got it. And if we could dig a little bit into the the new hedging program. So David, I don't know if Darren is in the room, I guess, you guys were the masters of adding swaps in a timely manner last cycle, and now you've begun this new program. So I think the market is having a little bit of trouble understanding why banks are adding swaps at this part of the cycle. And I think all of us understand. So can you maybe just talk about thoughts regarding locking in here, particularly using forward starters? And I think you talked about another 10 to 12 of additions. Can you maybe just talk about pacing and why this is the right decision at this point in the cycle for Regions?
David Turner: I'll go ahead and start, and then [Darren] is here, I think he can add to it. But you hit on a key word, and that is forward starting. And so what we're trying to do is get our margin to the optimum level and then layer in protection for that margin over time. So if you look at where we put the first, call it, $4.7 billion in that's at a receive fixed rate of 2.32. Those are largely going to be effective for 2024. So we intentionally had them forward starting because we believe there is risk at that point in the cycle that actually rates could go the other way, and we want to be able to protect that. If we're wrong, then it happens to not reverse and go lower, then we haven't lost anything. We haven't given up any of our net interest income or margin at that point. These are all 5-year duration just like they were last cycle. And so when you do it forward starting, you can take advantage of pricing. They're not all that expensive to get into, and we're not giving up our asset sensitivity today. That's important. We are becoming and maintain our sensitivity. And if you -- on the comments just a minute ago, the way we're structured in the balance sheet is to benefit, in particular, at the back end such that our NII in the fourth quarter should be up 15% from the first quarter. And it's just the nature of how our sensitivity is structured at this point in time. [Darren], anything you want to add to that?
Unidentified Company Representative: The only thing I would add is, David said it well, Page 8 of the deck just really shows the path of the net interest margin, which really underscores what David is saying. We're going to enjoy nice margin expansion as the Fed is tightening policy, but we have a very disciplined approach to manage that exposure as rates push higher. As David said, the probability of a downturn at some point if the Fed has to push higher increases over time. And so we want to be cognizant of that and as we get delivered those higher rates, put in that protection and really manage the downside risk in those out years.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Christopher Spahr with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Spahr : Other banks seem to be spending their rate-driven incremental net interest income or at least some of it, whereas you've kept your 2022 cost guidance unchanged. So why do you think that is? And with this higher NII outlook, how confident are you that you can expand on your positive operating leverage this year, next year?
David Turner : Well, kind of leveraging the comments just before, the way we structured the balance sheet, our NII will be growing nicely in the -- throughout the year but are really strong in the fourth quarter, which sets up a really strong 2023. We're still asset sensitive through that time period. And so we should have a nice tailwind in terms of revenue growth. We pride ourselves on being able to control our cost. We did a good job this quarter. There is that HR valuation asset that benefited us by $14 million. So you need to add that back to kind of get us level set.  But in any event, we continue to leverage our continuous improvement program to stay focused on how we get better every day and how we could leverage technology and process improvements so that we can keep our costs down because we are taking our savings and reinvesting those savings in things like digital, talent, continuing to hire people so that we can grow. We had mentioned that the vast majority of our growth in expenses this year are related to the 3 acquisitions that we closed in the fourth quarter of '21. So we've had a little bit of inflation we've had to deal with. And so we're continuing to work at all levels to try and keep our costs under control and generate positive operating leverage, which we believe we will have in 2022. We didn't have it this quarter, but we will when you get to -- when you look at the whole year and expect to have that going forward in '23.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: David, in slide deck, Slide 6, you give us the difference in the net interest margins based upon what's weighing down your margin today with the PPP loans and the excess cash. Can you share with us on the excess cash portion, where does the Fed funds rate need to go where you're not going to need to have that bullet point anymore because it will match your reported margin?
David Turner: Well, it really gets back to the deposit expectations. So we've maintained this excess cash to be prepared to the extent the surge deposits do seek other alternatives, and we have to pay that out. Obviously, we're getting 100% beta on the cash while we wait, but being patient has benefited us. Putting that into the securities book earlier would have really cost us. And we did put a little bit of that to work this quarter. $1.5 billion of that at about 2.80% carry. If we were to do it today, it would be even higher. And so in the 3.5% range. So I think it's important for us to understand what the surge deposit flows are going to do relative to what the Fed rate movements are going to be. And I think over a fairly short period of time, our cash will get down to our normalized level, which is $1 billion to $2 billion. And then we won't have to have this disclosure. And of course, PPP will run off for the most part after this year, we won't have to talk about that one either.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then as a follow-up, especially talking to you with your background as an accountant. Can you share with us your thoughts about AOCI? We all understand it's an accounting issue and it's only for the securities portfolio. Obviously, you, similar to your peers, had a big negative number this quarter, which took down tangible book value per share and book value per share, again, similar to your peers, so you're not standing out. But at what point does it become an issue for banks? And again, I know it doesn't go through your CET1 ratio like it does for the advanced approach banks. Do we have to ever get concerned about it if it keeps on -- the AOCI keeps on getting larger on the negative side?
David Turner: So I'll try to answer this without getting upset. I think the -- I think that count on....
Gerard Cassidy: David, I didn't ask you about CECL.
David Turner: So you've hit on 2 of them, 4 core accounting standards relative to what we're doing. But any event, we have to file a gap. So OCI does not -- the change in OCI relative to securities gains doesn't affect our thinking whatsoever. We manage the company based on regulatory -- our capital based on the regulatory rules in 4 category 4 banks like Regions and most of our peers. That's excluded from the regulatory calculation. Importantly, it's also excluded from the rating agencies. So they carve out the change in OCI relative to securities, not pension or other things, but securities they carve out. And what's frustrating about it is that nobody talks about measuring the fair value of our deposit base, which is where the cash came from to go by the securities. And so we're marking one element of a balance sheet through capital and that's just not how we manage the company. And so it's really irrelevant. It's done because it's easy to do. We can go get a quote. But the fair value of the deposits, in particular for Regions because of the primacy, because of the granularity, the fair value of our deposits are shooting through the roof. You just don't see that manifest itself on the balance sheet. You will see it manifest itself in growing NII and net interest margin. This is the time period we've been waiting for rates to rise. So the fact that OCI is working against tangible book value, we could care less.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Erika Najarian UBS.
Erika Najarian: My first question is a follow-up to Ryan's questioning. The way you wrote out Slide 14, it seems like that your NII guide includes both a $5 billion to $10 billion potential accretion of deposits and 70% beta. I guess I'm asking if that's -- if I'm reading that correctly, isn't it -- should it be one or the other? In other words, if they stick around, it might have a 70% beta. Does that make sense?
David Turner: Yes. Yes. Don't duplicate that. The $5 billion to $10 billion is baked into the $70 billion. So if we're wrong, our beta will be lower thus far, as I mentioned on Ryan's question, we thought deposits, these particular $5 billion to $10 billion worth of deposits would start flowing out in the first quarter, they did not. We still think that's going to happen. Perhaps it's just delayed a little bit, waiting for the next move, which we believe is going to be 50 basis points, by the way, in May. And we think those with are largely corporate non-operational deposits are going to seek a higher return than we're willing to pay. And they're probably going to move off the balance sheet in that case. So this really doesn't -- this is not going to be a big deal to us. We've been planning for it all along.
Erika Najarian : Got it. And as we think about your NII guide, David, what type of earning asset growth should we assume? Again, it goes back to the deposit question, right, because your outlook has felt very conservative since you first put it out. But what interest asset growth range should we assume lies underneath this NII guide?
David Turner : Yes. So you have to take the pieces and look at it. So there's not an appreciable change there. We've got 2 things working. One, we ought to have pretty good loan growth, as we mentioned, ex PPP and runoff portfolios, that's 9% to 10% growth in the loan balances. But then we've got the $5 billion to $10 billion of deposits going the other way, and so the cash will come down. So it's not as much of an earning asset change as it mix and what to carry what the yield is on the net assets that we -- the earning assets that we do have. And so we should see our margin continuing to increase. We're trying to give you the guide by telling you that by the time we get to the fourth quarter, our NII is 15% higher than where we are today kind of cutting to the chase because there's a lot of moving parts there.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter : I wanted to ask about EnerBank. The economic environment has changed quite a bit since you guys acquired them. And I was wondering, have your views changed at all with regards to the loan outlook for EnerBank or any consideration may be further tightening the underwriting standards given a much higher rate environment.
David Turner : No. We're very bullish on EnerBank. We're excited about the fact that we closed that in the fourth quarter. If you look at our growth of EnerBank, this quarter it was 2%. Obviously, if you annualize that it's 8%, which is below the guide that we gave you and the big driver there is seasonality. So it's the -- this first quarter is a low watermark for them. You'll see that pick up. This is a prime book. We're really excited about the carry that we can get there and the margin. We are ahead of schedule on where we thought we would be. And so, Peter, absolutely not. We are looking to that to be a good component of our growth. And again, we feel good about the credit quality, in particular, being paid for the risk that we're taking and a nice return for our shareholders on the capital deployed in that book.
Peter Winter: Got it. And then if I could just ask about the capital management strategies going forward just between bolt-on acquisitions which have really increased profitability versus buybacks. I saw yesterday, you've got the $2.5 billion buyback. The question is how aggressive will you be? Or is it just being opportunistic and just want to have that authorization in place?
David Turner : Sure. So let's go back through how we think about capital deployment. First and foremost, our capital is there for organic growth, it is to support our business. As I mentioned, ex PPP and runoff, we got loans growing 9% to 10%. That's where we want our capital to go first and foremost. The second is we want to make sure we pay an appropriate dividend to our shareholders. Our guide is 35% to 45% of earnings in the form of a dividend. So as earnings grow so will the dividend. We then think about nonbank acquisitions and the 3 we closed in the fourth quarter are great examples. We have a whole team continuing to look and work with our 3 business segment leaders on how we can provide products and services that we don't have to our customers. So we'll continue to do that. And then we use share repurchases as the mechanism to maintain capital at the optimum level and that optimum level is informed by things like CCAR and how we think about risk in our book. Of course, we just filed our CCAR submission in April. We'll hear back end of June on that. And yes, we did ask the Board and received approval for a $2.5 billion share repurchase program over the next couple of years. The control factor there, Peter, is CET1 that needs to be in the range of 9.25% to 9.75%. That's what our risk profile tells us we need to have CET1 in that range. We're targeting the middle of it at 9.5%. And so we won't buy shares back if it takes us outside of our operating range even if the price were right, which is where you're going opportunistically. I think that's just to help us manage our capital at the optimum level because that informs the denominator of our return on capital calculation, which we think is critically important to our shareholders.
Peter Winter: Great. Really helpful. And just 1 housekeeping. Just how much was the credit interest recovery this quarter in net interest income?
David Turner: I didn't commit that to memory. Hold on just a minute, I'll tell you. It's at the bottom of page. Which is the slide?
John Turner: No, that's not the number he's asking.
David Turner: Peter, we'll get that to you. You're talking about the impact to NII, right? Interest recovery in NII.
Peter Winter: Yes.
David Turner: We'll look -- somebody look that up. We'll get to you in a minute.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor : You did mention earlier about some consideration in your reserves for inflation. And I do want to ask, you always talk about your average account size being a bit smaller than some of your peers. And I guess, logic would have it that that customer base might be a little more impacted by inflation, by rising energy gas prices? And just wondering what you're seeing on some of those, call it, leading indicators. It would be helpful.
John Turner : Yes, Matt, this is John. I would just say, so far, not a lot of change. Generally speaking, our customer base, as we look at deposit balances and the impact of COVID and relief dollars on customer deposit balances, we saw, on average, even in the lowest balance segment, about a 30% increase in -- 30% to 40% increase in pre-pandemic deposit balances, and we are still seeing customers maintain that level of excess liquidity as evidenced by the fact that our deposit balances actually grew quarter-over-quarter. We do are aware of the impact of inflation or the likely impact of inflation on our customer base. It is a more mass market customer base, as we've talked about before, 60% of our consumer deposit customers are in the mass market. So there will be some impact, and we're certainly watching for that, but we haven't seen it yet.
Matt O'Connor : Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess on the other side of the loan book and the commercial side, you had a big drop in nonperforming loans, big drop in the criticized assets. Was that anything specific like a couple of borrowers or sectors or? It has been improving for some time, but it's gotten quite low.
John Turner: Yes. No, I think it's broad-based, and we continue to see improvement in credit quality across the book, a reduction in criticized loans, classified loans and nonperforming assets. And I think it reflects the work that our teams have continued to do working with our customers closely to evaluate the risk in our portfolios to exit certain relationships, portfolios and businesses where we feel like that we are -- see increased amounts of risk, we're not getting an appropriate return. If I had to point to any business where our businesses, portfolios where we saw improvement it would be restaurant as we continue to work out of that portfolio and hotel as the economy recovers through the pandemic.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin : Just a follow-up on the fee side. Now that you're getting close to the implementation of your changes to the deposit products. And you're continuing to reiterate your service charges expectations for '22 and '23, service charge is actually probably better than people expected in the first quarter. So I just wanted to kind of get your updated views on your confidence that you've got the right outlook and as you start to put the products in place, like what are your early takeaways from the continuation of that view?
David Turner : Yes. So our service charges were a little better than anticipated. I will say that we put in some changes at the end of the first quarter, you'll see more change coming in the second and third. So it's too early to change our guidance that we gave you last quarter. We reiterated it this quarter, which was $600 million for service charges in '22 and $575 million in the next year. As we go through and see what the impact is for these changes, we'll update that, whichever way it might go. And we'll probably have a better feel for the year 2022 next earnings call. But right now, it's probably too early to change.
Ken Usdin : Yes. Understood. Okay. And then one just follow-up on credit. To follow up on Matt's question about your provisioning thoughts. But can you just talk about, as you talked about normalization of losses starting to happen towards the back half of the year, what parts of the portfolio are you expecting to see charge-offs increase in first? And what areas are you just noticing that potential change in terms of delinquencies and loss rates
David Turner: Well, I think that we lowered our range 20 basis points to 30 basis points. As we think about risk going forward, there's certainly the consumer -- on the consumer side of the house, there's been a lot of stimulus money. I think we feel pretty good about the consumer, but that's an area we need to watch closely to see what that starts to move first. The second piece of that would be small business. I think small business is an area that probably has, on a relative basis, incremental risk. The issue is we're just not seeing any of that right now. John had mentioned all of our asset quality indicators are getting better. We believe our normalized loss rate is likely to be lower than our history because of our derisking that we just mentioned in our whole credit book. So we feel pretty good about that. I think the leverage book, we want to watch closely as well as we see rates increasing and what kind of pressure might that put on the leverage portfolios. So those would be 2 or 3 that we watch. I do want to get back, Peter, you asked about the recovery that was an NII. It's $4 million this quarter. I want to close that out.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari : On the expense side, I want to see if I can kind of ask the opposite of Chris Spahr's question earlier. Wondering what type of expense flexibility you may have if the revenue backdrop comes in weaker than expected this year? And do you still think that you're implying about 150 basis points of positive operating leverage in your guidance. Is that sustainable if the revenue backdrop gets tougher?
David Turner: Well, so you saw a pretty good quarter this quarter, again, make sure you add back the $14 million on the HR to get level set there. The reason we were down is because our revenue was down in certain areas like capital markets that has a tendency to be more variable in terms of the cost relative to the revenue. Things like M&A. If you don't have M&A transactions and you don't have the compensation that goes with the deal. So it depends where the revenue challenges come from, John. If we're seeing it in places like that, then we should have lower compensation mortgage. If we don't have the mortgage production that we think then you're going to see lower compensation for that as well. So we do have some mechanism to take care of revenue if it's lower than we thought. Now a big driver of our change in -- we've changed, I guess, 2 times now, our revenue outlook has been because of the rate environment and just more carry there. So if we have if we don't get the rate increases, the forwards implied at March 31, which is what's baked into our guidance, then we're probably going to have lower incentive compensation. So there are puts and takes there. We still feel confident with the operating leverage number that you just mentioned. That's exactly what's baked into our guidance. And we will -- we are committed to having operating leverage over time.
John Pancari: Okay, David. That's helpful. And then on the loan side, as you look at the remainder of the year in terms of overall growth drivers, where do you see the strongest loan generation coming out of both on the commercial side and the consumer side. What are the biggest drivers of growth over the remainder of this year as you look at the economic backdrop?
John Turner: John, this is John Turner. Our growth in the last quarter, and frankly, over the last, I guess, 2 or 3 quarters has been broad-based across all 3 segments. So we're experiencing growth in our corporate banking business, our middle market commercial business and our real estate business. We're seeing customers access lines of credit and increasing rates to both rebuild inventories and to adjust to increasing costs associated with inventory. So obviously, increases in line utilization or both inventory and cost driven. We're also seeing some CapEx, which I'm excited about across a number of different industries. Customers are investing in expansion activities. Some of it is for modernization and recognition of a much tighter labor market. In Alabama, unemployment is 2.9%; in Georgia, it's 3.1%; Florida and Tennessee, its 3.2%. So we're at full employment across some very good markets. As a result, customers are looking for ways to modernize and to continue to borrow. Growth in the portfolio. It's come in healthcare. It's come in transportation. It's come in our technology and defense sectors and asset-based lending. In the real estate business, we've seen some growth in homebuilder as markets are, again, continuing to expand as a result of consistent in migration of people, also seeing some growth in our real estate investment trust business, which has been an important portfolio for us in a really highly performing portfolio. We are optimistic about our ability to continue to grow through the balance of the year, and we expect that growth to be fairly broad-based.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: I had a couple of questions. One is I just want to make sure I understand how you are positioning yourself for the surge deposit activity that you outlined on Slide 5. I know you put the expected beta of 40% to 60% for the mid stable, mid-beta and 80% to 100% for the least stable, higher beta. Is that your indication to us of what you think it would take to retain these deposits? And would you go after them or are you saying, look, we think it would retain this and we're not going to go after them or it depends on how it progresses. Could you just give us some color on that?
David Turner: I think if you look at the -- if you're on that Page 5, let's start with the right-hand side. Those are the higher beta 80% to 100%. I'd characterize those as non-operational corporate deposits. These are deposits that are parked here that probably are going to seek a better avenue, a better yield than we're willing to pay for. So you could expect those to most likely move off the balance sheet first. When you get to the middle which is at 40% to 60% beta, those are accounts that had stimulus or small business accounts with a disproportionate amount of cash in their accounts that we think will normalize over time. I think you'll see a little bit of both. You'll see some of that move off the balance sheet. You'll see some of that where we'll pay a higher price. But at the end of the day, we're going to have to monitor that. We have a deposit rate committee. This is what they do every month. They meet to try to figure out what we should pay. As you know, our deposit beta was among the lowest of the peer group, we expect that to be true going forward because of our granular, high-promising deposit base. So that one has that middle $13 billion is something we're going to have to watch closely to see whether it stays on. And if it does, what will it cost us? There is going to be an avenue for both of these, that is in the middle column and the right for off-balance sheet opportunities where we'll move those out of the bank, but we'll be able to have a fee associated with that. It will help compensate us a little bit. It won't cover what we're earning today or likely earning as rates move up. But nonetheless, it will be a bit of a carry for us going forward.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then since we're looking for 100 bps up in 2Q, right, in May and June, 50 bps each, we should start to see some of this surge deposit exit in 2Q, shouldn't we? Or do I have that wrong?
David Turner: Yes. No, I think you're exactly right. I think, again, when it's 25 basis points, that may have been different. 50, pure large corporation that has non-operational deposits. You're going to be moving pretty quickly. So again, we expected the $5 billion to $10 billion that we talked about to move off in the first quarter, it did not. Now our corporate deposits were about flat on an average basis. We do expect that after this 50 basis points for that to start happening. So yes, you would expect deposits to be down in the second quarter as a result of that.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then just 2 other things. One is, what factors will drive you to shift your excess cash to securities? Are you going to be waiting to get through like 80% of the Fed funds rate hike to assess and then redeploy? Or are you going to be redeploying along the way?
David Turner: Well, I think we've redeployed some. So we put $1.5 billion to work this last quarter. As spreads continue to actually gap out a bit, things like CMBS -- Agency CMBS was a good place for us. I guess we put at, what, 2.80 was $1.5 billion. If you were to do that today, it would be closer to 3.5. So it's kind of a little bit of a game we need to just watch and see what the rate environment will give us. We do have some cash we can put to work if our beta assumptions are better, then we'll have that much more cash to deploy over time. And our guidance we're giving you doesn't have that -- does not have that baked into the guidance. But using the spot securities and the forward starting swaps, all that's baked into our hedging strategy that we're trying to put in place so that we can protect a really nice margin that we think we can get to over time, and we've given you that guidance on one of our slides, on Slide 8. And I think in our pre-recorded message, we think we can push up to 3.75 with a 2.50 Fed funds. So that would be quite nice for us.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And last question is just on -- you had the AOCI hit. I know Gerard spoke about that with you earlier on the call. The long end of the curve, obviously, is up since March 31. So should we expect like for the DV01 hit in this quarter would be similar to last quarter for a like DV01 move? Or are some of these hedging strategies that you indicated earlier changing that? And I'm really asking what we need to take into consideration as we think through to 2Q with this rate back up what the AOCI hit could be.
David Turner: So my first point would be to ignore it, and you don't have to do the math and you go on to something else. But if you want to track it for whatever reason that you have, I would expect it to probably negatively impact us, but not to the tune of what it did this past quarter, partially because of what we're lagging into right now. And frankly, the change in the long end isn't going to be as -- we don't think be as severe as it was this quarter. So good luck with your math.
Betsy Graseck: Those hedging strategies you talked about earlier help you on that front, is that accurate statement or not?
David Turner: Yes. That's right.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache : Following up on your response to Both Gerard and Betsy, I appreciate your comments around how it doesn't make any fundamental economic sense to mark securities to fair value on the left-hand side of your balance sheet without also marking the deposits to fair value on the right side. And so fundamentally, available for sale OCI hits are nothing more than accounting noise. But how would you respond to the idea that in the recession bank stocks are going to trade down to tangible book value. And so while it may not matter fundamentally, from a practical perspective, it's something that investors trying to care about
David Turner: Yes. So this whole concept of tangible book value came about in the recession. To the extent we have a recession, the rate environment is actually going to go the other way and securities are going to be worth that much more. And so again, I think you -- if you want to mark the entire balance sheet to fair value, that would be reasonable, especially in trying times where you're trying to figure out what the true fair value of net assets are for a given company. But the total concept of tangible book value, in my opinion, is really not a going concern issue. It's a failure notion. It's, I'm going out of business, what I get as a shareholder if we liquidate everything? And the biggest issue I have with OCI is you're marking one element of the entire balance sheet. Securities, you're not market loans, you're not marketing deposits or anything else. So you're not getting a very good understanding of what true tangible book value is in any rate scenario. But I realize I'm in the minority and people just do -- are going to do what they want. But in a recession, and it actually goes the other way because the rates will be down.
Bill Carcache : Understood. Yes, that makes sense. You guys have exhibited prowess in protecting your margins through the hedge program. I guess is there anything that could be ever considered wanting to protect that tangible book? Or maybe since it is a focus of investors may be introducing the concept of tangible book value ex available for sale might be something that people focus on because, I guess, with the passage of time, those open marks would not be realized if you held the securities to maturity?
David Turner: Yes. I don't -- again, we don't use this to manage our bank at all. We don't use it for capital. We don't use it for rating agencies. So to put it in held to maturity where we don't have to have a mark, all that does is restrict our ability to manage the portfolio the way we want. And so, we don't see any need for that. We do realize there are some people for whatever reason that this is important. And all I'm saying is go calculate the fair value of our deposits, which will be in our 10-Q coming up and just add that in as you're thinking about tangible book value, then we at least have a better idea of what it is.
John Turner: Thank you very much. I think that's all the questions we had. So thank you all for your time today. Thanks for your interest in Regions. Have a great weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Regions' Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Natalia, and I'll be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Natalia. Welcome to Regions fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding the quarter. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available in the Investor Relations section on our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. We're very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results. We achieved a great deal despite a challenging interest rate in operating environment. Earlier this morning, we reported full year earnings of $2.4 billion in record pre-tax, pre-prevision income of $2.7 billion. Despite continued economic uncertainty, we remain focused on what we can control and our efforts are paying off. We grew consumer checking accounts by 3% and small business accounts by 5%. Notably, our 2021 net retail account growth exceeds the previous three years combined and represents an annual growth rate that is three times higher than pre-pandemic levels. We increase new corporate banking group loan production by approximately 30% and generated record capital markets revenue. Through our enhanced risk management framework, we deliver our lowest annual net charge off ratio since 2006. We made investments in key talent and revenue facing associates to support strategic growth initiatives. We continue to grow in diversify revenue through our acquisitions of InterBank with all capital partners and Clearsight advisors. We successfully executed our Libor transition program to ensure our clients were ready to move to alternative reference rates. We continue to focus on making banking easier through investments in target markets, technology and digital capabilities. We surpassed our two-year, $12 million commitment to advanced programs and initiatives that promote racial equity and economic empowerment for communities of color. Before closing, we're extremely proud of our achievements in 2021, but none of these would've been possible without the hard work and dedication of our nearly 20,000 associates. The past year posed unique challenges as we continue to transition to our new normal, both on a personal and professional level. Despite continued uncertainty, our associates remain steadfast. They continue to bring their best to work every day, providing best in class customer service, successfully executing our strategic plan and maintaining strong risk management practices, all of which contributed to our success. In 2022 and beyond, we'll continue to focus on growing our business by making investments in areas that allow us to make banking easier for our customers, all while continuing to provide our associates with the tools they need to be successful. We will make incremental adjustments to our business by leaning into our strengths and investing in areas where we believe we can consistently win over time. As announced earlier this week, a key priority in 2022 will be additional comprehensive changes to our NSF and overdraft policies, which are detailed in the appendix of our presentation. These changes represent a natural extension of our commitment to making banking easier for our customers and compliment the enhanced alerts, time-order posting process as well as our bank loan certified checking product, we launched late last year. It's important to note that the financial impact of these enhancements have been fully incorporated in our total revenue expectation for 2022. Again, we're pleased with our results and have great momentum as we head into 2022. Now Dave will provide you with some select highlights regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet, including the impact of acquired loans from the InterBank transaction, adjusted average and ending loans group 6% and 7% respectively during the quarter. Although business loans continue to be impacted by excess liquidity, pipelines have surpassed pre-pandemic levels and encouragingly, we experienced a 240 basis point increase in line utilization rates during the fourth quarter. In addition, production remained strong with line of credit commitments increasing $4.7 billion year-over-year. Consumer loans reflected the addition of $3 billion of acquired interbank loans, as well as another strong quarter of mortgage production, accompanied by modest growth in credit card. Looking forward, we expect full year 2022 reported average loan balances to grow 4% to 5% compared to 2021. Let's turn to deposits. Although the pace of deposit growth has slowed, balances continue to increase this quarter to new record levels. The increase includes impact of InterBank deposits acquired during the fourth quarter, as well as continued growth in new accounts and account balances. We're continuing to analyze our deposit base and pandemic related deposit inflow characteristics in order to predict future deposit behave. Based on this analysis, we currently believe approximately 35% or $12 billion to $14 billion of deposit increases can be used to support longer term asset growth through the rate cycle. Additional portions of the deposit increases could persist on the balance sheet or like to be more rate sensitive, especially later in defense cycle. While we expect a portion of the surge deposits to be rate sensitive, you will recall that the granular nature and generally rate insensitive construct of our overall deposit base represents significant upside for us, when rates do begin to increase. Let's shift to net interest, income and margin. Net interest income increased 6% versus the prior quarter, driven primarily from our InterBank acquisition, favorable PPP income and organic balance sheet growth. Net interest income from PPP loans increased $8 million from the prior quarter, but will be less of a contributor going forward. Approximately 89% of estimated PPP fees have been recognized. Cash averaged $26 billion during the quarter and when combined with PPP, reduced fourth quarters reported margin by 51 basis points. Our adjusted margin was 3.34% modestly higher versus the third quarter. Excluding the impact of a large third quarter loan interest recovery, core net interest income was mostly stable as loan growth offset impacts from the low interest rate environment. Similar to prior quarters, net interest income was reduced by lower reinvestment yields on fixed rate loans and securities. These impacts are expected to be more neutral to positive going forward. The hedging program contributed meaningfully to net interest income in the fourth quarter. The cumulative value created from our hedging program is approximately $1.5 billion. Roughly 90% of that amount has either been recognized or is locked in to future earnings from hedge terminations. Excluding PPP, net interest income is expected to grow modestly in the first quarter, aided by a strong fourth quarter ending loan growth as well as continued loan growth in the first quarter, partially offset by day count. Regions balance sheet is positioned to benefit meaningfully from higher interest rates. Over the first 100 basis points of rate tightening, each 25 basis point increase in the federal funds rate is projected to add between $60 million and $80 million over a full 12 month period. This includes recent hedging changes and is supported by a large proportion of stable deposit funding and a significant amount of earning assets held in cash when compared to the industry, Importantly, we continue to shorten the maturity profile of our hedges in the fourth quarter. Hedging changes today, support increasing net interest income exposure to rising rates positioning us well for higher rates in 2022 and beyond. In summary, net interest income is poised for growth in 2022 through balance sheet growth and a higher yield curve in an anding economy. Now let's take a look at fee revenue and expense. Adjusted non-interest income decreased 5% from the prior quarter, primarily due to elevated other non-interest income in the third quarter that did not repeat in the fourth quarter. Organic growth and the integration of Subal Capital Partners and Clearsight Advisors will drive growth in capital markets revenue in 2022. Going forward, we expect capital markets to generate quarterly revenue of $90 million to $110 million, excluding the impact of CBA and DBA. Mortgage income remained relatively stable during the quarter and while we don't anticipate replicating this year's performance in 2022, mortgage is expected to remain a key contributor to fee revenue, particularly as a purchase market in our footprint remains very strong. Wealth management income increased 5% driven by stronger sales and market value impacts and is expected to grow incrementally in 2022. Seasonality drove an increase in service charges compared to the prior quarter. Looking ahead, as announced yesterday, we are making changes to our NSF and overdraft practices, which along with previously implemented changes will further reduce these fees. NSF and overdraft fees make up approximately 50% of our service charge line item. These changes will be implemented throughout 2020, but once fully ruled out together with our previous changes implemented last year, we expect the annual impact to result in 20% to 30% lower service charges revenue versus 2019. Based on our expectations around the implementation timeline, we estimate $50 million to $70 million will be reflected in 2022 results. NSF and overdraft revenue has declined substantially over the last decade and once fully implemented, we expect the annual contribution from these fees will be approximately 50% lower than 2011 levels. Since 2011, NSF and overdraft revenue has decreased approximately $175 million and debit interchange legislation card and ATM fees another $180 million. We have successfully offset these declines through expanded and diversified fee based services and as a result, total non-interest income increased approximately $400 million over this same time period. Through our ongoing capabilities and services, we will continue to grow and diversify revenue to overcome the impact of these new policy changes. We expect 2022 adjusted total revenue to be up 3.5% to 4.5% compared to the prior year, driven primarily by growth in interest income. This growth includes the impact of lower PPP related revenue and the anticipated impact of NSF and overdraft changes. Let's move on to non-interest expense, adjusted non-interest expenses increased 5% in the quarter. Salaries and benefits increased 4% primarily due to higher incentive compensation. Base salaries also increased as we added approximately 660 new associates, primarily as a result of acquisitions that closed this quarter. The increased headcount also reflects key hires to support strategic initiatives within other revenue producing businesses. We have experienced some inflationary pressures already and expect certain of those to persist in 2022. If you exclude variable based and incentive compensation associated with better than expected fee income and credit performance, as well as expenses related to our fourth quarter acquisitions, our 2021 adjusted core expenses remained relatively stable compared to the prior year. We will continue to prudently manage expenses while investing in technology, products and people to grow our business. As a result, our core expense base will grow. We expect 2022 adjusted non-interest expenses to be up 3% to 4% compared to 2021. Importantly, this includes the full year impact of recent acquisitions as well as anticipated inflationary impacts. Despite these impacts, we remain committed to generating positive adjusted operating leverage in 2022. Overall credit performance remained strong, annualized net charge offs increased six basis points from the third quarter record low to 20 basis points driven in part by the addition of InterBank in the fourth quarter. Full year net charge offs totalled 24 basis points, the lowest level on record since 2006. Non-performing loans continue to improve during the quarter and are now below pre-pandemic levels at just 51 basis points of total loans. Our allowance for credit losses remained relatively stable at 1.79% of total loans, while the allowance as a percentage of non-performing loans increased 66 percentage points to 349%. We expect credit losses to slowly begin to normalize in the back half of 2022 and currently expect full year net charge off to be in the 25 basis point to 35 basis point range. With respect to capital, our common equity tier one ratio decreased approximately 130 basis points to an estimated 9.5% this quarter. During the fourth quarter, we closed on three acquisitions, which combined, absorbed approximately $1.3 billion of capital. Additionally, we repurchased $300 million of common stock during the quarter. We expect to maintain our common equity tier one ratio near the midpoint of our 9.25% to 9.75% operating range. So wrapping up on the next slide are our 2022 expectations, which we've already addressed. In closing the momentum we experienced in the fourth quarter, positions us well for growth in 2022, as the economic recovery continues, pre-tax pre-provision income remained strong, expenses are well controlled, credit risk is relatively benign, capital and liquidity are solid, and we're optimistic about the pace of the economic recovery in our markets. With that we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question is from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: Hi. good morning. So just going to actually, I didn't expect to ask this question, but the feedback that I got from investors in terms of the performance today, obviously your outlook is quite upbeat, is that the tangible book dilution from the deals that you announced or rather closed in the fourth quarter surprised. And David, I'm wondering if you could share with us sort of the earned back period you expect for these deals on tangible book value?
David Turner: Well, we look at several factors not just tangible book value. We look at diversification of revenue. We look at return on investment because when you -- the alternative is buying your stock back, which also has a reduction in a tangible book value. So you're trying to look at the trade off between how you put your capital to work, frankly, I can't even remember what the payback was. If we were looking at a bank acquisition, that's a little different where, we would expect a payback period in three years or less, but in this case, we're looking at diversification and being able to grow and return on that investment is higher than the return we would've had if we bought our shares back.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Couple of questions, first on the announcement that you made yesterday on the changes to the overdraft and sufficient fund fees. I know you sized it for 2022. Could you give us a sense as to, if that were to go in full year, full on, what that level would be, because obviously as we think into '23, need to understand how you're thinking about an annualized impact would be looking like?
David Turner: yeah, so the guidance we provided Betsy is if you go back to 2019, take total service charge revenue, the impact is going to be somewhere between 20% and 30% of total service charge revenue based on 2019 revenue, once all the changes are implemented and annualized.
John Turner: And that includes all the things we already have done too. So it's a cumulative number. So if you go back to that, you can calculate right and round numbers. We'll be half, we're going to have half to maybe slightly more than that done in 2022. And so, you can double that or close proximity of what the total would be.
Betsy Graseck: And when you say the service charges from 2019, you're talking about the service charges from 2019 in your income statement, not what shows up as regulatory like overdraft
David Turner: That's correct.
John Turner: And, we think about it that way. Because, ultimately and all these fees are associated with the consumer business and as we think about how we overcome that loss of revenue, it is through growth in consumer checking accounts, additional activity, debit card usage, debit card fees, other things that come with that. And as David has pointed out earlier, if you go back to 2010, '11 timeframe and come forward, we've been able to significantly grow non-revenue while overcoming the loss of revenue associated with reg and other changes. We expect the same will be true as we look forward relative to the change we're making here.
David Turner: And Betsy, just to help you out a little, if you go into our public filings and our supplement in 2019, our service charge number was $729 million. It's off that number.
Betsy Graseck: Right. Right. Okay. I was just going to confirm that. All right. Great. Thank you. And then follow up question here, just on how you're thinking about the Subal acquisition and how that's going to feed into not only the income statement I heard you talk about it's in the capital markets revenue line, but maybe help us understand, is there any balance sheet impact here and the expectation that you have to grow this business from where it is today?
John Turner: Yeah. So I would say the balance sheet impact will be modest. We'll have an opportunity to develop relationships that might lead to our providing credit to customers and/or opening deposit relationships. We expect that to be true for sure. The primary benefit we derive from Subal is the capabilities we have, permanent placement capabilities that we ultimately end up with, I think we're one of four or five banks in the country that will have a complete array of real estate permanent placement products, whether it be a Fanny license, Freddy licenses for large and small dollar, CMBS capabilities, we can bank our real estate customer's needs across the spectrum. And, as we've transitioned from the great recession to today, we've built, I think a really solid real estate business, real estate permanent placement revenue in 2021 will exceed $60 million. That's from $0 million in 2014 effectively. So we've been building that business around regional and national real estate developers, really strong balance sheets, good liquidity and access to capital. The portfolio has performed very, very well and we think this gives us an opportunity to extend those relationships and drive additional profitability.
Betsy Graseck: And there's been some pretty recently some significant uptick in that demand for that product, right?
John Turner: Yes. And, again, I think if you just look at the multifamily market and it's awfully good and those developers who like to buy and build and hold want access to both the Fanny products and the Freddy products from time to time and we've again, found that to be a great source of revenue and a wonderful way to build stronger, deeper relationships with that customer segment.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: On the loan growth front, I wanted to see if you can maybe give a little more color on the 4% to 5% growth expectation I have for the year and maybe if you can unpack it by a little bit of color on the growth you expect for commercial and CRE and consumer and how that could play out for the year. Thanks.
David Turner: Yeah. Hi John, it's David. So first thing we have to overcome, it depends on if you look at all the average, which is where the 4% to 5% first thing you have to do is overcome PPP average, which is about $2.7 billion. So put that in your model. And if you look at areas where we can grow, clearly, we're going to get benefit off InterBank having a whole year of InterBank along with its growth that we expect and so that's a big driver of our averaging. Mortgage ought to have -- it may not have as much production as we have in '21 or '22, but we still believe we'll grow the balance sheet quite nicely from there. We expect credit card to continue to grow and then on commercial even a after you consider overcoming the PPP runoff on average of 2.7%, we think we can still grow that on top of it. As we look at the industries that we were particularly strong in '21 in the commercial space, financial services, healthcare, transportation or our asset based lending, home builder and to a lesser degree, technology, those are areas that we did see growth in quite nice growth and expect to continue into 2022 and it's been geographically diverse as well.
John Pancari: Right. Okay. All right. Thanks. And then separately on the operating leverage expectation, based upon your guidance, you're looking for about 50 basis points operating leverage. Could you just talk to us about how if fed hikes maybe prove to be less than expected, is that 50 basis points operating leverage still obtainable? Do you still have leverages to pull to be, to basically generate that despite any move by the fed?
David Turner: Well, it certainly makes it harder, but as we've always said, our goal is to generate positive operating leverage over time and, if our revenue growth in there, then we, we double down on expense management and we obviously didn't get there this year, nor did anybody else that I'm aware of. But we believe there's a reasonable path to that and, that's why we gave you the guidance that showed you that roughly 50 basis points or more, and we have things we can do during the year that can help us get there, but yeah, rates not coming in at the pace we think, or as many as we think we'll put pressure on that calculus, but we wouldn't give up on it just cause of that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning. Following up on the commentary around the positive operating leverage, I was hoping you could frame a little bit more how much variability there is around that 3% to 4% increase that you have in your outlook for expenses, as those rate hikes begin to flow through the forward curve reflects four hikes next year, but some are expecting more than that. So how does the number of hikes, I guess, to the extent that we do more, influence to the expense line and does that 3% to 4% outlook hold? And on top of that, it would be great if, you could also discuss your confidence level and being able to control the expense base, such that, you continue that you still achieve that positive operating leverage, even under different inflation scenarios.
David Turner: Well, yes, a lot of there. So let me see if I can help you out. So on the expense side of 3% to 4%, a large portion of that substantial portion of that's related to the acquisitions that we had. So we closed on three deals in the fourth quarter, one of them right at the end of the year. So we'll have a full year run rate on all those coming through and that's the biggest single driver of the 3% to 4%. If you go back and look at our compound annual growth rate on expense management, we've actually done a pretty good job of controlling our expenses and we don't do that in just one area, but it's hours and benefits and furniture, fixtures and equipment and occupancy and vendor spend, all those things, we are all over and John has us our continuous improvement program still going where we're looking to improve processes each and every day, leveraging technology to help us control our expense load. So I, think in terms of the revenue side we have four baked into our guidance that we just gave you four 25 basis points moves each quarter, So on average, you get two during the year. And, it depends on, will we get 25? Will it be more than that? Will it be more than four or less than four? You have to we've told you in our guidance that each 25 basis points or $60 million to $80 million for. So you can put your model and kind of work with that. But back to the question earlier, I think from John Pancari, in terms of operating leverage, we are committed to generating positive operating ledge over time. And when things get more challenging, we'll do what we can to manage expenses. So I'll leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess one just question follow up on the overdraft. It's been a big over hang on the stock and I get your guidance around the impact this year, David, but just talk to us downside risk the industry seems to be moving away from your -- give us a sense of like the use case of why there's a subset of order fees that needs to exist and why you feel okay both competitively and from a regulatory standpoint, but that component of fees will be defendable.
John Turner: Well. So as we put in our guidance yesterday, we're eliminating NSF fees altogether. We still have overdraft fees for a service that we're providing which is liquidity to our customer base, and they appreciate the ability to be able to have that liquidity and time and need. And there's a cost to that. And now we've done some things, we've given alerts, we've changed our posting order, we're going to give short -- small dollar loans. We're going to give you paycheck up to two days available in some cases and so we're doing a lot of things to make it easier for our customers to bank with us and to understand where they stand at any point in time. But if they need that liquidity, we want to be there, we've limited our -- we will be limiting our overdraft no more than three per day to which is one of the strongest in the industry. So we're doing a lot of things. We think that's a value play for our customers. They want that ability for that short term liquidity at the cost that we charge for it.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Noted. And I guess just a separate question around loan growth, apologies if I missed it, but talk to us about the InterBank acquisition, what that means for growth, especially some of the non-footprint. I think half of InterBank is outside of the core Region's footprint. Give us a perspective in terms of the opportunity that you have there both in terms of what InterBank does today and how to scale that up?
John Turner: Yeah. So we acquired about $3 billion worth of loans, right at the end of the -- at the beginning of the fourth quarter. We'll get all that in our averaging numbers, which is where our 4% to 5% growth is for next year, year. If their production had been about 1% of the industry, which equated to about $1.7 billion in terms of production and that's what they were doing and we think we have the ability to take that and ramp it up over time and have nice growth there. We are excited about InterBank and excited about the fact that our geographic expansion of that is outside of our core footprint. It brings us the ability to have more customers throughout the country to do other banking services with as well, including small business contractors that offer products to consumers. So it is a big portion of our growth expectation, and we couldn't be more excited about adding InterBank and the people that work there to the Regions family.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hey, good morning guys. Another, just follow up on the expenses, David. Can you help us understand of the 3% to 4% growth what part of that is just organic growth? What part is actually coming from the acquisitions, getting into the run rate, and then what are you doing in terms of like offsets in terms of, continuous improvement type of efficiencies?
David Turner: Yeah. Ken, as I mentioned earlier, the overwhelming majority of our growth is related to the acquisitions that we have. We've been able and will continue to control our core expenses by managing the things I talked about managing salaries and benefits and headcount and our square footage whether it be branch or office square footage, when you manage your headcount, you manage the number of computers you have to have. It's vendor spend. It's our procurement group really ensuring that from a demand management standpoint, that people that are asking for vendors and third party services really need them and when we have to have them making sure that we get the best price for the services that we're getting. That's ongoing, that's part of our continuous improvement program. And you couple that with leveraging technology and taking out processes that we have. We're not finished there. Now we to create opportunities to reinvest. So embedded in the 3% to 4% are the investments that we're making in people in our certain markets that we have, that we see opportunities for growth there. We invest in technology, people and services to help us there. So all that's embedded in the numbers that we're giving you, but cutting to the chase of the 3% to 4%, the vast majority of that is related to the acquisitions that we announced.
Ken Usdin: Yeah. Understand and I apologize, I missed that comment earlier. Follow up separately, David, then just on that topic you spoke -- you terminated a little bit more this quarter. I just want to understand like, what percentage of that book is now kind of locked out from either just that you've terminated or you understand the maturity schedule and we see from your -- the color and what that expected trajectory is like. So I dont think there's much change, but can you let us know if there's anything different in terms of how you're viewing that portfolio going forward? Thank you.
David Turner: Yeah, Ken so we continue to read the reason where the Fed is going in the market with regards to rates. So we took some of our protection off, it unwinds this summer. So we have a little bit more asset sensitivity that comes in, in the second half of the year, but we have to continue to monitor that because it's important, it's important for us to make sure that we have the proper sensitivity when we expect rates to go. We do. And now it's just timing. A month ago, maybe a, a rate increase or two. Now, today it's four. This morning, there are people talking about, maybe it will only be a couple. So, there's a -- this is very volatile and we're trying to do the best we can to anticipate where those rate moves are going and we've locked in a good portion of our fair value if you will, of our hedge portfolio over half. So I think that we're in good shape. We can terminate some of those, quickly if we want to put more sensitivity in but right now we think we're in pretty good spot.
Ken Usdin: Do you have an upper bounds of the sensitivity and how much you let it float up and thanks for answers, David.
David Turner: What we really want to do is we're not trying to top tick our margin in NII. What we're trying to do is have a repeatable, predictable income statement. What we do when rates get to a point where there's risk of it going down, we do have risk parameters in terms of how much risk we could have on NII with a 100 basis point move. But for us is really trying to anticipate where the market's going to move. So we can take full advantage there but we don't want, we don't want to have an unusual pickup in any given period, whether it be a quarter or a year, that's not repeatable, that's not helpful to us score our shareholders over time. So we're, we're trying to get back. We had given you a range of getting up to our margin in the 370% range with a normal interest rate environment. We're probably going to be in the higher 330 on a core basis this quarter coming up. So we'll have a little bit of growth there, but it's just making incremental moves on the portfolio as we see the interest rate environment change.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Morning, John. David, can you elaborate further on slide eight, where you give us the interest rate exposure, and you talked about your deposit beta, particularly in the first 100 basis points of being 25% due to the higher betas on your third deposits. Can you tell us how large on the surge deposits on the [indiscernible]? And can you give us some color on how you define surge deposits?
David Turner: Yeah, so our total surge deposits just mathematically are about $39 billion, Okay. And so when you think of those surge deposits of beta reaction, there's really two things that are happening with, with those surge deposits. Of the surge deposits, about 65% of those, we think would have a -- actually a lower beta that -- I'm sorry, a higher beta that's $25 billion. And we would put that beta at 75%, right? They think it's going to be pretty high, pretty reactive. If you look at the other 35%, we think based on the nature of those accounts, that those deposits went into, that beta is going to be similar to our legacy beta with beta, which is 10% percent. Then if you take the rest of our core legacy deposits, we put a 10% beta on that as well. And if you go back and look at the last a hundred basis point rate increase that we had the last cycle, that's what the beta was. So that's the math that we've really gotten to and our guidance that we're, that we're giving you
Gerard Cassidy: And, David on the surge deposit, are those excess non-operating deposits from your corporate customers or the consumers, that excess money left over from the stimulus?
David Turner: Yeah, big, a big portion of those surge deposits are corporate deposits that came in that because that's the best place they could put their money. And that's why we believe, that 65% of those deposits. So call it $25 billion that 65% of the 39 it's going to be very reactive because they're corporate customers, that are likely to put, want to put those to work in a more meaningful place. And we don't need to pay up for that. So we expect those to probably either move out or to to be more expensive.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then, as a follow up, you highlighted your net charge-off ratio. I think you said the lowest in about 15 years, point to net charge-offs initially probably staying around the low levels. You're sore in the fourth quarter, gradually in the second half of the year, start to head toward maybe normalization. Is that based on just because the rates are so low, that it's hard to maintain that, or is there formulaic or some underwriting that you have done that says, no, we we're going to charge slow, start to see higher the charge us later in the year, excluding of course the acquisition that may influence the reported numbers?
David Turner: Yeah. It's not an underwriting change. It's a reality that obviously consumers and businesses were propped up by stimulus consumers in particular. A lot of that stimulus is running out this quarter, in terms of the child care tax credit. We've been unusually low hasn't, as has the industry. So I think that our expectation is we would start to normalize because of the runoff of the stimulus, which starts manifesting itself in the second half of the year. But that being said, it, we still think charge-off will be rather low, lower than history at 25 to 35 basis points for '22. If the economy continues to perform and consumers do well and manage money well, maybe, our charge off at the lower end of that range, so a bit of it is trying to anticipate when normal normalization will occur.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good; thank you for the color.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. It might be a little bit too early to be thinking about this, but, given rate expectations of increase so much, when does that start factoring into how you're underwriting?; because obviously, if rates go up to 3%, or even more, it does put pressure on borrowers.
David Turner: Well, I think Matt, one of the things, so we're talking about 4 25 basis point, moves to get off of virtually zero. If you think of a consumer, a lot of the consumer portfolios or fixed rate portfolios, so they don't end up having much of an interest rate, shocking four moves. On the, on the corporate banking side, again, four moves on them. We've been monitoring our customers, we know which, where they stand a lot of them hedge. We would expect as rates starting to start to move. We actually put on our customers would put on more hedge protection if you will. So we, again, we don't see a lot of payment shocks there. I think it's the risk is running out to stimulus. And also is there something unique in a given business or industry that could drive losses higher versus rates at this point.
John Turner: But, I only other thing I'd say is the normal course of business in -- when underwriting credits, we're always stressing or interest rate sensitivity and among other things that might occur. So that would not be a change in our common current practice.
Matt O'Connor: Okay And then just separately and apologies if I missed it. Your capital markets, revenue's been strong all year and, and you did increase kind of the run rate for '22, but we've seen some of your peers have really strong cap markets fees in 4Q. And I think part of it might just be a mixed issue, but maybe you could talk to that if, you didn't early and if you did, I'll, look at the transcript. Thanks. Right?
John Turner: No, no, I think it's a good question. If you just look at the bulk of our capital markets revenue distributed across both capital raising and advisory services. So whether it's real estate, permanent placement M&A loans, indications, or a fixed income transact actions we are generating relatively similar amounts of revenue across those platforms. So we've got good diversity. Now we've added ClearSight advisors and we've added Sabal capital. And so when you consider the contribution that those acquisitions will make in concert with the businesses that or products capabilities that we've developed we think the run rate of 90 to 110 per quarter is appropriate.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Scouten with Piper Sandler
Steven Scouten: Yeah. Good morning. Thanks. So I just one clarifying question first. I wanted to make sure David, from your earlier commentary that the loan growth, the 4% to 5% does include the runoff of PPP, or is it ex-PPP impact?
David Turner: No, it includes that it's that was one of the important points that it includes overcoming that and having four and a half, I mean, 4% to 5% growth on the average that you see for the year and it's in our supplement.
Steven Scouten: Perfect. That's what I thought I heard. Thank you. That's great. And then maybe the one other question I had is can you talk a little bit about the hand-off kind of from the hedging income to the, the greater rate sensitivity that obviously now you're pulling forward a bit. I know you have some detail there on slide 20, but I'm just kind of wondering if you can walk through that. Is there the positive ability that a quarter to quarter basis we could see some decline is that, $114 million run rate kind of pulls down and the, the impact of higher rates pulls it back up?
David Turner: Well, I mean, it, it, you could always have a little timing issue from a quarter  quarter-to-quarter, but we've got a number of things going on that chart that you can see in particular our, our growth loan growth and our EnerBank transaction that we had, but a good portion of our, hedge portfolio is locked in and we're adding the sensitivity. I've forgot to ask the question earlier, but we added a little bit of sensitivity to help us in the second half of the year. The key thing on the early moves too, is that we're, we're still very asset sensitive because of our deposit base. And so when you start seeing the first couple of moves, that beta is pretty close to zero. And so, I, think that'll aid in the handoff, but it might not be perfect. If you're looking at the, making an investment in us over a period of time, we kind of, we think we're well positioned to grow as an economy continues to grow. We get higher rates and that's where regions really shines; because our deposit base that low core, low cost core deposit base of ours has been a differentiator for us. It's just, you haven't seen the, we haven't been able to extract the value out of it because we've been in such a low rate environment, but now we're starting to see that opportunity. If in fact, we get the rate increases that the, that the Forbes have baked in.
Steven Scouten: Okay. That's, that's very helpful. And just the one other point on that chart is the impact of organic growth obviously is increasing in each subsequent year in '23 and '24. Is that to convey that you think organic growth can be even better from a loan growth perspective or just that it will be more meaningful given it will be at higher rate?
David Turner: Well, it's a little bit of both. I think we can continue to see absolute balance growth. we've acquired new portfolios and as I mentioned, so just one example is EnerBank; where we, added $3 billion that production there historically had been about billion seven we're in a lot of states and we have a distribution that's far better in our bank than what they would've had. And they were a regulated energy company, right? So we have the ability to, to, to take that to a new level. And so that's just one example. That's why we continue to make investments, because we see to take a portfolio and be able to push that through our network and all the people that we have working for us to continue to grow. You're also getting help by the rate environment. So that's baked into that four to 6% compound annual growth rate as well.
Steven Scouten: Perfect. That's encouraging. Thanks for the coming. Yeah.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Christopher Barath with Wells Fargo
Christopher Barath: Good morning. So my question is about 2023 expenses. Last month you said 2.5% was kind of a core run rate for at least to think about wage increases. Is that kind of a good starting point to think about expenses for next year?
David Turner: Actually Chris, we've had we've, we've seen some inflation this year that number's going to be a little bit higher as we think about merit increases, payments we need to make, to retain certain folks in particular people that are in the technology side of the house recruiting those, type things. So that two and a half's a little bit higher than that. Now that is baked into the guidance if we gave you. And so I guess bottom line is we have experienced inflation and we expect that to persist into 2022?
John Turner: Now Chris's question was around 2023. If I heard you correctly. Chris?
Christopher Barath: That's correct. And that, inflation that that's not transient that's going to be in the run rate for '22 and then you're going to continue now, will you be able to revert back to merit increases that are more consistent in '23? Like we had in the past and I think that's, accurate. I guess I'm trying to figure out is the difference between deal related cost that you're seeing this year versus what is going to be more of a run rate inflation or, or wage pressure?
David Turner: Well, the, the main thing is of the three to 4% that we're going to experience, the vast majority of that is related to the acquisitions that we had.
Christopher Barath: Okay. And then one quick follow up, please. So last month you said, I think 2% was a good starting point to put money to work and given kind of your high level of dry powder, even with the, surge deposits. Is that still your thought process or do you think it's going to be a higher level now given with the 10 years already?
David Turner: No, we still think so. We think the short end as we, we told you that we probably have four short term rate increases going in this year, but we still think the, the 10 year kind of hangs out and approaches 2% by the end of the year. So it does move as much. We do think there's opportunities. There's a lot of volatility there. If we see the ability to put a billion to more, to work in the securities book and we're convicted on that, we'd be happy to, we, we have more cash idle cash than most everybody because we just have been reluctant to want to take the duration risk, because we just don't think we're appropriately compensated for it. That being said, things can change. And if we see closer to that 2% on the 10 that may persuade us to put a little bit more to work now, remember we're getting paid for all the increases on the short run short rate with the money at the fed. So we're getting paid a little bit more there.
Operator: Your next question is on the line Vivek Juneja with JP Morgan.
Vivek Juneja: Hi David; Hi, John; So just to clarification on couple of the last two questions. So you said if the tenure gets closer to 2%, you might with some to work. So do you have anything factored into your NII guidance for reinvesting some of that liquidity or not?
David Turner: No, we do not. That would be on top of what we're giving you.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. And then on the, on the expense question that I was just asked, so are you assuming the incentive comp increase that you had in '21 is that stays at that level in your '22 guidance?
David Turner: No. It's not forecast as to stay at that level. That was a, incentive comp was up, I think, across the industry and we don't forecast it. It would remain at that level at this time.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. And then partly because you're assuming some of those revenues will not continue like mortgage and capital markets?
David Turner: Well, no, we, given here now our revenue growth, but that's all baked into the budget. And so you, you don't get, you don't get compensated at that over par if you hit your budget, you got to have a much better year than that, which is what we, and most of the industry players did this year, but you reset your expectations. Now you're back down the par you got to start all over again.
Vivek Juneja: Does that make sense? 
John Turner: We're yeah, increasing targets, so that will have the impact of reducing incentives.
Vivek Juneja: Right, right. Okay. Makes sense and the last one for both of you loan growth, you talked about very strong pipelines which implies that you're expecting low and growth to remain good. Are you seeing that how are you seeing January? Has that continued to be strong because we obviously saw a bigger pick up later in fourth quarter. Is that continuing in these first couple, three weeks?
John Turner: Yeah. Pipelines are still good. Customers are optimistic. The, they are, I think, hopeful that we'll see trends continue. They're prepared to make investments. Investments are still constrained in some measure by some uncertainty and by shortage of labor in a lot of cases. But we do have there are a lot of customers who are actively looking at investment and want to expand their balance sheets, invest in businesses. And the same is true of consumers who are spending. And so we do expect to continue to see loan growth.
Operator: Your final question is from the line of the Jennifer Demba with Truist Securities.
John Turner: Good morning, Jennifer.
Jennifer Demba: Good morning. Could you just talk about your interest now and, and more non-bank acquisitions and, and where, if, if that's still the case where, where your interest lies, where, where the strongest interest lies terms of revenue diversification.
John Turner: Yeah. So we're, we do continue to have an interest in non-bank acquisitions. We'd like to, I think, continue to add to some of the consumer lending capabilities that we have acquired. If those opportunities arise, invest in capital markets that I think that got a nice return on those investments and been able to leverage those new capabilities to expand relationships. We're interested in opportunities within wealth management, always looking to acquire mortgage servicing rights, if those are available and to potentially add to our mortgage business. So those would be a couple of areas where we would make investment.
Jennifer Demba: Great. Thanks so much
Operator: Thank you. I will turn the call back over to John Turner for closing remarks.
John Turner: Okay. Well, thank you. We are awfully proud of 2021 and all that our associates have accomplished. During some very challenging times staying focused on our customers on each other, investing in our communities. We think we are carrying a lot of momentum into 2022 very optimistic about the prospects of a, of emerging and good strong economy. And so appreciate your interest and support. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Shelby. Welcome to Regions third quarter 2021 earnings call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding the earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer, are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. We're very pleased with our performance this quarter as we achieved earnings of $624 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.65. Adjusted pre-tax, pre-provision income increased 4% sequentially, and we generated year-to-date positive operating leverage. Our ability to keep the momentum going and deliver solid third quarter results comes from three primary factors. First, we continue to benefit from our growing footprint. Unemployment levels are improving and most of our markets are well below the national level. People and businesses are continuing to move into our 15-state footprint and that bodes well for our growth prospects for the remainder of the year and into 2022. We'll continue to make strategic investments in core and growth markets where we can grow new customers and deepen existing relationships. On that note, we're also pleased to share that year-to-date, net account growth has exceeded account growth for the preceding three years combined. Second, credit quality has demonstrated incredible resiliency and continues to exceed our expectations. Businesses across all industries have found ways to adapt and prosper despite ongoing supply chain and labor issues, and consumers continue to cautiously manage their finances. Overall, we feel very good about the health of our business and consumer customers. Third, we continue to take advantage of opportunities to invest in talent, technology and capabilities to support growth. For instance, earlier this month, we closed our acquisition of EnerBank, a leading home improvement point-of-sale lender, a key part of our strategy to serve as a premier lender to homeowners. We also entered into an agreement to acquire Sabal Capital Partners. Sabal has a strong reputation and proprietary technology platform that will expand our real estate capital markets capabilities. Once the transition is complete, we expect to be a top five bank agency producer. The EnerBank and Sabal acquisitions complement our existing portfolio price and capabilities in the consumer and corporate bank. We will continue to evaluate prudent non-bank M&A opportunities that will allow us to expand our products and services and enhance our relevancy with our customers. Also, we recently launched our bank-owned certified Now Checking account. This new product has all the benefits of a traditional checking account without the concern of overdraft fees. And finally, our investments in digital and data are positioning us for growth. Through a technology-enabled seamless experience in branches and across all platforms, customers are responding to the personalized service, advice and guidance they receive from Regions. Today, more than two-thirds of our customer transactions are digital. Further, over the last two years, active mobile banking users are up 23% and notably, Zelle transactions have more than tripled. We feel really good about our progress and momentum. We operate in some of the best markets in the country, have a solid strategic plan, an outstanding team and the experience to compete effectively. We focus every day on delivering products and services that are valued by our customers, while continuing to support our communities and provide an appropriate return to our shareholders. Now, David will provide you with some details regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet. Adjusted average and ending loans increased approximately 1% during the quarter, although business loans continue to be impacted by low utilization rates and excess liquidity pipelines have surpassed pre-pandemic levels. In addition, production remained strong, with line of credit commitments increasing $2 billion year-to-date. Consumer loans reflected another strong quarter of mortgage production, accompanied by modest growth in credit card. However, consumer loans remain negatively impacted by exit portfolios and further pay-downs in home equity. Overall, we continue to expect full year 2021 adjusted average loan balances to be down by low single digits compared to 2020, although we expect adjusted ending loans to grow by low single digits. With respect to loan guidance, we are not including any impacts from our EnerBank acquisition, which closed on October 1 and resulted in the addition of $3.1 billion in loan balances that will benefit the fourth quarter and beyond. So, lets turn to deposits. Although the pace of deposit growth has slowed, balances continued to increase this quarter to new record levels. The increase is primarily due to higher account balances. However, as John mentioned, we are also producing strong new account growth. We are continuing to analyze probable future deposit behavior. And based on analysis of pandemic-related deposit inflow characteristics, we currently believe approximately 30% or $10 billion to $12 billion of deposit increases can be used to support longer-term growth through the rate cycle. Additional portions of the deposit increases could persist on the balance sheet but are likely to be more rate-sensitive. Lets shift to net interest income and margin. Pandemic-related items continue to impact net interest income and margin. Net interest income from PPP loans decreased $12 million from the prior quarter but is expected to pick up in the fourth quarter. Cash averaged $25 billion during the quarter and, when combined with PPP, reduced third quarter reported margin by 54 basis points. Excluding excess cash and PPP, net interest income grew almost 1.5% linked quarter and our adjusted margin was essentially stable at 3.30%. This reflects strengthening loan growth as well as active balance sheet management efforts despite a near-zero short-term rate environment. Similar to prior quarters, the impact on NII from historically low long-term interest rates was completely offset by balance sheet management strategies, lower deposit cost, and higher hedging income. During the third quarter, we repositioned an additional $5 billion of received fixed swaps. Were short in the maturities from 2026 to late 2022. The repositioning locked in the associated gains that will be amortized over the remaining life of the interest rate swaps and will allow for more NII expansion when rates are projected to increase. Further, with the inclusion of EnerBanks fixed rate loan portfolio, less hedges will be needed to protect NII and the net interest margin profile from falling rates. The accumulative value created from our hedging program is approximately $1.6 billion, roughly 75% of that amount has either been recognized or is locked into future earnings from hedge terminations, reflecting the dynamic management of our hedging strategy. Excluding EnerBank and PPP, adjusted net interest income should be relatively stable in the fourth quarter after excluding the non-recurring interest recovery in the third quarter. Including PPP and the EnerBank acquisition linked quarter net interest income is expected to grow between 5% and 6% in the fourth quarter. As illustrated on the slide over a longer horizon, a strengthening economy, the ability to benefit from higher rates and organic and strategic balance sheet growth are expected to ultimately drive net interest income growth. Now let's take a look at fee revenue and expense. Adjusted non-interest income increased 8% from the prior quarter, primarily attributable to strong capital markets activity including record loan syndication revenue and solid M&A advisory fees. We expect capital markets to remain strong in the fourth quarter, generating revenue in the $60 million to $70 million range, excluding the impact of CVA and DVA. We will provide more specificity regarding 2022 expectations in January. Other noninterest income also increased during the quarter due to an increase in the value of certain equity investments, as well as increased gains associated with the sale of certain small dollar equipment loans and leases. Mortgage income decreased quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to mortgage servicing rights valuation adjustments, partially offset by improved secondary market gains. Service charges remained relatively stable compared to the prior quarter, but we continue to expect they will remain 10% to 15% below pre-pandemic levels. We attribute the decline to changes in customer behavior, as well as customer benefits from enhancements to our overdraft practices, including transaction posting order. Card and ATM fees remain stable compared to the second quarter. Debit and credit card spend remain above pre-pandemic levels as we continue to benefit from elevated account growth and increased economic activity in our footprint. Given the timing of interest rate declines in 2020 and excluding the fourth quarter benefit from our InterBank acquisition, we expect 2021 adjusted total revenue to be up modestly compared to the prior year. But this will ultimately be dependent on the timing and amount of PPP loan forgiveness. Let's move on to noninterest expense. Adjusted noninterest expenses increased 3% in the quarter as higher salary and benefits and professional and legal fees were offset by a decline in marketing expenses. Salaries and benefits increased 4% primarily due to higher variable based compensation associated with elevated fee income as well as one additional day in the third quarter. Associate head count also increased by 149 positions during the quarter with the vast majority of those within revenue producing businesses. Further, exceptional performance, particularly in credit, is also contributing to higher incentive compensation. We will continue to prudently manage expenses while investing in technology, products and people to grow our business. Excluding approximately $35 million of core run rate expenses associated with our fourth quarter EnerBank acquisition, we expect adjusted non-interest expenses to be up modestly compared to 2020, and we remain committed to generating positive operating leverage over time. From an asset quality standpoint, we delivered an exceptionally strong quarter as overall credit continues to perform better than expected, reflecting continued broad-based improvement across virtually all portfolios and continued recoveries associated with strong collateral asset values. Annualized net charge-offs decreased 9 basis points during the quarter to 14 basis points, representing the company's lowest level on record post our 2006 merger of Equals. In addition to lower charge offs, non-performing loans and business services criticized loans also improved while total delinquencies remained unchanged during the quarter. Our allowance for credit losses declined 20 basis points to 1.8% of total loans and 283% of total non-accrual loans. Excluding PPP loans, our allowance for credit losses was 1.83%. The decline in the allowance reflects better-than-expected credit trends and the continued constructive outlook on the economy. The allowance reduction resulted in a $155 million benefit to the provision. Future levels of the allowance will depend on the timing of charge-offs, greater certainty with respect to the resolution of remaining risks to credit losses, as well as the integration of EnerBank. Year-to-date net charge-offs are 25 basis points and we expect full-year 2021 net charge-offs to approximate that same level, which includes the impact of EnerBank and excludes the benefits of any future recoveries that may occur. With respect to capital, our common equity Tier 1 ratio increased approximately 40 basis points to an estimated 10.8% this quarter. As previously noted, we continue to prioritize the utilization of our capital for organic growth and on bank acquisitions like EnerBank and Sabal that propel future growth. Beyond that, we'll use share repurchases to manage our capital levels. Share repurchases were temporarily paused ahead of the EnerBank closing, which absorbed approximately $1 billion of capital in the fourth quarter. We anticipate being back in the repurchase market this quarter and expect to manage common equity Tier 1 to the midpoint of our 9.25% to 9.75% operating range by year end. So, wrapping up on the next slide, our 2021 expectations which we've already addressed. In summary, we are very pleased with our third quarter results and are poised for growth as economic recovery continues. Pre-tax pre-provision income remains strong, expenses are well-controlled, credit quality is outperforming expectations, capital and liquidity are solid, and we are optimistic about the pace of the economic recovery in our markets. With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities.
John Turner: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Winter: Good morning. I wanted to ask about the loan growth, and I was wondering if you could just talk about where the loan growth was coming from on the commercial side and is it more a function of the new account growth that you're seeing?
John Turner: Yeah. So I'd say a couple of things. First of all, we are beginning to see a little improvement in line utilization in line utilization. Line utilization was up 30 basis points in the quarter, and that trend is continuing through the first couple of weeks of the fourth quarter. Production is up to levels consistent with pre-pandemic levels, so essentially two times what we were experiencing about a year ago. Commitments are up by over $2 billion, and that's largely the result of new relationships that we're adding resulting from disruption in markets that we're operating in and talent we've been able to acquire. Growth is occurring in some of our specialized industry businesses; transportation, healthcare, financial services, technology and defense are all generating and finding new opportunities, and our pipelines are again back at pre-pandemic levels and 2 times essentially what they were about a year ago. So good activity despite labor shortages, supply chain issues constraining the economy a bit, our markets are doing well. Our customers have a positive outlook on the economy and the future. And as a result, we are beginning to experience some loan growth and feel good about the prospects for 2022.
Peter Winter: Great. That's helpful. I wanted to ask about deposit betas. In your asset sensitivity model, can you just talk about what you're assuming for deposit betas today versus how that compares to last time the Fed was raising rates?
David Turner: Well, Peter, it's David. So our deposit betas would have been kind of through the cycle last time kind of upper 30s, 40% range, maybe a little above that. And right now, what we're trying to gauge is the surge deposits that we had some $35 billion to $36 billion of surge deposits where we said 30% of those we think can be put to work. The other 70% is likely to either run off or come at a much higher cost. When you think about the 70% of surge deposits, that beta is going to be substantially higher than our core. We would peg that closer to 75% on that component part. But just remember, when  in the last rate cycle, we were one of the lowest deposit betas, and that's the value of our franchise, low-cost, low volatile deposit side and were looking to extract value out of as we get a more normal rate environment.
Peter Winter: Got it. Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
John Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
John Turner: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. David, I just wanted to ask you to expand a little bit more on your  just how you're thinking about that long-term repositioning. I saw in the deck that you've now walked in or realized 75%. And so theres always a back and forth here between keeping that income and positioning for higher rates. So as you think forward and as we get closer to hopeful rates going up, what do you  where do you want to be positioned at that point in terms of the asset sensitivity profile?
David Turner: Well, so our goal is never really to take a lot of interest rate risk and try to win because we've taken big bets. We're trying to gauge where we think rates are going to be. Obviously in 2018, we anticipated rates declining. We put on our forward starting swaps to protect us in the down rate. As we get more confidence that the economy can reopen and that the Fed is likely to raise rates, we want to take some of that protection off which we've done, and that's what the repositioning of the $5 billion did. Today, we have about $20 billion of notional protection, received fixed swaps, in particular. We have some others in floors. But for the most part, they're in swap form. And that protection goes through 2022 where we start gauging the fact that there's a little bit more probability of rates starting to rise towards the end of 2022. And we want to participate in that, that rate environment. So our slide on Page 8 was trying to demonstrate how we hand off from the protection that we have in the low rate environment to let the rates carry us up as the swaps either terminate on their own or because we terminated them as we did with the $5 billion. We locked in that gain and will enjoy that benefit through the remainder of the swap period.
Ken Usdin: Yeah. Great. That is a good new slide. And just on EnerBank to that point about it, can you just help us understand like what you think originations could be as you look forward to the next couple of years, like what the pace of origination could look like? I know it's going to depend on the environment. But it seems like you can definitely continue to take share as you build that book up.
David Turner: Sure. So as we've discussed before, that industry is about $175 billion industry annual production each year, very fragmented. EnerBank represented  had represented about 1% of that or call it $1.7 billion of production. I think the top five players in the industry account for rate at 10% of the industry. So it's a  there's a great opportunity for us to really leverage their technology. And we think we can grow that faster than they did. But right now, we're looking at least having that kind of production of $1.7 billion on top of that. If you look at the yield on the portfolio today, you didn't ask this question, but I might add to just so you understand  everybody understands that the yield on that is right at, call it, 6% because of the  we had to mark that $3.1 billion book to market. So we don't get the fee that's paid by the dealer, which is deferred and amortized as a yield adjustment over time. Our new production, on the other hand, will get that. And so you're looking at going from a 6% to 9%, 9.5% yield on the new production. If we could start growing that just a little bit faster than they have, we're going to  this is going to be a nice growth engine for us. And that's what we try to depict a bit on Slide 8.
Ken Usdin: Perfect. Thanks, David.
David Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jennifer Demba of Truist Securities.
John Turner: Good morning.
Jennifer Demba: Good morning. Thanks. So a question for you, on one of the slides, you have a comparison of your loan growth over the last several years versus your peers, which is substantially below your peers. I wanted to know where you want to have it. Are you happy with the level of loan growth that you produced over those years or would you like it to be a little stronger while still maintaining lower loan losses?
David Turner: Yeah. So you're referring to Slide 21, Jennifer. This is David. And, no, we aren't interested in being second to slowest growing on as depicted on the page. What we're trying to demonstrate is we had a shift strategically several years ago to focus on improving our risk adjusted return on capital because we think that's what shareholders wanted. We've gone from second to last in terms of return on tangible common equity. We'll see where we finish, but it'll be four, number four or five this year. And so it's worked and we've reduced our risk profile dramatically over time.  So we've exited businesses. So an example would be our auto businesses. We've gotten out of loan-only relationships that didn't give us the full relationship value that we need and want and where we weren't being paid for the risks that we were taking and things like real estate. So we did  we've had this massive shift and we've worked through virtually all of that. There's always areas to prune, but we're ready to leverage our markets. We're in fabulous markets that we think are going to grow faster than most every part of the country. And so, as we  the economy continues to reopen. We have the liquidity and the capital to put to work. And we'd much rather do that by our stock back. And so, I think, you know, we're looking at improve our loan growth quite substantially relative to what you see on page 21.
John Turner: Yeah. And I would just add, I mean, I think we've been pretty consistent to say that we expect over time assuming that we're not working through exit portfolios and other things to grow at the rate of the economy as the economy grows, plus a modest amount given the competitive position we have in a lot of markets that we operate in. We only get a little more than our fair share, but I don't expect us to grow at an outsized rate relative to the economy. Over time, there will be periods of time when we can. But in general, we want to grow with the economy possible and manage our business and a sound profitable way that produces consistent, sustainable and resilient outcomes for our shareholders.
Jennifer Demba: Okay. Second question is on capital markets. You said it's going to be probably $60 million, $70 million in fourth quarter. What do you think the revenue opportunity for that business is for Regions over time? I mean, what inning are you in terms of growing the business line?
John Turner: Well, it continues to evolve. If you go back to 2014, when we began to emphasize the importance of capital markets and began to acquire and develop capabilities to serve our customers, it really was making very, very modest, almost normal contribution to the company. And that's obviously changed over the last seven years as we've continued to make investments in the business. We've acquired talent, new capabilities, we've acquired businesses and we'll continue to do that. I dont know that theres an upward limit on what the contribution can be. Were certainly very satisfied with the results we've achieved to-date. We've announced earlier this year that we've been approved for a Freddie license to go with our Fanny DUS license. The acquisition of Sabal, which is a fee based generating business brings with it additional HUD capabilities, small balance Fannie and Freddie capabilities to enhance our ability to generate replacement revenue. We're looking at other opportunities within capital markets to make acquisitions, so we're going to continue to make investments there. We know that our customers have needs and we want to make sure that we have the capability to meet those needs. I would expect that capital markets contribution to non-interest revenue and to the overall profitability of the company will continue to grow over time. I don't see a particular upward limit on that.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Dave Rochester of Compass Point.
Dave Rochester: Hey, good morning. I just wanted to hit capital real quick. I mean, it sounds like you're poised for a pretty sizable buyback this quarter if you're going to wrap up the year at CET-1 of 9.5%. So I just wanted to confirm that that's what you're seeing. And if you could give a rough range around what that could look like from a dollar perspective, that'd be great.
John Turner: Well, so we're at 10-8 on common equity Tier 1. Just to remind you, we're going to use about a billion dollars of that in the purchase of EnerBank which closed October the 1. So that's a 1 percentage point. So now you're 9-8. Now you have to put your mind to what we're going to earn back out to dividend and that's the capital we have left to either A; Invest, John talked about Subal, our capital partners as a place to use some of that capital. We have other nonbank things were working on. And we are going to prioritize investments in those nonbank acquisitions before our share repurchase. That being said, our goal is to be at 9.5 by year-end. So, if we don't get a particular deal closed during the quarter, then well buy our stock back, because we think 9.5 is an optimum level for our risk profile that we have in the company.
Dave Rochester: Okay. Appreciate that. And then maybe just switching to the liquidity strategy. It sounds like you've got a lot of momentum on the loan growth front, so some of this will obviously go towards funding that, but you still have what seems like a lot of excess cash on the balance sheet. So, I was just wondering if you could talk about how the back up in interest rates that we've seen recently may have impacted how you're thinking about growing that security flows, if at all. And where you're seeing reinvestment rates today and what you're buying.
John Turner: Yeah. So, I would grant you we've gotten a better position today than we did at the end of last quarter. But were sitting today or at least right now at 166-10. We would had hoped that, that would be closer to 2% before we started to redeploy some of that excess cash, because you're just not being paid appropriately for the duration right now. So, our securities  the cash flows we put to work today are going on in a 130-140 spot and they're coming off at about 170 to 180. We acknowledge we have a lot of cash. We just right now, want to be patient, because we think there. If we're patient enough, there's going to be a better opportunity to put that cash to work. What we don't want to do is stretch trying to make a short term gain and really get ourselves in a pickle because we're upside down in the trade and that's just not who we are. So, being patient, I think, is our best game right now.
Dave Rochester: Okay. Maybe one just  one last one on the funding side. I know you guys have already made a lot of headway on reducing the high-rate borrowings you have. I was just wondering if you see any other opportunities worth mentioning to do that over 2022.
John Turner: We really  we really don't. We challenge ourselves all the time and one never knows. I mean, this is  when you have a volatile rate environment, things  opportunities can present themselves as we did last  I mean, this quarter, where we took some expensive debt out. We don't really see that opportunity right now, but we'll keep an eye on it. And if there's a trade there that makes sense for us, wed do it.
Dave Rochester: All right. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hey. Good morning. Okay, I have a really basic question around just the loan sales that you did, I think, in the quarter. And I know that a lot of what you're investing is in driving future loan growth, so I was a little surprised to see that. Maybe you could give me some color as to what youre doing there.
John Turner: Yeah. Betsy, I wouldn't get to -- this was not that large. There were some loans that were certainly sitting in Ascentium Capital that didn't really meet our risk profile, that didn't just wasn't the type of credit we really wanted to have. We had a pretty good bid. We tapped the bid. We made $3 million, so it wasn't all that dramatic. But that's why we did it. If we see things from time to time that we want to offload from a credit risk management standpoint, we'll do it.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And so, the follow-up here is regarding the underlying growth that you see ex-PPP in the C&I and the CRE box. And we know about the supply chain constraints and all of that, but we see some nice growth in some of the services businesses. Maybe you give us a sense as to where there's an opportunity to deliver on accelerating loan growth as this PPP rolls off or is this current level of non-PPP in C&I and CRE likely just go sideways from here? Just any color there would be helpful.
John Turner: I think we expect expansion, Betsy. I mean, we're  again, we've seen an increase in unfunded commitments with customers who are contemplating either expanding their business, making investments, and other things that would result in growth and loan growth across multiple industries. Similarly, historically, we're going to run in about a 45% rate of line utilization. We ended the quarter just below 40%. And we're, as I said earlier, beginning  we are continuing to see a little bit of increase through the start of the fourth quarter. So, our expectation is that that we will experience loan growth across our books of business in the wholesale business in 2022 as labor becomes more available, supply chain issues begin to work themselves out, and customers can put additional capital to work.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then when you think about the consumer side of the book, what's your take on that?
John Turner: We also think there's a lot of opportunity there and we talked about EnerBank and our focus on lending around the homeowner. We hadn't talked a lot about strategically why that's important to us, but we know that homeowners maintain 75% higher on average deposit balances. They use more financial services on average deposit balances. They use more financial services, which result in homeowners providing 62% to 63% more revenue-generating opportunities because they have more basic financial needs. And so our focus on mortgage, on HELOC and on point-of-sale lending to the homeowner, we think, is a really important strategic initiative. We see EnerBank in particular as an opportunity to grow our consumer lending business; also expect some expansion in card. And related to other activities we have, we think that consumer business will grow again in 2022 and beyond.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thanks.
David Turner: Hey, Betsy. This is David. I need to clean up one of my  I told you the gain on sale was $3 million. That number should be closer to $10 million. So I just want to make sure that got corrected.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: David, coming back to your comments about deposit betas, can you share with us that 70% of the surge that you've put a higher deposit beta on? What gives you the confidence to say that maybe those deposits aren't as sticky as that other 30%? And second, what would make you or not make you, but what would give you confidence to lower that deposit beta on that 70%? What do you need to see that maybe have a different expectation as we look out over the next 24 months?
David Turner: Well, the biggest driver is about the 30%. So what we've done is we've captured the nature of those deposits and the types of accounts that those deposits have gone in. And we've looked at history, and the nature of the deposit categories implied, some would be retained longer than others. If we miss it, we get that we will capture more of that 70% than we're thinking. If we started to see in our discussions with our commercial customers in particular that they want to maintain higher levels of liquidity than we think they will that would be an indicator of being able to put some of that 70% to work longer. We think we're being conservative with that level, but we just need to see how the economy continues to improve. We need to have good conversations with our customers about how they're thinking about it. And there's still uncertainty out there. So, most of the surge is going to be run off is related to business services versus consumer.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. I appreciate the color there. And then the second  and I know a number of variables in your answer to this question, you talked about a moment ago not wanting to extend outside cash on the balance sheet, which was understandable. You talked about your margin, how it's being negatively affected by this excess liquidity. So, the question is, what are you  what type of rate environment do you need to see where that margin degradation is eliminated from your liquidity or is it loan growth where you could reposition some of that liquidity into loans, and therefore reducing it, and at the same time driving up the yields in the portfolio?
David Turner: Yeah. It's important. Just strategically, we use our investment portfolios as a  to manage our liquidity, not to drive yield. We don't have a lot of credit risk and our investment portfolio is lower than most peers and we've neutralized really the short-term impacts of rates. What we want to do is get back to when our business is taking deposits, making loans. And we think we're in great shape and great markets to really leverage that liquidity into loan growth. Thats where the driver of improvement the margin will be. We've stabilized our margin for the most part, ex-PPP in cash at 3.30. And we think that over time, obviously we can grow that and get back to a much higher margin over time. An example of that is we're going to spend  we have $3 billion of EnerBank loans that we're booking in the first quarter. As I mentioned, that has a carry of about6% on them. And our new production, consumer guys will add on in a year of $1.7 billion plus, we'll have closer to 9%. So that and our Ascentium acquisition which is also fixed rate is performing extremely well. We just continue to just stick to our knitting and execute our plan and our margin will move accordingly, and so will NII.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: On the M&A side, I know you mentioned it a couple of times in terms of non-bank interest, particularly in your capital discussion, maybe can you just elaborate a little bit around the non-bank areas that you're interested in specifically, and then maybe if you can also talk about potential whole bank deal interest as well? Thanks.
John Turner: Yeah. So with respect to non-bank, weve obviously been active, particularly in the capital market space. Within capital markets, announced the ball. We want to continue to add to our capabilities, whether it be an M&A or in providing access to capital markets to our commercial customers through a variety of different platforms. We dont have anything specifically in mind, but we're always looking for opportunities. Mortgage servicing rights has been an area where we've been acquisitive and we want to continue to be. Wealth management, we think there are potentially some opportunities, although lately multiples have been awfully rich. But we want to continue to look for ways to grow that business and other fee income-generating businesses that we think allow us to grow and diversify revenue and importantly provide capabilities to customers. With respect to bank M&A, I think we've been consistent in saying that bank M&A is not a strategic priority. We think that bank M&A can be very disruptive. We have a solid plan. We want to continue to focus on executing our plan. The economics of bank M&A have not looked terribly favorable in the past given where our stock traded, continue to experience improvements. So that changes the economics. We revisit the idea with our board every year as part of our strategic planning process and just come to the conclusion that we think we can generate top quartile returns for our shareholders by being focused on executing our plan, active in the nonbank M&A space. And so whole bank M&A has just not been a priority for us.
David Turner: And, John, this is David. I'll add to the nonbank deal. So, as I mentioned, the prioritization to really focus our capital allocation on growing our bank, the corporate development group works with each of our segment leaders to identify capabilities that they would like to have, companies that they have products and services that we'd love to have to serve our customers. It's interesting after you do a couple of deals that we've had, you get into the deal flow a little bit more than you would before, and so we get more opportunities. We're going to be prudent about that capital allocation there and make sure things are really accretive for our shareholders as we seek to grow our business, and ultimately our risk adjusted returns.
John Pancari: Great. Thanks, David. And then on the capital markets business specifically, I know  given that you're still investing in that business heavily, what is  and but also given the size it is now, what is the efficiency ratio you're achieving or the comp ratio that you're seeing in that business right now?
John Turner: Well, capital markets is full of about four or five different sub businesses. Some of them have quite nice  nicely up efficiency ratios; others are not so high. We don't really think of it that way. We think of it as much as the capability we need to have that leverages all the other things that we're doing in our business services segment. So, we really look at that together. Fee-based businesses generally are as efficient, but that's okay. And I think as long as they're complementary and we're making sure we're as efficient in delivering those products and services, then we'll be okay. And if you look at our efficiency ratio over time, you know, this quarter were the second best in terms of efficiency ratio at 56.6% and looking to improve that over time, even though we're adding some of these other businesses are less efficient.
John Pancari: Yes. Got it. If I could ask one more related thing just about on the comp expense linked quarter, up $14 million. I know on slide 10, you indicated that the performance of the fee business was part of that, plus the day count. How much of that quarter increase was purely from the fee performance?
John Turner: So our year-to-date, our base salary number is down. Quarter-to-quarter, our base salaries were up just marginally. Most of that was really driven by incentives. And we also had about $5 million in the salary benefit line relation  related to the HR asset valuation that offset expense  offset income, about $5 million. I think if you look through the slide, you'll see that. So you need to break that out, too, or deduct that too.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Slide 8 has a medium-term potential, not just income growth but I think its really helpful and all the drivers and a lot of that has been touched on the call here. If we were to think about how that might look for fees and expenses, any thoughts on that, either big picture or box some numbers around it?
John Turner: Well, you're getting ahead of us a little bit, Matt. We're going to give you good numbers on that in January in terms of what the next few years are. Kind of as you wrap up the expense tied to all this revenue change, our  we've steadily been committed to positive operating leverage and we've done a really good job of controlling our expense base. We've been around 1% compound annual growth rate on expenses over the last four or five years. We are seeing a bit of inflation that'll impact us some and our industry, we suspect, in 2022. We've got to find ways to overcome it. And so we'll give you exactly what that commitment is in January. But the bottom line is we're growing our business. We're going to grow revenue. We're going to work on controlling our expenses and improving returns over time.
Matt O'Connor: And then I guess in fees, maybe specifically there, you've talked about a couple of bigger categories in terms of service charges as well as the capital market, but anything else to comment on kind of be in terms of those categories like card and payments and
John Turner: Yeah, I think if you go down a couple line items, the card and ATM fees continue to grow nicely for us. We're up some 12% year-over-year. A big part of that is volume is up. Volume is up because there's more transactions per owner and we have more owners. You have more  when you grow checking accounts, this is what you get. You get usage, in particular debit card usage for us. And so that's why we get so fixated on making sure the investments we make in the faster-growing markets really help us grow customers and it's paying off. So you see it in the card and ATM fees. We've added wealth advisors to help us grow wealth management income. You can see we're up almost 12% year-over-year. And now a part of that is driven by the market. Market's had a nice run too. And then mortgage income, mortgage has been a little volatile. We've had nice production this year and this past quarter. But 2022 is probably not going to be as strong as it was in 2021 and 2020. Now we said that for 2021 relative to 2020, and we've had a really nice year. So who knows? But just proud of the fact that we've got a lot of different noninterest revenue sources that work in multiple different economies and rate environment. And our goal is again to continue to grow our total revenue, control expenses and control credit, and we have nice returns to the shareholders.
Operator: Your final question is from David Konrad of KBW.
David Konrad: Good morning. I had a follow-up question on the securities portfolio, and thanks for the color on the front book, back book. But it looks like securities yields actually went up a couple of basis points this quarter. So, curious if that was lower bond premium amortization and maybe the future benefits of higher rates that you could draw from lower expense there.
John Turner: Yeah. I mean, premium amortization is about $50 million. We've benefited a little bit from that. We think next quarter could be a tad lower than that. So just around the edges, we could see some improvements there. My whole point on that was we're just not going to take the risk to juice a quarter or six months. We really want to invest for the long haul and we just don't see putting our cash to work more than we have. Now we get a different rate environment. We get a little steepness of the yield curve where we get paid for the risk and we might change our mind.
David Konrad: And any color and would bond premium amortization was looking back in 2019? Was it significantly lower than $50 million or is it not that material?
John Turner: Yeah. I don't remember the numbers off the top of my head. We were closer to the $40 million per quarter range. But I had  I had committed that memory.
Operator: There are no further questions.
John Turner: Great. Okay. Well, thank you. Appreciate it. We're really proud of the results that we reported this quarter. I think what you see is a reflection of a lot of important decisions we've made over the last few years to strengthen our business to build a bank that's going to be more consistently performing, resilient, generates sustainable returns, and so we expect to experience more of that in the coming quarters. Appreciate your interest in our company. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Shelby. Welcome to Regions' second quarter 2021 earnings call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding the quarter. Earnings documents which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A. I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana and thank you for joining our call today. We are pleased with our performance this quarter and importantly, we're beginning to see increased activity across our footprint. It gives us greater confidence for overall growth in the second half of the year. Earlier this morning, we reported earnings of $748 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.77. Credit quality at Regions and across the industry has demonstrated remarkable resiliency throughout the pandemic. Broadly speaking, since the pandemic began, I believe, banks have done a tremendous job, staying close to customers and supporting their needs by providing capital advice and guidance. As that begun to trap our footprint again and meet with customers, I see them gaining confidence in the economic recovery and their own business plans. I was seeing the strength of our markets first hand. This combined with the ongoing successful execution of our strategic plan has positioned Regions well for growth as the economic recovery continues. We remain focused on client selectivity, risk-adjusted returns and capital allocation, all while making investments particularly in talent and technology to support growth. For example, over the last year, we redesigned our mobile app and are continuing to make further enhancements to both our online and mobile platforms. We digitized the sales process. You can now apply for almost any consumer banking product online. We're putting digital tools in the hands of our bankers and contact center associates allowing customers to start a process in one channel and seamlessly transition to another. We now have e-signature capabilities across most of the franchise. As a result of all of these changes, year-to-date, digital sales are up 53% over the prior year. We have also leveraged artificial intelligence to build lead generation and next best action tools for our bankers. We're also utilizing Artificial Intelligence in our contact centers. Reggie, our virtual banker is on pace to handle over 1 million customer calls this year. Technology investments have also allowed nearly 100% of our contact center associates to work remotely providing permanent cost savings from reductions in legacy corporate space. In addition, over the last three years, we've increased mortgage loan originators by approximately 150 and we continue to add talent as we grow market share. We've also added approximately 80 client-facing associates across the corporate bank and wealth management with a particular focus on growth markets. We've consolidated over 215 branches while opening 75 De Novo branches, primarily within dense fast growing markets. These new branches have contributed almost 20% of our total retail checking account growth over the last three years. We're also investing in products and capabilities to serve our customers. In wealth management, we deepened our expertise in the not-for-profit and healthcare space, through the acquisition of Highland Associates, and we're working on a digital advisory solution with deployment targeted for late this year or early next. Last year, we purchased Ascentium Capital to help small businesses with their essential equipment needs and the platform has performed well throughout the pandemic. On the consumer side, we just announced an agreement to acquire EnerBank, a top 5 originator in the home improvement point-of-sale space, which we're really excited about. Going forward, we'll continue to look for bolt-on acquisitions that provide products and capabilities that are important to our customers. Win some really great markets as reflected on this slide, you see now. These markets, coupled with our go-to-market strategy and aided by technology investments have helped us realize some really nice growth in consumer checking accounts. Our year-to-date account growth is nearly 3 times higher than our 2019 pre-pandemic rate for the same period. So we have a really solid strategic plan that supports our goal of generating consistent, sustainable long-term performance and we have a proven track record of successful execution. We feel very good about our progress and believe, we are really well positioned to grow as the economic recovery continues to gain momentum in our markets. Now, David will provide you with some details regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet. Average adjusted loans remained stable during the quarter, although adjusted ending loans increased 1%, confirming our view that loan growth should begin in the back half of the year. Although corporate loans continue to be impacted by low utilization rates and excess liquidity, pipelines have now surpassed pre-pandemic levels, production remained strong with new and renewed commitments increasing 33% compared to first quarter and we believe utilization rates reached an inflection point during the quarter. On a reported basis, average corporate loans increased while ending loans declined reflecting an acceleration in PPP forgiveness late in the quarter. Through June 30, approximately 53% of total PPP loans have been forgiven and we anticipate that reaching approximately 80% by year end. Consumer loans reflected another strong quarter of mortgage production accompanied by modest ending growth in credit card. However consumer loans continue to be negatively impacted by run-off portfolios and further pay downs in home equity. Overall, we continue to expect full year 2021 adjusted average loan balances to be down by low single digits compared to 2020, although we expect adjusted ending loans to grow by low single digits. With respect to loan guidance and the rest of our 2021 expectations, we are not including any impacts from our pending EnerBank acquisition. So, let's turn to deposits. Although, the pace of deposit growth has slowed, balances continue to increase this quarter to new record levels. The increase was primarily due to higher account balances. However, as John mentioned, we're also producing strong new account growth.  We are continuing to analyze probable future deposit behavior and based on analysis of pandemic-related deposit inflow characteristics, we currently believe between 20% and 30% of deposit increases will likely persist on the balance sheet. Broadly speaking, we think liquidity will normalize over time as the Fed becomes less accommodative. Reductions in their asset purchases will mitigate future liquidity increases in the system, which should curve further deposit growth. Let's shift to net interest income and margin, which remain a significant source of stability for Regions. Pandemic-related items continue to impact NII and margin. PPP related NII increased $3 million from the prior quarter. Cash averaged $23 billion during the quarter, and when combined with PPP, reduce second quarter reported margin by 50 basis points. Excluding excess cash and PPP, our adjusted margin was 3.31%, evidencing active balance sheet management efforts despite a near zero short-term rate environment. The 9 basis point linked quarter decline was mostly attributable to the purchase of $2 billion of securities and one additional day in the quarter, both of which support NII at the expense of margin. Similar to prior quarters, the impact on NII from historically low long-term interest rates was completely offset by balance sheet management strategies, lower deposit costs and higher hedging income. Lower LIBOR drove a $2 million increase from loan hedges, and at current rate levels, we expect roughly $105 million of hedge -related interest income each quarter until the hedges begin to mature in 2023. Since the beginning of 2021, we have repositioned a total of $6.3 billion of cash flow swaps and floors. We do not currently expect any further repositioning, however, this is continually evaluated in the context of a dynamic balance sheet.  Our current balance sheet profile allows us to support our goal of consistent sustainable earnings growth. Specifically, we are positioned to benefit from higher middle tenor [ph] interest rates and increases in short-term interest rates in the future, while protecting NII stability to the extent the Fed remains on hold longer than the market currently expects. Importantly, recent declines of longer maturity market yields have less of an impact on Regions' earnings potential as most of our fixed rate production has maturities of shorter than six years, a point on the curve that on a relative basis has fallen less. With respect to outlook, we view second quarter's NII to be the low point for the year. Over the second half and beyond, a strengthening economy, a relatively neutral impact from rates and organic and strategic balance sheet growth are expected to ultimately drive NII growth.  Before moving on, I want to highlight slide 17 through 19 in the appendix which provides additional asset liability management information that we think will be helpful to investors. Now, let's take a look at fee revenue and expense. Adjusted non-interest income decreased 6% from the prior quarter, but reflects a 5% increase compared to the second quarter of 2020. Capital markets return to a normal run rate after experiencing record results in the prior two quarters. Looking ahead, we expect capital markets to remain a strong contributor, generating quarterly revenue in the $55 million to $65 million range on average, excluding the impact of CVA and DVA. Mortgage income decreased quarter-over-quarter primarily due to the gain on sale compression and hedge performance, particularly around timing and market volatility.  We believe pricing has stabilized and expect second half revenue to be fairly consistent with that recorded during the second quarter. Wealth management income increased quarter-over-quarter reflecting strong production and favorable market conditions. Service charges also increased compared to the prior quarter driven primarily by three additional business days. While improving, we believe changes in customer behavior as well as customer benefits from enhancements to our overdraft practices and transaction posting which we have highlighted in the appendix are likely to keep service charges below pre-pandemic levels. We estimate 2021 service charges will grow compared to 2020 but remain approximately 10% to 15% below 2019 levels.  Card and ATM fees continue to benefit from increased economic activity in our footprint, reflecting strong growth, up 11% compared to the prior quarter, driven primarily by increased debit and credit card spend, both now exceeding pre-pandemic levels. Given the timing of interest rate declines in 2020 combined with exceptionally strong non-interest income we expect 2021 adjusted total revenue to be stable to up modestly compared to the prior year. But this will be dependent on the timing and amount of PPP loan forgiveness.  Let's move on to non-interest expense. While exceptionally strong performance, particularly in credit is contributing to higher than anticipated other incentive compensation, adjusted non-interest expenses decreased 3% in the quarter, driven primarily by lower capital markets incentive compensation, payroll taxes and legal and professional fees, partially offset by an increase in merit and marketing expenses. We will continue to prudently manage expenses while investing in technology, products and people to grow our business. In 2021, we expect adjusted non-interest expenses to be stable to up modestly compared to 2020 with quarterly adjusted non-interest expenses in the $880 million to $890 million range. And we remain committed to generating positive operating leverage over time. From an asset quality standpoint, we delivered strong performance as overall credit continues to perform better than expected. Reflecting broad-based improvement across most portfolios and recoveries associated with strong collateral asset values, annualized net charge-offs decreased 17 basis points during the quarter to 23 basis points. Non-performing loans, total delinquencies and business services criticized loans all improved during the quarter. Our allowance for credit losses declined 44 basis points to 2% of total loans and 253% of total non-accrual loans. Excluding PPP loans, our allowance for credit losses was 2.07%. The decline in the allowance reflects better than expected credit trends and a continued constructive outlook on the economy. The allowance reduction resulted in a net $337 million benefit to the provision. Our allowance remains above peer median as measured against period end loans or stress losses as modeled by the Federal Reserve. Future levels of the allowance will depend on the timing of charge-offs and greater certainty with respect to the path of the economic recovery. Based on improved market conditions, we now expect full year 2021 net charge-offs to range from 25 basis points to 35 basis points. With respect to capital, our common equity tier 1 ratio increased approximately 10 basis points to an estimated 10.4% this quarter. Based on the recent stress test results, our preliminary stress capital buffer requirement for the fourth quarter 2021 through the third quarter of 2022 will be 2.5%. And our common equity tier 1 operating range remains 9.25% to 9.75% with the goal of managing to the midpoint over time. We repurchased 8 million common shares during the second quarter. However, we are temporarily pausing further share repurchases until the expected EnerBank closing date in the fourth quarter. We anticipate being back in the market in the fourth quarter and expect to manage CET1 to the midpoint of our operating range by year end. Also earlier this week, our Board of Directors declared a 10% increase to our quarterly common stock dividend to $0.17 per share. So, wrapping up on the next slide are our 2021 expectations, which we've already addressed. In summary, we're very pleased with our second quarter results and are poised for growth as the economic recovery continues. Pre-tax pre-provision income remain strong. Expenses are well controlled. Credit quality is outperforming expectations. Capital and liquidity are solid, and we are optimistic about the pace of the economic recovery in our markets. With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
John Turner: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning.
John Turner: How are you?
Matt O'Connor: Good. Can you just remind us how dilutive or sorry, the impact of capital from the pending deal. I'm just trying to think of the walk on CET1 from 10.4% to 9.5% by the end of the year.
David Turner: Well, I think you can -- Matt, it's David. You could take the purchase price which is $960 million, and that's the capital we're going to use. We'll pick up a little bit of balance sheet and equity with that. So when you mean around that number, call it $1 billion, which is around numbers about 1 point.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, that's helpful. And then, just talk about some of the kind of underlying loan demand, so just saying, you've had some pockets of strength and obviously there has been some pickup in COVID cases, specifically in the Southeast. And have you seen any impact in terms of behavior of that in recent weeks.
John Turner: Yes. So maybe I'll start with the last question first. Our markets were when COVID originally impacted the economy there were some of the last to close and first to reopen. And we're really have seen the benefits of that, increasing activity, economic activity in our markets. We also are operating in markets that are, some, at least vaccinated. And so we have been at risk of some recurrence of COVID, the Delta variant is having some impact on the population, but we've not seen it necessarily impact the economy, yet. Loan growth has been broad-based. We're seeing increasing activity across virtually all of our markets. Growth has been across multiple segments, whether it'd be small business, middle market, large corporate. We're growing in many of our specialized industries businesses like healthcare, technology, financial services, transportation, same growth in asset based lending. And so pipelines are -- have definitely expanded, as I think the point was made, they exceed levels that we were experiencing at this same time in 2019 and the needs are for to support M&A activity, to support short-term working capital needs associated with expansion in businesses, growth in commodity prices. And also increasingly some fixed capital investment which I think is a very good sign and then -- and frankly is a green shoot, we've been looking for.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question...
John Turner: I should say on the -- just as a follow on the consumer side as well, we obviously had good mortgage production. We expect to begin to see some growth in card as the level of payments comes down and spend increases. So that should be positive as well.
Operator: Your next question is from Jennifer Demba of Truist Securities.
John Turner: Good morning, Jennifer.
Jennifer Demba: Good morning. Question on expenses. Just wondering how much wage pressure you're seeing? And how much you're seeing of potential coaching of your employees? I know there's a big war for talent out there right now.
David Turner: Yes, Jennifer. It's David. So from an expense standpoint, you could see our numbers, we're controlling that very well. I think it's in a day as we manage our human capital. It's providing a great place to work and we received a number of awards on that front. We're obviously in this transition period post our, I guess, still in the middle of the pandemic, but starting to return to work, but having some return to the office, I should say, we've been working the whole time, really providing some flexibility for our workforce. So I think, when you create opportunities like that, you have to pay people fair market value. We think we do that. So we haven't seen any big trends that have gone the other way, but we're cognizant of the fact that people have alternatives, when we're working at a remote environment. And I think being able to adapt to that and have flexibility, there will be a way to deal with it. So the answer I guess, short answer is, no, we haven't seen that yet.
Jennifer Demba: Are you able to -- at this point, are you able to quantify how much money you can save in the area of real estate by having a more flexible work environment or totally remote work environment for some of your employees?
David Turner: We can do some math around that, Jennifer. But it's probably a little premature to do so. We're working with a number of different opportunities. So for instance, in our contact center, we are 100% remote. And so the question is, will that remain that way. And if so, does that affect space over the long haul. That's just one example, there are going to be a number of those. I think we need to get a little more time under our belt, certainly it leads you to believe that in time, our square footage ought to come down and but I just don't know that we could quantify that at this point.
Jennifer Demba: Okay. And one more question, if I could. On your newer branches, you mentioned the amount of deposit growth, you've seen from newer branches over the last few years, what are the plans for new branches as you look ahead in next one or two years?
David Turner: I think you're going to see us continue to trend that we have -- we are going to consolidate our branches when it makes sense. We're going to make investments in markets that we think where we build out our density. And so you'll continue to see some new branches. The power of the new branches, we are really contributing disproportionately to our growth from those De Novo branches, but we also have to acknowledge the fact that we do have investments in digital are important as well. So, I think as we optimize our branch footprint, we're going to look for consolidation opportunities where we can take 2 for 1 or 3 for 1 branch consolidation where it makes sense in a given market to be as efficient as we can while maintaining access for our customers. They don't want to have them travel too far to our branches. So we're going to continue to optimize our retail network as you have seen us do overtime.
Jennifer Demba: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
John Turner: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, John. Good morning, David.
David Turner: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: David, can you share with us, when you think about you guys gave us some good data about the pressure that you're liquidity is causing on your net interest margin even when you exclude the PPP loans. Can you share with us what the reasonable amount and money or size, I should say that that liquidity should be, so how much more are you carrying today than you would be comfortable with the way your balance sheet is shaped up today? And second, how long do you think it's going to take for you to kind of win that down to that level that you think is appropriate?
David Turner: Let me start with the end of second part of the question. So as the Fed continues to be less accommodative, I think that liquidity in the system will start to go the other way. We don't expect -- we didn't expect the growth we had this past quarter. So it continues to come in, of course, we have childcare credits, things of that nature that will probably pay to the liquidity. So, we're carrying on average about $23 billion sitting at the Fed, earning 15 basis points. We'd love to redeploy that in a more meaningful manner, but sitting here where we are with the tenure and trying to invest mortgage-backed security is probably ill-advised. Normally we had been -- that number has been, call it $1 billion, maybe $2 billion in normal times. So it's a tremendous number. We do think the surge deposits that we've had this year, $30 billion, that, we think 20% to 30% of that will persist on the balance sheet as we mentioned. I have a higher beta on it but, nonetheless, the question of timing really is centered on the economic recovery. And what the Fed does with its balance sheet, and if lower rate environment, more accommodation deposits means deposit linger longer, if in fact, the economy continues to rebound, we get the virus under control, when we start seeing GDP growth, people putting their cash to work and maybe we see it run out a little faster. So it's really, really hard to tell.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good, thank you. And John, you gave us some color about the outlook for loan growth, maybe, can you give us, elaborate a little further on that loan pipeline that you talked about? Can you share with us, what the pull-through rate is? And I know in terms of loan pipelines, it can be as simple as your loan officers had a conversation with the potential client to somebody who has actually signed a contract with you guys. And it is a line of credit established and therefore that's more likely to come through as a loan than the first contact. So can you give us some color of the pipeline and how it looks compared to prior quarters? And what do you think the pull-through rate should be?
John Turner: Yes, great question, Gerard. And when I asked Ronnie Smith just a few weeks ago, because they -- a lot of the outcome is the function of how the loan officer, relationship manager assesses the opportunity, when they put it in the pipeline. The good news is that our 75% probability pipeline, we're pulling through more than 90% of the opportunities that we believe we're going to win. So one of the reasons, you sense a little more confidence from us in our ability to grow is that we are seeing good opportunities and we believe at least at this point we're winning most of those good opportunities when we believe we have an opportunity to do that. So, I feel good about pipeline management and the efforts that our teams are putting forth to win new opportunities.
Gerard Cassidy: And is that pipeline considerably higher in this quarter versus 1Q or 4Q or slightly our it is slightly high?
John Turner: It's a good bit higher than then 1Q -- it's slightly higher, I guess than 1Q. We began seeing some momentum build toward the end of the first quarter. It is, as I recall, 30% plus higher than it was this time two years ago.
Gerard Cassidy: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Turner: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. Also on the loan front, just wanted to ask about production, front-end production. Can you -- do you have some quantifications around how that, how much that was up on a linked quarter basis? And then how much, where it compares versus pre-pandemic?
John Turner: So new loan production in our Corporate Bank was up 23% linked quarter. I don't have that number right in front of me, but we'll get it while we're here on a two-year look back.
David Turner: Yes. I think the -- so the growth in total production...
John Turner: New production is what I'm referring to 23%.
David Turner: Yes, total new and renewed was up 33%. But if we exclude PPP quarter-over-quarter is up 50%. And how that compared to pre-pandemic will -- yes we'll look that up as we go through the call and come back to you. That's what I think, the best of memory.
John Pancari: Okay. Yes, no problem. And one other thing on that topic and then I have one other follow-up is, your line utilization at 39.5%, how does that compare to your normalized level?
John Turner: Typically, we run 44%, 45%, so we're 400 basis points to 500 basis points shy of where we'd normally operate. And each 100 basis point differential means $575 million, $600 million in loan growth.
John Pancari: Got it, okay. And then separately [ph], I know you indicated your service charges could remain 10% to 15% below 2019 levels. Part of that is the overdraft dynamic. Can we just confirm, your overdraft fees annually, they total about $300 million annually? And then secondly, where do you see that going, as you see the continued change in behavior? And maybe a little bit of governmental scrutiny around the overdrafts again.
David Turner: Yes, John. So, your number is reasonably close to that. I think everybody has hit around that number. And our anticipation of all the things that we've done, our anticipation of customer behavior, our transparency, we're providing which is allowing customers to understand where they stand intraday on things that will pose to their account, the following night of a given day gives them more opportunity to take care of a negative account situation.  So we've tried to anticipate what all that is and our guidance on our service charges being down 15%, it was done because of that. It was done because we are doing things to help our customers. We reduced our overdraft caps and things of that nature in a given day. So now you've asked a question what could happen. We don't -- we don't know, we're trying to do what we think is the right thing, and what the government and regulators do. We'll have to adapt and overcome, if there is any change at all. So, I think our 15% below the -- 10% to 15% below pre-pandemic is our best answer at the moment.
John Turner: And I think I'd just add, John that, as we have provided our customers more tools to better manage their finances, we've seen NSF/OD fees decline over time. So if you look back 10 years and come forward to today, there has been an over 40% decline in NSF/OD fees that we recognized. So I'll call that, I guess on average about 4% a year from customers just managing their finances better. We've grown our customer base over that period of time. So you'd have to assume there are fewer incidences of NSFs and overdrafts. And I think that, that trend will continue.  And as David said, we're prepared for that, through growth and other fees associated with growth in our business, whether it'd be debit card transactions associated with a high level of debit card activation and growth in checking accounts, growth in wealth management, capital markets and other sources of mortgage, other sources of fee income.
John Pancari: Got it. All right, thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
John Turner: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning, how are you doing?
John Turner: Good, thank you.
Betsy Graseck: So, I wanted to dig in a little bit on the EnerBank acquisition strategy. I know you have some nice slides in the back talking about what the activity is in your footprint. Could you give us a sense as to how the activity SKUs in the non-Regions branch footprint? And then what are you going to bring to this business? How are you going to ramp this going forward?
John Turner: Yes. So, it's -- today, we estimate the marketplace, is about $176 billion annual origination market across a couple of different categories of home improvement. EnerBank has been particularly active in HVAC and pools, have a growing presence in solar. And we have been observing, participating in indirectly, the point-of-sale lending space for now six or seven years and have aspired to have the opportunity to have an origination vehicle, if you will, and we think EnerBank provides that.  We've built our consumer lending strategy around lending around the home, if you will. So we've been investing in mortgage. We're making some improvements in our equity loan in line products and we think EnerBank is sort of the third leg of that lending around the homes to, with a focus on home improvement and point of sale lending at the -- to the consumer.  In terms of what we bring, we bring balance sheet. EnerBank's growth has been constrained to some extent by their willingness if you will, the parent company's willingness to fund their growth. And, we of course, have significant liquidity and a balance sheet and a desire to continue to grow that business. We bring banking products and services to EnerBank's customers, which we think we can more broadly deliver and deepen those relationships, which benefits EnerBank as well. And then, which bring overall capacity and an existing customer portfolio that we think we can market into across our footprint. So we believe the combination, really powerful. We think we can be a nice asset for growth. Nice, on a set of products to offer to our existing customers and at the same time, nice group of customers to sell our products into to meet EnerBank's customer needs. Should be a good combination.
David Turner: I'll add, as it relates to production, so 55% of their production is in our existing footprint, obviously 45% is not. And so, we're looking at continuing to build out and diversify throughout the country on this particular product.  One of the things that we bring that they did not have is, as you know, the yield is roughly 9% with 2.5 points of that coming from the contractor, the dealer and the other is the customer. And so, if somebody takes out a loan and then refinances, we are going to be there, that's going to be our customer now that we have a mortgage opportunity for.  So, if that happens, those fees get accelerated. And so, whereas EnerBank would have received that they wouldn't have gotten the benefits of the mortgage. We're going to be able to get that and the fees.  So we just think it's going to be very powerful. The last piece of this, I'll say, as John mentioned, is a large industry, but it's incredibly fragmented where EnerBank only represents 1% of that production and we think over time we're going to be able to penetrate this market much deeper than what they've been able to do primarily because of our funding.
Betsy Graseck: Right. I mean, when you look at the filings, it looks like they were selling out half of their originations historically and obviously you'd be able to retain that.
David Turner: That's correct.
Betsy Graseck: The other question I had is, you mentioned that you are looking at more incremental M&A opportunities, and wondering what gaps you still have or what you're most focused on growing?
John Turner: Well, we want to continue to add to some specific capital markets capabilities. We have a very good mortgage servicing rights group and so we're interested in potentially acquiring more and more mortgage servicing rights. We want to continue to, as David said, potentially grow and expand what EnerBank is doing. I think in wealth management, there is some potentially some opportunities to gain some additional capabilities there as well. So fairly -- fairly broad based is we think about other opportunities to grow and diversify our revenue and to acquire capabilities to help us meet customer needs.
Betsy Graseck: And the mortgage servicing rights piece, how does that fit in to customer needs? Can you just give me the strategic bullet point on that?
John Turner: Well, it's -- we think it just continue to support the capabilities we have and continues to drive efficiencies through that particular unit. So, it's as much about benefits to the shareholder, I guess, as it is, meeting customer needs.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. All right, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
John Turner: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hi, good morning, guys. Hey, just a follow-up on your -- on the swap book. David, you said that you don't anticipate making any other changes to the book as it is. And just wondering how you philosophically think about that against what's happened with the rate curve and the excess liquidity? I'll start with that.
David Turner: Yes, Ken. I think all the adjustments that we see right now we've made, but that -- we also had a caveat, and then, this is a pretty dynamic environment. So as circumstances change, we'll also adapt and overcome, we've talked about, we think there's a misunderstanding on our swap book, we do have a long terms, five year terms on our swaps. And as conditions change and we see an opportunity for rising rates, then you would expect us to take off some of that protection for low rate environment, protection that we have for the low rate environment. So that we can benefit as rates rise. That being said, we are naturally asset sensitive more so than many banks because of our deposit base. And so the repositioning of moving those notional amounts to a different period of time to help protect us when the economy actually rolls over the other way and the Fed becomes more accommodative. So, it's very dynamic. What we want to do is make sure we have an appropriate interest rate risk program that lets us benefit regardless of what the rate environment is. And that's on every day -- we have a whole group of people, that's what they do every day. And so we've made the changes we think necessary thus far, but we're going to continue to watch it.
Ken Usdin: Understood. And just as a follow-up to that, then David, the $105 million benefit run rate that you mentioned, how far quarterly of a line of sight do you have on that level? And when in '23 does that start to drip a little bit as this is the natural role. I know obviously kept in concert with hopefully by then, rates have gone up as an offset.
David Turner: Yes, I mean that's the point. I'm glad you mentioned that. That's exactly the point we're trying to make. So if you just looked at the hedge benefit of $105 million, I think we have. We put that in the slide, if we didn't do at this time, we actually have a slide that show it drifting down lower as you go through 2023. But that's based on today. Over time, that can change, because if we reposition certain derivatives, we're not going to be benefiting from the derivative or we'll be benefiting because rates are higher on the rest of our loan portfolio. The purpose of the hedge was to protect us, not reduce [ph] NII and margin. It was to protect us if rates stayed low, which they have done. And so, when you think about giving up, if you will benefit from our derivatives, because either their term comes or we terminate them, it's because we're winning on our whole portfolio that helps offset and then some for NII growth. Hopefully, that makes sense.
Ken Usdin: It does. Okay. Thanks for that, David.
David Turner: Let me go back to John Pancari's question on loan production. So, John, when you -- if you go back to the second quarter of '19 and you compare that production level to what we just had, it's a little over 100%, so a little bit more than double, what that production was at that time. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of context.
Operator: Your next question is from Bill Carcache of Wolfe Research.
John Turner: Good morning.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. Good morning, John and David. Following up on your comments around the enhancements to your overdraft practices, can you give a bit more color on whether you're combining those enhancements with the marketing message on your consumer friendly practices so that hopefully those enhancements translate into greater retention and/or attrition?
John Turner: We are -- we are reaching out to customers, reaching out to across our associate base, making sure that everyone understands the benefits we're providing and hopefully that translates into frankly customers beginning to increase utilization of the tools that we're providing. We're not saying early, early, we're seeing some nice pickup in alerts as an example, which I think is a key tool that customers can and will use to help them better manage their finances. We should be introducing our bank-on [ph] product, it's been approved and should be live sometime later this quarter. And we think that's another enhancement that when combined with the other changes, we're making. We'll send a real positive message to our customers.
Bill Carcache: Got it. Separately, following up on bank, can you give a bit more color on the cross-sell opportunity across the thousand plus contractor network and sorry if I missed this, but over time, do you intend to extend the business model nationally outside of where EnerBank originates loans today or is there a reason, you need to stay closer to you now?
John Turner: Well, I think they're originating loans across the country today and we don't intend to change that. The good news is that 55% plus of their originations are in our footprint and that makes some sense when they're financing HVAC and pool, swimming pools, you'd naturally think that a good bit of that activity is going to occur in the southeast. And so will contain a lean into that. In terms of cross sell, we're just beginning to have conversations with the leadership team there about how we'll go about it, but we have a similar effort underway, if you will with Ascentium Capital. And we're already beginning to see the benefits of that activity. So we'll have a template of sorts, with what we're doing with Ascentium and their customer base that we think we can leverage into the relationship with EnerBank.
Bill Carcache: I see, I think I may have misread on slide 20, you guys have on the top right, the originations, the LTM and there are several states where there aren't any. And so I just thought that met only the ones that show, I think I misread that. So they are actually across the country.
John Turner: Yes. And it's -- think about just it's a function of product, so back to three primary products being HVAC pool and so are those are largely going to be products to get originated across the Sunbelt and on the West Coast.
Bill Carcache: Understood. And then, lastly on PPP with the bulk of loans forgiven by the end of this year, can you give any color on the extent to which you think, PPP help deepen the relationship with your customers that participated in the program beyond having provided support for them during the pandemic, just curious whether you think there's any future benefit from those deeper relationships?
John Turner: I do. I mean I would say, customers that I run into that, I mean that was such an incredibly stressful time for customers, for bankers. In the economy, there was so much uncertainty. And our ability to meet customer needs, and to help almost 80,000 customers, receive a loan through the PPP program had a huge impact on customers and on their employees. We think that we supported saving of over 1 million jobs as a result of the loans that we made. And so I think we did generate a good bit of additional loyalty. Good news is, our loyalty scores are already very high amongst our consumer and small business customer base. But I think our participation in the PPP program and the way we responded for customers ultimately did in generally a good bit of additional loyalty.
Bill Carcache: Got it. Thanks very much for taking my questions.
John Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Christopher Marinac of Janney Montgomery Scott.
John Turner: Good morning.
Christopher Marinac: Thanks, John and David. I was curious, if the EnerBank deal would have been as attractive, if the excess liquidity wasn't as high, because the excess liquidity kind of help justify the transaction.
John Turner: I think that, I'll let David speak to the finances, but just purely from a strategic perspective, as I said earlier, we've been participating in through an indirect relationship, actually through indirect relationships we had. We've been participating in point of sale or unsecured lending to consumers on an indirect basis largely to support home improvement not entirely. And it has been our desire to find a way into that space as we've seen consumers migrate their borrowing from banks traditionally to these point of sale lenders. And so we've had an interest. We also -- as I mentioned are focused on lending around the home and meeting customer needs through three different sort of product channels. First, mortgage [indiscernible] loan and then third, this point of sale lending activity. So, we've been looking and interested for some time and we think EnerBank is a great opportunity for us, really well-run company, we like the team and the relationships they have, and so I believe it would have been just as interesting to us. But David, if you want to...
David Turner: Yes, financially, it would -- the fact that we had, idle cash, and is incrementally beneficial, but we would have still done the transaction with the debt financing. I mean the return on capital, return on investment that we're going to experience and continuing to grow. And we think that's -- at the end of the day, what our investors really want us to do with our business and the capital we generate instead of buying stock back and things of that nature is to invest in the business and grow and to make smart acquisitions where you get a disproportionate return. And you creating a product capability to serve existing customers and grow new ones that you can cross-sell to as we just talked about whether it be the 10,000 contractors or all the folks, individuals that have loans. So this was not done because of that. That was independent.
Christopher Marinac: That's helpful. Thanks for walking through that background. I appreciate it.
John Turner: Sure, thank you.
Operator: The final question is from Christopher Spahr of Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Spahr: Thank you. Good morning. So first, I'd like to give you, commend you on actually you have good digital disclosures, one of the best amongst all regional banks. So my question is going to be tech related. So what's your outlook for your $625 million tech budget given opportunities to grow accounts and target specific customers as well as like optimizing your contact center, 100% remote, I don't think there's any other bank that's like that. And then second, my follow up would be, at what point do these investments become self-funding and when do you expect to get there?
John Turner: Well, I wouldn't speak to the first part of the question. I'm not sure about the self-funding. I guess it's -- our hope is over time as we make investments, the cost of computing comes down and we're able to make continuously make investment. We said we're spending about $625 million as we pointed out, roughly 10% of that is dedicated to cyber security and defending our, the bank and our customers. Approximately 48% we said is dedicated to keeping the bank going to maintaining operations, and 42% support innovation and new ideas. And we're going to continue to -- to make those investments and we believe through doing things like improving our mobile app, through digitizing the account origination process, through giving our bankers, whether in the branches or commercial wealth RMs [ph] more digital tools to assist customers, e-signature capabilities across the footprint, drives digital usage. At the same time we want to make sure that we're investing in capabilities to give customers more self-service options that allow them to use all of our channels and have the same great experience whether they're at an ATM, in a branch or using their mobile or online app or talking to the call center that will be really important to us as we continue to try to meet customer expectations for convenience and speed of transaction more self-service options. So, I think as we make those investments they create process improvements, they help us drive efficiencies and effectiveness consistent with our desire to continuously improve and that generates more funding for reinvestment and technology and innovation. We believe that model and we prove that that model works over the last three plus years and we expect it will continue to work is an important part of our strategic plan.
David Turner: Yes, Chris. I'll add. I think, so we're spending 10% of our revenue, technology. We expect to grow revenue over time and as a result, technology spend will increase. You've asked a very good question, and to the folks that work for Regions, I promise I didn't have Chris plant this question, because that's what we ask all the time is we're going to spend this kind of money, where is our return, when you're going to be on your own and that's hard to answer, Chris, but certainly we challenge ourselves all the time to make sure, every dollar that we spend is meaningful. And that we're not just spend in technology, spend technology, what would benefit does our customer get and what benefit do our shareholders get from the spend. It's a continual challenge and I think we're in pretty good position for that, but it's hard to give only, kind of give a project exactly when that's self-sustaining.
Christopher Spahr: Thank you very much.
John Turner: That's it. Okay.
Operator: As there are no other questions.
John Turner: Great. Well, I'll just close by acknowledging the great work of our teams. These are still somewhat uncertain times and I think our teams remain focused on the things that we can control, particularly focused on taking care of our customers. And I think that, those benefits are beginning to appear in our results. So, I appreciate the work our teams have done. I thank all of you that participated today for your interest in Regions. Have a great weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Shelby. Welcome to Regions First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. John and David will provide high-level commentary regarding the quarter. Earnings documents which include our forward-looking statement disclaimer are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments and Q&A. I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana and thank you all for joining our call today. We kicked off 2021 on a solid note. Earlier this morning, we reported earnings of $614 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.63. Our ability to continue to deliver value this quarter is a testament to both the investments we've made, as well as our associates' unwavering commitment to our customers and communities. Our credit metrics continue to improve and reflect the good work we've done with our clients, coupled with the expected benefits from government stimulus. Based on this quarter's credit performance and the improving economic outlook, we reduced our allowance for credit losses by $142 million more than net charge-offs, while still maintaining one of the strongest allowance to loan ratios in the industry at 2.44%. Although we continue to deal with the effects of the pandemic, our ongoing conversations with customers reflect optimism about further economic recovery and growth. Vaccine distribution is improving in our footprint and businesses for the most part have reopened. The majority of our largest deposit states are experiencing unemployment rates significantly below those of the US as a whole, and our loan pipelines are improving as we are seeing more activity in the marketplace. We're increasingly optimistic this momentum will continue. Throughout this recovery and beyond, we will maintain our focus on deepening relationships with our customers, while providing personalized financial guidance, combined with excellent technology solutions that continue to make banking easier. Now, David will provide you with some details regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet. Average and ending adjusted loans declined 1% from the prior quarter. New and renewed commercial loan production increased 5% compared to the prior quarter. However, balances remained negatively impacted by excess liquidity in the market, resulting in historically low utilization levels. As of quarter end, commercial line utilization was 39% compared to our historical average of 45%. Just as a reminder, each 1% of line utilization equates to approximately $600 million of loan growth. Commercial loan balances continued to be impacted by the company's ongoing portfolio management activities and PPP forgiveness timing. Average consumer loans again reflected strong mortgage production, offset by runoff portfolios. Overall, we expect full year 2021 adjusted average loan balances to be down by low-single digits compared to 2020, although we expect adjusted ending loans to grow by low-single digits. With respect to deposits, balances continued to increase this quarter to new record levels led by growth in the consumer segment, reflecting recent government stimulus payments. The increase is primarily due to higher account balances. However, we are also experiencing new account growth. We expect near-term deposit balances will continue to increase, particularly as the recent stimulus is fully disbursed and corporate customers maintain higher cash levels. Let's shift to net interest income and margin which remain a significant source of stability for Regions. Net interest income decreased 4% on a reported basis or 1% excluding the impact from day count and PPP. PPP-related NII declined $14 million from the prior quarter, as the benefits from round two were offset by slower round one forgiveness. Two fewer days also reduced NII by $12 million. The decline in core NII stems mostly from lower loan balances and remixing out of higher-yielding loan categories.  Net interest margin declined during the quarter to 3.02%. Cash averaged over $16 billion during the quarter and when combined with PPP reduced first quarter margin by 38 basis points. Excluding excess cash and PPP, our normalized net interest margin remained stable at 3.40%, evidencing our proactive balance sheet management despite a near zero short-term rate environment.  Similar to prior quarters, the impact from historically low long-term interest rates was offset by our cash management strategies, lower deposit costs, and higher average notional values of active loan hedges. Cash management, mostly in the form of a December long-term debt call contributed $6 million and 1 basis point of margin.  Interest-bearing deposit costs fell two basis points in the quarter to 11 basis points contributing $4 million and 1 basis point of margin. Loan hedges added $102 million to NII and 31 basis points to the margin. Higher average hedge notional values drove a $3 million increase compared to the fourth quarter.  At current rate levels, we expect a little over $100 million of hedge-related interest income each quarter until the hedges begin to mature in 2023. Within the quarter, we repositioned a total of $4.3 billion of cash flow swaps and floors targeting less protection in 2023 and 2024. While there may be additional adjustments in the future, we believe the resulting profile allows us to support our goal of consistent, sustainable growth.  Specifically, we are positioned to benefit from the steepening yield curve and increases in short-term interest rates in the future, while protecting NII stability to the extent that Fed is on hold longer than the market currently expects. The potential for loan growth only enhances our participation in a recovering economy.  Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect NII excluding cash and PPP to be relatively stable. While recent curve steepening has helped asset reinvestment levels, long-term rates will remain a modest near-term headwind. Deposit cost reductions, one additional day and hedging benefits will support NII in the quarter, while loan balances are expected to remain relatively stable. Over the second half of the year and beyond, a strengthening economy, a relatively neutral impact from rates and the potential for balance sheet growth are expected to ultimately drive growth in NII.  Now let's take a look at fee revenue and expense. Adjusted non-interest income decreased 2% from the prior quarter but reflects a 32% increase compared to the first quarter of 2020. Capital markets delivered another strong quarter as customers continued to respond to interest rate changes and potential regulatory and tax headwinds.  Fees generated from the placement of permanent financing for real estate customers and securities underwriting both achieved record levels, and M&A advisory services also delivered solid results. While we expect capital markets revenue to remain solid over the remainder of the year, some activity was pulled forward.  Looking ahead, we expect capital markets to generate quarterly revenue in the $55 million to $65 million range on average, excluding the impact of CVA and DVA. Mortgage delivered another strong quarter as we continue to focus on growing market share and improving our customer experience. Mortgage income increased 20% over the prior quarter, driven primarily by agency gain on sale and favorable MSR valuation. Production for the quarter was up 89% over the prior year, setting the stage for another strong year of mortgage income. Service charges were negatively impacted by both seasonal declines and increased deposit balances. While improving, we believe changes in customer behavior as well as customer benefits from enhancements to our overdraft practices and transaction posting are likely to keep service charges below pre-pandemic levels.  Although, we expect the impact of these changes will be partially offset by continued account growth, we estimate 2021 service charges will grow compared to 2020, but remain approximately 10% to 15% below 2019 levels. Card and ATM fees have recovered up 10% compared to the prior year driven primarily by increased debit card spend. Given the timing of interest rate changes in 2020 combined with exceptionally strong fee income performance, we expect 2021 adjusted total revenue to be down modestly compared to the prior year. But this will be dependent on the timing and amount of PPP, loan forgiveness and loan growth. Let's move on to non-interest expense. Adjusted non-interest expenses decreased 1% in the quarter driven by lower incentive compensation primarily related to capital markets and mortgage, which was partially offset by a seasonal increase in payroll taxes. Of note, base salaries were 4% lower compared to the fourth quarter as we remain focused on our continuous improvement process. Associate head count decreased 2% quarter-over-quarter and 4% year-over-year. And excluding the impact of our Ascentium Capital acquisition that closed April 1, 2020 head count was down 6%. We will continue to prudently manage expenses, while investing in technology, products and people to grow our business. In 2021, we expect adjusted non-interest expenses to remain stable compared to 2020 with quarterly adjusted non-interest expenses in the $880 million to $890 million range. And while we face uncertainty regarding the pace of economic recovery, we remain committed to generating positive operating leverage over time. From an asset quality perspective, overall credit continues to perform better than expected. Annualized net charge-offs were 40 basis points a three basis point improvement over the prior quarter reflecting broad-based improvement across most portfolios. Non-performing loans, total delinquencies, business services criticized loans all declined modestly. Our allowance for credit losses declined 25 basis points to 2.44% of total loans and 280% of total non-accrual loans. Excluding PPP loans, our allowance for credit losses was 2.57%. The decline in the allowance reflects charge-offs previously provided for, stabilization in our economic outlook and improved credit performance including the impact of the $1.9 trillion stimulus bill approved in March. The allowance reduction resulted in a net $142 million benefit to the provision. Our allowance remains one of the highest in our peer group as measured against period-end loans or stress losses as modeled by the Federal Reserve. Future levels of the allowance will depend on the timing of charge-offs and greater certainty with respect to the path of the economic recovery. As we look forward, we are cautiously optimistic regarding our credit performance for the year. While net charge-offs can be volatile quarter-to-quarter based on current expectations we believe the peak is behind us and we expect full year 2021 net charge-offs to range from 40 basis points to 50 basis points. With respect to capital our common equity Tier 1 ratio increased approximately 50 basis points to an estimated 10.3% this quarter. As you are aware, the Federal Reserve extended their restrictions on capital distributions through the second quarter of 2021. The Federal Reserve also indicated these restrictions are expected to be lifted beginning in the third quarter subject to capital remaining above required levels in the ongoing 2021 CCAR cycle for firms participating. We have opted into this year's CCAR and assuming capital levels remain above required levels in the Fed stress test, we should be back to managing capital distributions against the SCB requirements beginning in the third quarter. However, our plan is to begin share repurchases in the second quarter subject to the Fed's earnings-based restrictions. Based on our internal stress testing framework and the amount of capital we need to run our business, we are updating our operating range for common equity Tier 1 to 9.25% to 9.75% with a goal of managing to the midpoint over time. So wrapping up on the next slide our 2021 expectations, which we have already addressed. In summary, we feel really good about our first quarter results and anticipate carrying the momentum into the remainder of 2021. Pre-tax pre-provision income remained strong. Expenses are well controlled. Credit quality is outperforming expectations. Capital and liquidity are solid and we are optimistic about the prospect for the economic recovery to continue in our markets. With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
John Turner: Good morning Ken.
Ken Usdin : Sorry guys, is that open to me Ken Usdin?
John Turner: Yes.
Ken Usdin : Oh my bad. Sorry. I thought I lost you for a second. Thank you. Yes David, just wondering you made the points clearly about starting to reposition that longer-term swaps portfolio and to position for potentially higher rates. How are you -- how do you help us think about how that changes that longer-term trajectory of recognized income versus just the hopes that rates go the right way and loans are better than presuming the economic recovery? And in terms of just how you make future decisions on future -- on other potential terminations? Thank you.
David Turner : Yes. So Ken, we never anticipated for all the derivatives to go to term. We wanted protection and our goal is not to turn the derivatives into a trading asset, but to have it help us manage the volatility of NII and this worked extremely well for us. As we think about the future, we obviously look at all the data points to try and figure out when the Fed may move. And as we continue to have economic progress we're thinking that there is more likelihood of an increase in short rates and probably long rates to follow starting in the back half of 2022 into 2023 and 2024. We wanted to participate in that and not have our NII being muted, so we terminated the $4.3 billion worth of derivatives. You take the whatever gain you have, and you have to spread that over the life you don't get a one-time gain. So, we will continue to evaluate the economic recovery and we'll make adjustments as we go along. We still have protection though for 2021 and 2022, no change there. It's just the -- out the curve I mean out the term a little bit in terms of 2020 -- really 2023 and 2024. 
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. And then along the way, obviously, you're still sitting on this big excess cash position as you show it to us in your core NIM. Can you just talk to us about how you're thinking about staging incremental use of that cash versus the hopes for loan growth that you and the rest of the industry are hoping for anticipating?
David Turner: Yes. We -- like many folks, we had nice deposit growth. We've had $16 billion average cash at the Fed, $23 billion at the end of the quarter. We constantly challenge ourselves Ken on whether or not to put that work in the securities book when -- of course, we want to make all the good quality loans we can. That's been elusive for the industry thus far. And so, some have deployed that in the securities book. We've done a little bit, but we're reluctant because as I was talking to our Treasurer yesterday, there's no free lunch here. You just can't -- you can't hide from the risk that you take if you try to take duration risk right now and deploying that. The securities book will help you short term in NII, but you will pay for that nearly down the road and we're playing the long game. We're not about trying to generate short-term NII growth for that sake. So that being said, we are challenging ourselves and as we make different decisions to get that deployed, you should not expect wholesale investment in the securities book, but you may see some around the hedges.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thanks for that David.
Operator: Your next question is from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
John Turner: Good morning Ryan.
Ryan Nash: Hey, good morning guys. So maybe to dig in a little bit on revenues. You're off to a nice start to the year, I think, revenues are up over 9% year-over-year with both NII and fees up. So can you just maybe talk through the revenue outlook a bit? And where could there be sources of upside just given the fact that the guide implies a pretty strong deceleration from the first quarter and it looks like mortgage and capital markets could remain strong? And then second it just seems like PPP is one of the potential swing factors. Can you maybe just help us understand what are you assuming for balances and forgiveness for the rest of the year? And then I have a follow-up.
David Turner: Okay. So to start with the top of the house. So our guide on total adjusted revenues is down modestly. Obviously, continue to have pressure and reinvestment of fixed rate assets throughout the year. We do have some obviously protection on NII through our hedging program. So we're excited about that. From a loan growth standpoint, we are in some great markets and we expect to benefit over time, as our economies continue to open and we get some loan growth. We have some headwinds in terms of can we continue to have capital markets at $100 million every quarter. We guided you to $55 million to $65 million. So who knows I mean, if we continue to have capital markets should be robust, M&A should be robust and we might be able to outperform there. But we gave you the guide of $55 million to $65 million. We think mortgage will continue to be strong. Our teams are performing very well in terms of mortgage. And we think there could be some upside there. But who knows we have to see what happens with the rate environment. I think in terms of PPP we have $4.3 billion of PPP loans outstanding. We originated $1.5 billion under the PPP 2 program and we forgave about $700 million in the first quarter. The timing of that forgiveness is a big determinant Ryan in terms of ultimate income for us. We think that's back-end loaded literally in the fourth quarter before you start seeing real forgiveness. As a matter of fact, we have a little bit of pressure on PPP-generated revenue in from first to second quarter as we disclosed a little bit -- and that's only because of timing. The point is, if you got $4.3 billion the fees and interest we earn off that's a little over 3% it's just timing. When is it coming in and your guess is as good as ours on that. But that will be -- that's a pretty big swing factor in terms of where we end up on our guide on revenue for the year.
Ryan Nash: Got it. Okay. And then in terms of capital, you just announced the 9.25% to 9.75%. You put out a release the other day announcing a $2.5 billion buyback. And if I look at market expectations for earnings, it implies a pretty steep decline in the capital level. So can you maybe just talk about expectations for utilizing the buyback assuming the Fed continues to ease restrictions? And where do you see you actually running with the capital? I heard you said to run in the middle, but given that we're entering a period of strong economic growth potential for rates rising at some point in time could we move towards the lower end of that over time? Thanks.
David Turner: Well so we had -- our last goal was closer to 10%. We changed our operating range to 9.25% to 9.75% and said we'd operate in the middle over time. That range can change, as economic conditions continue to improve. And we still have uncertainty out there. So we believe that's an appropriate range and appropriate midpoint of that at 9.50% is the right place for Regions at this time. As conditions get better we'll -- we can adjust accordingly. Or if they get worse, we'll adjust the other way. We are at 10.3% today. So that's 80 basis points from the middle. Round numbers that's $800 million worth of capital. We'll continue to -- we didn't have buybacks in the first quarter. As I mentioned, we will have some in the second quarter. But let's go back and remember our capital we want to use to grow our business. That's its priority. We'd love to have more loan growth out there and to use it that way. We're going to pay a dividend in the 35% to 45% of our income so that we have a sustainable dividend. We like to use that capital for non-bank acquisitions like we did on Ascentium Capital as a good example. So that's our preference. We will then -- the last effort we will use buybacks to maintain and optimize our capital at that 9.5% common equity Tier 1. So we'll be restricted on how much we get to do in the second quarter. We think we'll have a very good CCAR submission which gives us more flexibility to manage that -- to that 9.5% starting in the third quarter. And you should expect us to get there fairly quickly.
Ryan Nash: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question is from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
David Turner: Good morning Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, John, and good morning David.
John Turner: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: David, can you touch on -- you gave us some good color on, the loan loss reserves. And I know we've talked about this in the past, about your day one reserves back in January of 2020. What's the likelihood that you guys could get to that level, or maybe even something less if the economy is even better going forward let's say, 18 months from now, than it was back on January 1, 2020. And the mix of business is less risky than possibly it was back then as well?
David Turner: Well, you kind of answered your own question there, I think Gerard. And that is you're exactly right. We're sitting here today at 2.44% coverage or 2.57% if you exclude PPP. Our day one was 1.71%. And that's more again to the 2.44% by the way. And so, the question is, when can you get back to there? And I would just say? We really don't think of it as back to there. We think of with the appropriate reserve we need to have, based on the risk inherent in our portfolio, that can change based on your profile. And to the extent the profile is better, than it was that January when we adopted, if the environment that we expect through the whole life of the loan is better than the reserves can go below that. But it's all dependent on what the facts and circumstances are at each balance sheet day. And so, we see the economy getting better. As we've mentioned, it's better faster than we thought. We're still cautiously optimistic about where this goes. We need to get the vaccine out. We need the economies to continue to open. And if all that happens you would expect reserves to come down. But right now, we can only take it -- we can only adjust the reserves based on what we see today. If next quarter it's better, then you would expect it to come down. So there's no magic in that day one. That day one was based on the facts and circumstances that existed in January. And if they're better, then you would expect reserves to be lower. If it's worse, you would expect them to be higher.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you. You gave us some good color on, the hedging program in both your prepared remarks and answering an earlier question. On the $100 million that you're generating currently at the present time, how could that number -- or what interest rate environment would you need to see, to see that $100 million maybe get to $120 million or vice versa fall to $80 million? Can you give us some color about that particular amount? And how it's impacted by rates?
David Turner: Well, clearly the -- so we're receiving fixed swaps and we have floors. So you earn more to the extent rates are lower, than where we are today. And that's pegged off of LIBOR. So LIBOR, it's pretty down going low. So you would have to see that go to almost zero. We don't have any new derivatives, where we began the notional. We had some in this first quarter a little bit. I think really as you think about... [Technical Difficulty]
John Turner: Go ahead.
David Turner: Hello. Are we still there?
Gerard Cassidy: You're fine. We hear you.
David Turner: I'm sorry. Okay. So I think, you should think about the contribution really as a stabilizing factor in terms of NII. It wasn't meant to help us increase NII it was to keep us protected in case we had an extraordinarily low-rate environment like we do. So being able to have $100 million to $103 million, $105 million each quarter is really what it's about not trying to get it, to be $120 million and $130 million.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
David Turner: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. I wanted to ask a little bit about the expense outlook. So we've been getting questions from investors recently. Some of your peers this week had announced higher expectations for expense growth due to accelerated investments. And as I look at slide seven in that very consistent 1% CAGR, John, I'm wondering if you can assure investors on, how you've been able to keep expense growth at these low levels and invest back in the company? In other words, is there going to be a potential surprise with regards to expense growth, going forward especially as we look forward to a stronger revenue growth environment?
John Turner: No, no surprises Erika. We as you know announced an initiative now a couple of years ago, we characterized to simplify and grow. We talk now about it as being about continuous improvement. It was largely designed as a way to focus on how we simplify our business, how we flatten the organizational structure reduce expenses to make investments, in people, in technology, and additional capabilities, and products. And I think we've successfully done that. To your point, we've been able to keep expenses generally flat, while providing increased compensation every year for the teams that remain with us, investing significantly in our business, hiring additional bankers and other associates who are working actively in our technology function and risk management and other parts of our business. And we'll continue to do that. David mentioned this morning, we're committed to holding expenses essentially flat. There maybe some increases from time to time, if revenue rises, and that revenue is associated with variable compensation like capital markets, like mortgage. But otherwise, our core run rate of expenses should be flat. And we believe that, we can continue to make investments in our business, while holding those expenses flat.
David Turner: Yeah, Erika, that $880 million to $890 million number that we have guided to and  we have embedded in that the investments we want to make as John mentioned.
Erika Najarian: Perfect. Thank you. And David the second question is for you. I'm guessing that, you opted into the 2021 CCAR to optimize your stress capital buffer lower. What can you do to be able to better direct the results closer to 2.5%?
David Turner: Yeah. So if you were to look at the resubmission that we had in December, you would have seen our degradation there would have put us underneath the floor of 2.5%. We ran our model based on the assumptions, the CCAR assumptions in the first quarter. We believe the results will again show that, we will be underneath the floor of 2.5%. So part of the reason, we wanted to participate is because of that. The other part of it is, our credit has continued to improve pretty dramatically, even relative to our peers. And this gives us an opportunity to show you and the rest of the world that that our credit has continued to improve as a result of our de-risking strategy, our capital allocation strategy. We feel very good about that. This gives an opportunity for an independent third-party in this case the Federal Reserve, to show everybody what our losses are relative to peers. So we're excited about participating. We think it will show well. We feel very good about our credit as we've mentioned in the call, and we have robust reserves and capital levels on top of that. So we're well positioned, and I think this can help us from a credit rating agency as well.
Erika Najarian: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
John Turner: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. Just a clarification on your expenses. For the full year, obviously, it implies a drop-down for the rest of the year. Is that just lower incentive comp related to capital markets and mortgage revenues, or are there any other drivers as we think about the drop-down from 1Q?
David Turner: Yeah Matt, it's that, but it's also as John mentioned, our continuous improvement program. It's just  we're focused on this every day. And so we continue to make adjustments in leveraging technology and processes. And I talked about head count and that's part of how the head count is down as we're leveraging technology. So we just have an intense focus on, one, making appropriate investments to grow our business that's number one. We have to figure out how to pay for that, so we can keep our expenses relatively flat. So every part of the organization is focused on expense control, so that we can make that investment. And I think you're going to see our expenses as I mentioned should come down to the $880 million $890 million for the remainder of the year.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then just separately as we think about loan growth picking up, exiting the year obviously, there's the PPP running off and the exit portfolios. But, what do you think will be the drivers of growth for you guys exiting this year into next year?
John Turner: Yeah. Matt, this is John. Our customers are increasingly optimistic about the economy. We operate in some -- as David said, some really good markets. And most of the states that we operate in were some of the first to reopen their economies. As a result, unemployment rates in states like Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia, Florida, are better than national average. And so, we see businesses expanding. Our pipelines today are 50% larger than they were this time last year. And that is broad-based across geography and sectors. And we expect to see growth as companies work through the excess liquidity they're holding, beginning to rebuild inventories, make investments in property plant and equipment as their businesses expand. So, I think there is opportunity to grow. The question will be the timing of that. And as David mentioned, we are experiencing historically low levels of line utilization. We expect our customers will get back into their lines of credit. Once they work through the excess liquidity that they're holding, just don't know what the timing of that will be, it's largely a function of obviously economic growth. We're confident that as the economy expands we will grow loans. Separately, I think we'll continue to see good mortgage production on the consumer side, and we've got some other initiatives underway related to consumer lending that we think could have an impact as well. And finally, with small business, we're very pleased with our acquisition of Ascentium Capital. We think that equipment finance is an important part of potential growth, particularly in late 2021 and 2022. And so, I believe all those things can be drivers of some loan growth to offset to your point the headwinds we face with PPP and some of the exit portfolios.
Matt O'Connor: That was a good stat. The pipeline is up 50% year-over-year. Obviously, COVID was starting to be a drag in the comp a year ago. Do you happen to have that before COVID?
John Turner: Yes. It's pretty close to. So the range kind of, if I think back 14 months or so, pipelines would be reasonably comparable, not quite back to late 2019, but pretty near there.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Turner: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. Back to the capital discussion, I know you indicated in terms of capital deployment, potential M&A interest on the non-bank side. I wanted to see if you can elaborate a little bit on what areas on the non-bank side you would consider deals? And then, separately, if you could just talk about potential interest in whole bank deals, clearly you've seen a fair amount of activity in the Southeast and a lot of banks moving towards bulking up on scale. So, just want to get your updated thoughts there. Thanks.
John Turner: Yes. Okay. Well, with respect to non-bank, we've been active over the last several years acquiring capabilities in capital markets, low-income housing tax credits capabilities equipment finance obviously with Ascentium Capital and wealth management, Highland Associates or Highland Capital in the mortgage business, mortgage servicing rights. All those things reflect the kinds of interest that we still have. So, to the extent, we can acquire portfolios, acquire capabilities that we think will allow us to provide additional services to customers to grow and diversify our revenue, we're active and interested and will continue to be. With respect to bank M&A, our view still hasn't changed. We think we have a very solid plan. We want to continue to execute that plan. We believe if we do that we can deliver real value for our shareholders. We'll see the benefits in our stock price and the strengthening currency. And so, we're watching the activity that's occurring. We're evaluating it, trying to learn from it. But, our focus is on executing our plans in the markets that we operate in, and we think there's a lot of value creation associated with that for our shareholders.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thanks, John. And then, my second question is around operating efficiency. I know you indicated that your goal is to continue to produce positive operating leverage over time. Your adjusted operating efficiency ratio came in around 56.8% this quarter. Where do you see that going for the full year 2021 and maybe beyond that? Interested in what your thoughts are for 2022. Where is a fair level where that could reach? And what's a good run rate? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. So you're right we're going to stay focused on generating positive operating leverage overtime. We do that by both growing the revenue and -- because of the investments that we're making and watching our costs. We feel good about where we are with our efficiency ratio especially compared to our peer group. Obviously, that gets more challenging as the year goes as a low interest rate environment and the reinvestment risk puts more pressure on revenue. You asked about 2022. I haven't gotten to 2022 yet, but if you think about the industry I think we've got all work towards getting underneath that 55% in time and lower. But you can't do that until you get kind of normalized environment where you have normalized revenue. And if you did that being under 55% is going to be I think expected. So in the interim, you get as efficient as you can, but you still have to make the investments to grow revenue and that's what we're doing. So we've got a number of initiatives on our continuous improvement program that will continue to help us from the cost standpoint. And hopefully those continuous improvement efforts also help us grow revenue. So I know I didn't give you a specific point John, but at the end of the day we'll continue to work to get that number down overtime. 
John Pancari: No. Thanks, David. Helpful.
Operator: Your next question is from David Rochester of Compass Point. 
John Turner: Good morning.
David Rochester: Hi. Good morning, guys. On the liquidity discussion earlier can you just talk about where your purchase yields are today in securities? And then what you need to see on the rate front to get you feeling more comfortable with shifting more of that excess cash into the securities book overtime? And it sounds like you don't have much of that at all in your NII or revenue guide at this point. Is that right? 
David Turner: That's right. We've said around the edges we may deploy some of our excess cash. If you go into general mortgage bags today you may pick up 130 basis points. We're still having pressure on the front book, back book of about 40 basis points between loans and securities. So that's what weighs on us. We really need to see that 10-year getting to two-plus two and kind of stay there and feel convicted on that before we take the duration risk because we just don't want to  again, we don't want to make a short-term play for NII and feel bad about that six months from now because rates got away from us. And, I think, we're all seeing the economy improve. The pace of that we can debate. And with that should come a higher rate environment overtime. So in the interim, we're just going to be cautious. We may pick like I said a little bit of our excess cash and put it to work, but you should not expect wholesale changes through an investment in the securities book at this time. 
David Rochester: Yes. Okay. Great. Appreciate the color there. And then if for whatever reason you don't end up seeing the loan growth pan out as you expect in 2Q and maybe even into the back half of the year and the cash continues to build. Can you just talk about how that situation might impact that investment strategy if at all? And then what other steps you could take to offset some of that lost revenue? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. We continue as John mentioned looking for portfolios and things to really put not only our capital to work but to put our liquidity to work to -- to the extent that deposits continue to come in at the pace they are. One it'd be surprising because the growth that we saw primarily this quarter in consumer came from the $1.9 trillion stimulus program that we got in the quarter. So I don't think we'll continue to see it grow at that pace. But to the extent that it does and we end up -- our $23 billion at the Fed grows materially from that then we may make different decisions. But I don't think that's a very high probability. We'd much rather again find loan growth by portfolios and put a little bit it to work in the securities book.
David Rochester: All right. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities. 
John Turner: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Winter: Good morning. I wanted to follow-up on the deposit growth. What I thought was interesting was all the growth came from consumer and the commercial side was down a little. Do you think that could be an indicator that maybe in the second quarter you start to see commercial deposits coming down and maybe you get that line draw that you're looking for in the second half of the year as the indicator?
David Turner: Peter, I think, in the second quarter to see that all of a sudden happen, I don't know. We've talked to our customers one-on-one. We believe over time that they're going to probably maintain more liquidity today than they did pre-pandemic. We'll see, when we get there, but that's what we're hearing. I think the consumer growth you saw, again, it was based on the stimulus that hit during the quarter. So, I don't expect it to have that kind of growth every quarter. Although, we're growing customer accounts too and we're very pleased about new customer acquisition. On the business front, in terms of second quarter growth though I think, it's more pushed to the second half of the year as these balances get worked through their liquidity gets worked through. And as John mentioned, we're in very good markets. We're excited about the growth potential here. So it's just a matter of time, before we see the loan growth. I just don't think you're going to get that breakthrough in the second quarter.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then just on premium amortization expense, it was stable quarter-to-quarter at $50 million. If the 10-year were to increase closer to that 2% level, where does premium amortization expense go down to?
David Turner: Yes. I think, if we were to be that high, we're probably down $5 million, maybe $10-ish million somewhere there -- in there.
Peter Winter: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Jennifer Demba of Truist Securities.
David Turner: Good morning, Jennifer
Jennifer Demba: Let's go back to everyone's favorite question on M&A. What would compel you to change your stance on the whole bank M&A? Would it be that, you can't get below that 55% efficiency ratio over the medium or long term, or is there something else that you think could compel you to change your attitude there?
John Turner: Yes. I think, if our view out over the next three years, that's our strategic planning horizon was that, we couldn't continue to deliver improving returns for our shareholders that we weren't going to perform relative to our peers well then, I think we would have to consider a variety of alternatives. But today, we think we see a path to continue to grow revenue. We believe we can continue to make meaningful investments in our business, while holding our expenses relatively flat. And we think all that is a path to generating nice returns for our shareholders. And so, our perspective is unchanged. But to your question, it's possible and that's why we continue to follow the market, trying to understand what others are doing and how transactions get structured. So we're not totally -- we're not -- it's not as if we're not paying attention I guess would be my point.
Jennifer Demba: Okay. Second question is on credit. Just can you give us some color on how your more COVID-sensitive borrowers are doing now [Indiscernible] and how they should fare with stimulus [Indiscernible]? 
John Turner: Again in the markets that we operate in those economies are open and people are beginning to move around. There's a lot of pent-up demand. And as a result, we see hospitality sector whether it be restaurants or hotels continuing to -- their performance continuing to improve. Probably the biggest challenge they face is workforce and hiring people to work. Heard a number of stories sort of anecdotally over the last two-plus weeks about restaurant service being slow in so many places because, restaurant owners are having difficulty bringing their workforce back. But people are getting out. And there's I think a significant indicators that people are going to be traveling a lot this summer. And so, again, thinking about the markets we operate in that bodes well for those economies. The energy sector is doing better for sure. So all in all, credit continues to improve. And based upon what we know today, we'd expect that trajectory to continue.
Jennifer Demba: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Bill Carcache of Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning, John and David. Can you give us an update on how Regions is thinking about the use of its balance sheet in conjunction with partnerships with financial technology players? How important is it for Regions to own the customer relationship versus what's your willingness to give certain parameters for the kinds of loans that you're interested in originating to financial technology partners and letting them originate those loans for you? 
John Turner: Yes. Very important to us to own the relationship and we have experimented with partnerships. And what -- in every case, what we were seeking to determine was could we leverage that partnership back into a relationship. And where you see us beginning to exit those partnerships, it is because we ultimately concluded that they weren't relationship-building opportunities.  We are looking consistently to expand our capabilities to think about how we potentially acquire platforms that we would own that would allow us to originate credit as an example to companies or individuals who ultimately could become -- would become customers and Ascentium Capital is a great example of that. That company had some really good technology, a platform to originate credit made it easy for customers.  We liked it. We saw it as an opportunity to acquire the technology and the capabilities that very experienced team had to help us grow into the small business space to -- with companies that could potentially become Regions' depository customers, Regions' wealth management customers. And so that's I think the way you'll see us continue to use our balance sheet is to build relationships. 
Q  Bill Carcache: Understood. Separately your rationale behind wanting to get your stress capital buffer below 2.5% makes sense simply because of what it signals in terms of credit quality relative to your peers. But can you discuss from a practical perspective, what the significance is given your intention is to run with around 9.5% CET1?  So having the 2.5% stress capital buffer on top of your 4.5% minimum would set your minimum capital level at 7%. But since your intention is to run with around 9.5% anyway, is it really that big of a deal to have a little bit higher SCB? Maybe you're looking longer-term to a goal of lowering your CET1 target over time? Just if you could speak to that would be helpful. 
David Turner: You get the prize of the question of the day and you're exactly right. Today's environment, the SCB for us really doesn't come into play because there's no way in the world we would have our spot capital below 7%. And I think as an investor, most investors would have a conniption fit if we did that. So that was just a piece of it because -- but it sends a message when your peers are all under the floor of 2.5% and you're at 3%, it kind of sends this message its credit quality is worse. We don't believe that. And we wanted a very public opportunity to demonstrate that. And that's really what this was all about.  So I wouldn't say that gives us an opportunity to run our capital lower. We think our 9.5% in the middle of our range is the right number for us at this time based on the risk we see in our business. If over time risk changes, the outlook changes, we might operate lower than that. But from a practical standpoint, we're not going to get anywhere close to the 7% spot. And so you're exactly right. It wasn't done just for that purpose. 
John Turner: The only other thing I'd add is, every time we participate, we learn something. And I think it helps us continue to develop our thinking about how we manage the risk in our business, the composition of our business, the impact of various stress scenarios on our portfolios. All those things are constructive. And in addition to David's point, I think it's -- we have an opportunity to sort of reset and we want to do that. We believe that's appropriate. 
Bill Carcache: That's very helpful John and David. Thank you for taking my questions.
John Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
John Turner: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Hi. Good morning. Just a little follow-up on that. I'm still trying to understand the Board approval, which I assume you requested the size of the buyback that you requested, because when I run that through the model I'm getting to an ultimate CET1 that's below the range that you indicated today. So is that Board request a function of the max potential that you might anticipate in an environment where the loan book is not growing, or -- I'm just trying to square that the Board request versus the CET1 guide versus the loan growth outlook.
David Turner: Yes. So the main driver right now would be the CET1 guide. The $2.5 billion that we that our Board authorized grants us the flexibility to manage our capital, as we see fit without having to go back to the Board for another authorization. So it's going to be a function of how much we make, what's the environment look like, what's our capital levels look like. There are a whole host of things that go into that and that was a level that we felt comfortable that we could run with. And it gives us flexibility to manage accordingly. That's all it's about.
Betsy Graseck: And what's the expiry date on that? Is that authorization?
David Turner: Yes. It's an open authorization. There's not a date.
Betsy Graseck: Yes. Yes. So it's longer tailed. Okay. And then the second question just has to do with ESG. And the reason I'm asking is that recently we've seen several institutions put out there 2021 plans and goals. And we all know what's going on with regard to carbon footprint emission goals that the global industry has or politicians, et cetera. So the question here has to do with how you're thinking about your climate goals as it relates to your work with your customers? You're in an energy-intensive footprint. And I know for yourself you've been very clear on your climate-oriented goals and how far along you are for yourself. But I'm wondering how do you think about working with your customers on this? Is this something you would be embracing, or give us a sense as to how you're thinking about that. Thanks.
John Turner: Yes. I think about it from a couple of different perspectives. One is just managing the credit risk that's in our book today and the potential impact of climate change and transition on the industries that we bank. We're talking to our customers. We're very aware of potential impacts. We understand the exposure we have within our portfolio. And so we're actively managing that. We believe that it's important that the banking industry be part of the transition and participate in financing the transition that will occur to a more climate-friendly environment. And so we want to be actively participating. We have a very good, as an example, solar capabilities and capital markets capabilities associated with solar, and we are continuing to look for opportunities to develop capabilities that would support the transition to a more climate-friendly environment. And so we think that's a business opportunity. Beyond that we have real governance, good governance around and we spent the last two days in board meetings talking about ESG and our overall ESG plan. We will file our TCFD report mid-summer so that -- to be in compliance. And I think you'll find our disclosures around ESG to be very broad and on point. So
David Turner: So Betsy, I'll add to that that -- so we started with our own emissions kind of in scope 1 and then we went into the vendors that we used and how are they thinking about ESG going into customers and how they do that. So this is an ongoing process and we'll stay committed to getting that done over time. I do want to clarify the -- I misspoke on the share repurchase. That runs through next year, through the first quarter of next year. So it is not open. It's basically a year.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. All right. Yeah. That's why I was a little bit like confused around the messaging you were trying to send with regard to the size of the buyback versus the CET1 range. And I guess your messaging is "Hey we wanted max flexibility."
David Turner: That's correct.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thanks.
John Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question is from Christopher Marinac of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Christopher Marinac: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to circle on the difference between your new loan yields and what was on balance sheet this quarter?
David Turner: Yeah. Our total on our front book, back book is -- between securities and loans is about 40 basis points. From a loan standpoint, I think that component is pretty close. It's maybe 10, 15 basis points, a little more on the securities book.
Christopher Marinac: David, as you look at this type of environment, what causes that to narrow or change in the future? Is it something that's possible, or it will take a while?
David Turner: No, it can change. Your mix has a lot to do with it in terms of what you're footing on versus what's rolling off. We have different portfolios we've invested in. We see growth in our small business through our newly acquired Ascentium Capital. Those have a tendency to have higher yields that could be helpful. But we are seeing some of our customers access the capital markets and that puts a little pressure on loan growth. And when those clients leave, it's tough to get that replaced at the yield that we had them on. So as the economy opens, we think we see more activity and we think the rate environment will improve a bit commensurate with that increased economic activity.
Christopher Marinac: Great. That's helpful. Thanks very much for all your comments.
David Turner: Thank you.
John Turner: Thank you.
John Turner: Okay. Well that concludes I think all the question and answer. So thank you very much. I appreciate your participation today and your interest in Regions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Shelby, and Ill be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Shelby. Welcome to Regions fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. John and David will provide some high-level commentary regarding the quarter and full-year results. Earnings documents, including forward-looking statements, are available under the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments, and the Q&A. I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thanks, Dana, and thank you for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying that we are very pleased with our fourth quarter and full-year results. We achieved a great deal despite a challenging interest rate and operating environment. Earlier this morning, we reported full-year earnings of $991 million, reflecting our highest level of adjusted pre-tax pre-provision income in more than a decade, resulting in adjusted positive operating leverage of 2.6%. Over the last 10-plus years, we've made significant strides toward our goal of positioning the company to generate consistent, sustainable long-term performance. We've enhanced our credit, interest rate and operational risk management processes and platforms. We've sharpened our focus on appropriate risk-adjusted returns and capital allocation. These actions position us well to weather the economic downturn caused by the pandemic and to serve as a strong foundation for growth. Despite a year of unprecedented uncertainty, we remain focused on what we can control and our efforts are paying off. During 2020, we grew consumer and small business checking accounts by 1.5%. We increased corporate loan production by 6%. We made investments in talent, target markets, technology, and digital capabilities, and we expanded and enhanced products across the consumer and corporate bank, incorporating changing customer preferences and learnings from the pandemic. In 2021 and beyond, we will continue to focus on growing our business by investing in areas that allow us to make banking easier for our customers and while continuing to provide our associates with the tools they need to be competitive. We will make incremental adjustments to our business by leveraging our strengths and investing in areas where we believe we can consistently win over time. We did this by adding mortgage loan originators when rates were still rising, positioning us to better capitalize on mortgage activity. We also expanded our small business platform through the Ascentium acquisition, as well as our enhanced SBA technology platform. In closing, we're very proud of our achievements in 2020, but none of these will be possible without the hard work and dedication of our 20,000 associates. This year has posed a myriad of challenges. However, our associates took action, providing best-in-class customer service, successfully executing on our strategy, and maintaining strong risk management practices in the face of a rapidly evolving operating environment, all of which contributed to our success. Now, Dave will provide you with some details regarding the quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet. While adjusted average loans were up for the year, they decreased 2% in the fourth quarter. New and renewed commercial loan production increased 25% compared to the third quarter. However, balances remain negatively impacted by historically low utilization levels. As of year-end, commercial line utilization was just under 40% compared to historical average of 45%. Commercial loan balances were further impacted by the company's active portfolio management efforts during the quarter. Approximately $408 million worth of commercial loans were either sold or transferred to held for sale. Additionally, PPP forgiveness began during the quarter resulting in a $415 million reduction in average loan balances. Consumer loan growth, again, reflected strong mortgage production offset by runp-off portfolios. Overall, we expect 2021 adjusted average loan balances to be down by low-single-digits compared to 2020. However, after excluding the impact of this quarter's portfolio management efforts, we expect adjusted ending loans to grow by low-single-digits. With respect to deposits, balances continue to increase this quarter to new record levels. Full-year average deposits are 17% higher than 2019 with most of the growth coming in noninterest bearing to core operating accounts across all three business segments. The increase is primarily due to higher balances. However, we are also experiencing new account growth. We expect near-term deposit balances will continue to increase particularly as the second round of stimulus is dispersed. Let's shift to net interest income and margin, which remain a significant source of stability for Regions. Net interest income increased 2% during the quarter, and as expected income increased 2% during the quarter, and as expected, remained relatively stable excluding the benefit from PPP forgiveness. Similar to prior quarters the impact from lower loan balances and low long term rates was mostly offset by our cash management strategies, lower deposit costs, and higher average notional values of active loan hedges. Net interest margin was stable in link quarter at 3.13%. Deposit growth drove cash we hold at the Federal Reserve to record levels averaging over $13 billion and reducing fourth quarter margin by 34 basis points. PPP benefited net interest income through the realization of approximately $24 million of fees related to forgiveness. In total, the PPP program contributed 7 basis points to the margin. Excluding excess cash and PPP, our normalized net interest margin remained stable at 3.4%, evidencing our proactive balance sheet management despite a near zero short term rate environment. Loan hedges added $97 million to net interest income and 30 basis points to the margin. Higher average hedged notional values drove a $3 million increase compared to the third quarter. Our last four starting hedges began earlier this month. So going forward, we expect roughly $100 million of hedge related interest income in each quarter at current rate levels until hedges begin to mature in late 2023. Our hedges have a remaining life of four years and provide protection for 2026. We continue to look for opportunities to deploy excess cash, balancing risk and return. Of note, incremental securities currently come with larger premiums, which increased our quarterly premium amortization run rate, but that is factored into the overall net benefit. Total premium amortization was $51 million this quarter and would be in the low $40 million range excluding booked premium increases and elevated Ginnie Mae buy-out activity. Interest-bearing deposit costs fell 6 basis points in the quarter to 13 basis points, contributing $10 million to net interest income. Looking ahead to the first quarter, PPP-related net interest income is expected to be relatively stable with the fourth quarter. However, the timing of PPP loan forgiveness and participation in the second round of funding remains uncertain. Fewer days will reduce first quarter NII by roughly $12 million. After level setting for days, net interest income is expected to be modestly lower quarter-over-quarter, mostly attributable to lower average loan balances. The impact of lower -- long-term rates will continue to be offset by the benefits from hedging, cash management strategies, and lower deposit costs. Now let's take a look at fee revenue and expense. Adjusted non-interest income increased 7% quarter-over-quarter. We achieved record capital markets income driven primarily by increased M&A activity. Mortgage delivered another solid quarter and for the full year, generated record production and related revenue. Looking ahead to 2021, we expect mortgage and capital markets to continue to be significant contributors to fee revenue. Excluding the impact of CVA/DVA, we expect capital markets to generate quarterly revenue in the $55 million to $65 million on average. Service charges increased 5% but remain below prior year levels. While improving, we believe changes in customer behavior as well as continued enhancements to our overdraft practices and transaction postings are likely to keep service charges below pre-pandemic levels. Although we expect the impact of these changes will be partially offset by continued account growth, we estimate 2021 service charges will grow but remain approximately 10% to 15% below 2019 levels. Card and ATM fees have recovered compared to the prior year, driven primarily by increased debit card expense. And while credit cards spend continues to improve, it remains slightly behind prior year levels. Given the timing of interest rate changes in 2020, combined with exceptionally strong fee income performance, we expect 2021 adjusted total revenue to be down modestly compared to the prior year. But this will be dependent on the timing and amount of PPP forgiveness and loan growth. Lets move on to non-interest expense. Adjusted non-interest expenses increased 5% in the quarter, driven by higher incentive compensation related primarily to record capital markets activities. Although base salaries were 2% lower compared to the third quarter as we remain focused on our continuous improvement process, associate headcount decreased 2% quarter-over-quarter and 1% year-over-year. And excluding the impact of our Ascentium acquisition, the associate headcount decreased over 3% in 2020. We will continue to prudently manage expenses while investing in technology, products, and people to grow our business. In 2021, we expect adjusted non-interest expenses to remain stable to down modestly compared to 2020. We remain committed to generating positive operating leverage over time but acknowledged 2021 will be challenging without a stronger economy than currently anticipated. From an asset quality perspective, overall credit continues to perform better than expected. Annualized net charge-offs were 43 basis points, a 7-basis point improvement over the prior quarter, reflecting improvement primarily within our commercial portfolios. Non-performing loans, total delinquencies, and business services criticize loans all remained relatively stable. Our allowance for credit losses declined 5 basis points to 2.69% of total loans and 308% of total non-accrual loans. Excluding PPP loans, our allowance for credit losses was 2.81% of total loans. The decline in reserves reflects stabilization in our economic outlook and improved credit performance, charge-offs previously provided for, and the impact of active portfolio management. The allowance reduction resulted in a net $38 million benefit to the provision. Our year-end allowance remains one of the highest in our peer group as measured against a period-in loans or stress losses as modeled by the Federal Reserve. As we look forward, we are mindful of the uncertainty that exists in the economy due to the pandemic. However, we are mindful of the uncertainty that exists in the economy due to the pandemic. However, we are cautiously optimistic as we move beyond events before the source of uncertainty in prior quarters. Further reductions in the allowance will depend on the timing of charge-offs and greater certainty with respect to the path of the economic recovery. While charge-offs can be volatile quarter-to-quarter, we currently expect full-year 2021 net charge-offs to range from 55 to 65 basis points. Additionally, based on what we know today, we continue to expect charge-offs to peak in mid-2021. With respect to capital, our common equity Tier 1 ratio increased approximately 50 basis points to an estimated 9.8% inside of our current operating range of 9.5% to 10%. In the near term, we intend to operate at the higher end of this range. So, wrapping up, on the next slide are our 2021 expectations which we have already addressed. So, in summary, we are cautiously optimistic about 2021. Pretax pre-provision income remains strong, expenses are well controlled, credit quality is showing resilience, capital and liquidity are solid, and we are optimistic on the prospect for the economic recovery to continue in our markets. With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. Good morning. David, the first one is for you, as we think about total adjusted revenue, how should we -- expectations, how should we think about what you're thinking about PPP 2.0 participation and also whether or not loans originated in PPP 2.0 are going to be forgiven in 2021? And the second part of that question is you have seven times as much cash as you did a year ago -- a quarter year ago and also what your expectations are for where those cash levels level out in 2021?
David Turner: Okay. Well, good morning. Let me start with PPP, so we originated about $5 billion for the PPP loans this year. Now, the rules were changing early on as you know and some of our customers actually gave us money back before we really earned much yield on it. So at the end of the year, as you can see on our page 20 in the supplement, PPP loans amount to $3.6 billion at December 31. We forgave approximately $1 billion for the loans in 2020 and that was really in the fourth quarter where we generated from the forgiveness piece alone $24 million that we disclosed to you. As we think about PPP 2.0, we estimate at least at this time, that we'd originate approximately $2 billion in PPP loans. Now, the timing and the ultimate amount of that is uncertain as is the forgiveness with the existing $3.6 billion. So we've given you the pieces that you can do some scenario analysis in terms of how you think that may come into income. Clearly, loans that are forgiven quicker come into 2021 and would help from a revenue standpoint. Your second piece of the question is on cash. So, you're right. We do have quite a bit of cash. Our deposit growth was quite strong during the year both in Consumer and Wealth, and also in the Corporate Banking group. So all three of those had nice growth. We have deployed some of that cash in the securities book as you've seen and we have gotten a little bit of steepening of late. The problem is mortgage spreads is tight another way and, therefore, you really don't have a great place to put the cash, and we're reluctant to take on duration risk at this time. And that being said, we are mindful of more stimulus, could steepen out even further, which would give us a better entry point to put that cash. But until we see that, we really are going to have that cash at the Fed earning 10 basis points, which we understand does weigh on our revenue but we think that's the most prudent path.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my second question is for John. Kudos to you and your team for trading at 1.5 times tangible book in the middle of a global pandemic. Really fit the balance sheet management and the expense management that your team has executed. I'm wondering as you emerge from this crisis stronger you know what your thoughts are on using that currency for inorganic opportunities.
John Turner: Erika, our point of view on that really hasn't changed. We want to continue to look for opportunities to make nonbank acquisitions, to expand our capabilities, to help us grow and diversify our revenue. We think the acquisitions that we've made over the last few years have proven to be fruitful as evidenced by over the last few years have proven to be fruitful, as evidenced by, as an example, the great quarter that we had in capital markets, largely driven by M&A activity. We also had a good quarter in low-income housing tax credits and syndications of that business. Ascentium Capital, were excited about what we think it can mean for the future. So that's our primary focus. With respect to bank acquisitions, our view of that -- about that hasn't changed. We think we have a really solid plan if we continue to execute our plan, continue to build a consistently performing, sustainable business that, over time, we will continue to benefit from generating nice returns for our shareholders. Our currency will get stronger. And if an opportunity comes along in the future, we would then have an opportunity to consider it. But our focus is on executing our plan.
Erika Najarian: Great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hey. Good morning, guys. Just a follow-up on the loan side. You give us that nice adjusted number and reconciliation in the back. Just wondering if you can help us understand also underneath that, the auto book and the runoff that's still happening on the portfolio loan sale that you called out. So it looked like that averaged about $2.7 million, the auto stuff in 2020, and you think that's going to look like as you look forward into 2021.
John Turner: Well, I think, again, if you go back to that, youre referring to page 20 in the supplement, and we really want to level-set because our point is if you kind of cut to the core of our business, we think, end-to-end, we can grow loans. We said we'd grow low-single digits, but we'll still -- we're going to continue to have the pace of runoff that you see there with regards to our exit portfolios. You see just in the quarter, we were down some $140 million on indirect other and we were down about $200 million on vehicles. We see that pace continuing the way on total loans. But trying to see the message our core business we're in great markets. We expect there to be somewhat of a rebound but it'll be towards the back half that matter, which really is dependent on the economic recovery.
Ken Usdin: Yeah. I understand and that's exactly I was going to follow up David. As you look through the commercial books and like where would you expect that to be seen the most in terms of that economic recovery starting to show up in that regular way loan book? Thanks.
John Turner: Yeah. I think a big part of that is going to be in things like health care and would be a big one, financial services, elements of manufacturing we think are also capable of growing. Those are, those will be three areas that we would really point to at this time.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And the second question just to -- on the expenses you guys done a very good job holding the line on cost of keeping a close to flat. There are some of the peers are starting to talk about extra investments and fronting of things that might have come over time. Just wanted to hear how you guys are strategically thinking about that? Are you, are you putting in enough as you save to keep flat and how do you think about that strategically as you go forward? Thanks.
John Turner: Yeah. So, again we've been pretty consistent with our message on investments. We've invested in people, so mortgage loan originators is an example. Wealth advisors be another one. We've had relationship managers. So, we have to continue to make investments in the people side there. We continue to make investments in technology and cyber and digital. We have to keep doing that to serve our customers. We also are cognizant of the fact that when revenues is challenge, we havent forgot how to pay for that so that we can keep our expenses relatively stable to down as we're indicating. So what we do is we look at things like our head count, it's 55% of our costs. We look at occupancy costs. We look at third-party vendors, furniture fixtures and equipment. We've been really good at keeping that cost down. And we're on reef -- continue to focus on it through our continuous improvement program in those same areas in 2021.
Ken Usdin: Understood. Thanks David.
John Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jennifer Demba of Truist Securities.
Jennifer Demba: Good morning. Just curious about the loan loss reserve and where you see that going over the course of 2021. Do you think this will go back to your day one people reserve level or do you think that might occur more in 2022?
David Turner: Yeah. It's a great question and there's a lot of uncertainty with regards to that. You can see our slide that we have that's on page 20 of our deck where we break out the component parts where the reserve is moving. Jennifer, that the -- there's still uncertainty with regards to the economic recovery as evidenced by the federal government stimulus program. So, we need to see more certainty with regards to where we think losses will ultimately be. We think there's a risk that those have been just pushed out a bit, that they're still there. And until we have clarity that they're not, we're going to keep the reserves at an appropriate level. We are mindful of the fact that timing of charge offs matter on the reserves. The macroeconomic factors which we have to measure every quarter end is important to us. And so we think ultimately we can get there when times are good. Im not confident, we were not confident that that can happen in 2021 and the pace of reserves coming down again will be dependent on the things I've just mentioned.
Jennifer Demba: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Your next question is from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Good. Maybe we get start off David, you guys had an interesting slide in the deck at the back of the deck on the LIBOR transition. The question I have for you is do you think there's any possibility of that drop dead date being pushed out from the end of the year? And then second when you look at that slide one of the top two or three risks that you're focused on to ensure that there's a smooth transition here?
David Turner: Well, so answer your first part of that question is there is a chance that this all this gets pushed out a bit. I think what most people are finding is that this is much more difficult than just changing an index. It so, it permeates a lot of our business. I would say our loan book but our derivatives book and how we transition is really important. How we get our systems updated as a risk that we have to be mindful of. From a competitive standpoint what index will our customers prefer to go to and we deal with large customers. And we deal with middle market and small business customers and a lot of our competitors may use a different index. And so we need to transitioning in that front will be important for us. We need to see the term structures continue to develop, so that we can effectively hedge our interest rate risk without having basis risk at same time. So, a lot of contract. Its just a big body of work, Gerard. And having more time would be helpful.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And John a bigger picture for -- bigger question, a big picture question I should say for you is that reasons obviously your quarter was quite strong, your peers are putting up good numbers as well. The industry appears to be positioned to benefit from this economic recovery that many people are forecasting that time -- that's tied to the vaccine rollout. Can you share with us when you go down the elevator at night, what are the risks that you think about as you look out over the next 12 to 18 months that you don't want to lose sight of?
David Turner: Well as I say to our team every day, we can't take anything for granted and we continue to see improvement in our business. We've done a great job I think over the last 10 plus months working through a very challenging environment. The industry has done a great job. We're still confronting a number of crises across the country whether they be health related, the economy, the political environment we're operating in, social unrest all those things potentially impact our business. And so, we can't take anything for granted. We've got to continue to focus on the risks in our business make sure that we are executing well, that we're continuing to recruit our talent internally and externally every day to keep an engaged and active team. And I think we do those things and stay focused we do those things as they focus on things that we can control, which is how we take care of our customers, how we respond to each other. Its about the investments that we make in technology and in our business. If we do those things, then I think were doing a good job of managing the risks that are in our business and we'll deliver that consistent sustainable long-term performance. It's about really focusing on what we can control.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. I just wanted to dig in a little bit on the NCO guide of 55 basis points to 65 basis points for 2021 and just kind of understand how to think about the trajectory among the different asset classes because consumer tends to be fairly mechanistic with the day calendar roll. But C&I and career obviously a little bit more at your discretion. So maybe give a sense as to how we should anticipate the cadence throughout the year goes.
John Turner: Yeah. So I think, as we've guided to 55 basis points to 65 basis points and that we believe charge-offs will peak in the first half of the year, that's really a reflection of the fact that our view is we've got some corporate bank or commercial wholesale credits whether theyd be a typical C&I or invest real estate to work through in the first half of the year. On the other hand, consumer which has performed exceptionally well we think will continue to exhibit really good credit quality particularly with the additional stimulus pumped into the economy. And so, if charge-offs rise in the consumer sector, that's likely to be in the second half of the year as its the way we think about it.
Betsy Graseck: And then these charge-offs are -- youve already reserved for them, so we should anticipate release to manage the charge offs as they come through?
John Turner: Yeah. I think you got a really -- that word release has always bothered me. But the reserve should go down because of the charge-offs. And then the question is how much do you need in reserve for the remaining portfolio? And so, if you're a portfolio of loans isn't growing and the credit quality isnt changing and the macroeconomic factors aren't changing, then you wouldn't re-provide because the theory is you already did that. And so that's a straightforward as I know how to make it.
Betsy Graseck: Do you like the word match better?
John Turner: No. But basically what you're saying is -- my point I don't mean to be flippant but my point is there are two independent thoughts in charge-off or charge-offs. Then you settle down and you figure out what your reserve needs to be under CECL. And you can't, you can't think of it in the context of the old accounting. That's what I'm trying to get about everything.
Betsy Graseck: Are you suggesting though that the economy is getting better, you should have reserve release ahead of the net charge off recognition then that's also another possibility?
John Turner: That's, that's absolutely right. That's why I would give you the analysis we did on that page 20 to show you what the moving parts are on analyzing the reserve. You got charge offs, you get a change in the outlook and then you have other qualitative factors and model considerations that you have to consider. So you're absolutely right, if the economic outlook continues to get better, then you would expect not to need the reserves that you booked. And that is that's a true release.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. And when are you making those reserve decisions is that at the end of the quarter like December 31 or is that something you're doing earlier in the quarter?
John Turner: Well, we have our teams -- this is what they do every day, but were -- its incumbent upon us every balance sheet date to look at the facts that exist at that point in time and make our ultimate determination. So, yeah, as you remember, the first quarter of last year, one week to the next week was dramatic shifts in the macroeconomic environment. So you can't make a call until you get to the end of a quarter.
Betsy Graseck: Right. Okay. And then just separately on CET1, I know your CET1 range that you've given is 9.5% to 10%. And given that you're at 9.8% currently, how does that impact your decision on timing for repurchases? Can you give us a sense as to -- are you waiting until you hit 10% and then commence or anywhere in that range is fair game?
John Turner: Well, we said that for the near-term we -- that's our range. We're probably going to want to operate at the higher end of that range just because, as we mentioned minute ago, uncertainty continues in the economy. But 10% is our number right now. If we continue to accrete over that then we would be in position subject to the other regulatory tests that we have to have begun to repurchase our shares. As John mentioned earlier though, we really want to use our capital to grow organically, to grow -- do a nonbank transaction to pay an appropriate dividend. But we will use share repurchases to keep ourselves, at least today, at that -- closer to that 10% level. And it could vary a bit just because what happens right at month end. But if we get clarity that maybe we don't need 10% and its something lower than that then we'll readjust our share buyback based on our new capital number.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
John Turner: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good morning, good morning. I appreciate the net interest income details you gave in terms of outlook. I just want to see if you can comment a little bit around the margin and how that could trend for your full year expectation and maybe into next quarter just given the liquidity dynamics as well as obviously the PPP dynamics? Thanks.
David Turner: Yeah. John, so I think from a margin standpoint, we do have a little bit of an anomaly. This first quarter we have a two-day change, so it'll hurt us by that $12 million on NII but it'll help the margin a little bit. So you could see that go actually up a little bit. And we think though, if you look at it in total for the year, we think our margin will trend down into that 330 range. And then we're talking about our core margin now ex-cash in PPP. We think the full year margin will be down about 4 or 5 basis points from where we are today. And if we look at with cash and PPP, we think we'll be down 3 or 4 basis points if we look at the full year number. Hopefully that helps you.
John Pancari: No, that does, that does. Thank you. And then just want a competitive backdrop, obviously we've seen a lot of activity in terms of recent bank deals in the set that are impacting the Southeast. And can you just talk about are you beginning to see any competitive strain show up either in loan pricing or other areas that were not as obvious even a year ago or so? And then separately, are you seeing opportunities potentially on talent or customer acquisition as a result of those deals, so theyre on your backyard? Thanks.
David Turner: Yeah. I dont know that were necessarily seeing a change lets say in competition. Theres a lot of competition because theres a tremendous amount of liquidity in the market. So, whether itd be bank competitors, non-bank competitors, when we see good opportunities theyre very competitive. And in fact we recently lost a few what we would characterize as good opportunities to pretty aggressive pricing. Having said that, again I wouldn't say that's a change as a result of new announcements in the marketplace, bank combinations or anything of that nature. Just people looking for opportunities to and particularly I'd say community banks in the middle market space looking to acquire assets and get some yield. With regard to just disruption, I'd say we feel like we've been able to recruit some really quality talent in the market and that's something that we stay focused on all the time. So, whether there is an announced bank transaction creating some disruption or a stable market, our challenge to our team is to always be looking for the best talent in the markets that we operate in and we have through the pandemic, I think added a number of bankers and senior leaders that we are excited about both in our customer facing businesses and in our, in our staff functions. And so I'd say talent acquisition has been good and we expect it will continue to be.
John Pancari: Well, thank you that's helpful. I'm sorry if I could ask just one more on the margin front. Would anything really -- what would change your view about potentially putting some of that excess liquidity to work in the bond portfolio? I know you indicated a lack of interest there, but would it only be a material move in rates beyond what we've seen or is there anything else that would make it put money to work? Thanks.
David Turner: Yeah. I think that's the primary. If we could see a steepening effect occur where we have opportunities to -- well take a little bit of risk there. If we continue to see deposit growth continuing to grow where we have even more cash than we have now, could be an opportunity. But again, we really don't want to continue. We've grown our securities both fairly strong compared to our peers, now some have more cash than we do, but we're all trying to figure this out. We're all trying to figure out what type of risk we want to run. And I think for us it's just -- its more rate-driven than anything, John.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question is from Dave Rochester of Compass Point.
Dave Rochester: Hey, good morning. So you guys have done a great job reducing higher cost borrowings in the last year, I know there isn't much of that left. I was just wondering if you're assuming any further reduction later this year?
John Turner: Yeah. So your question is what have we done to reposition -- the liability management and how much further we
David Turner: Weve done a good job reducing higher cost borrowers, do we have -- or are false about any other opportunities.
John Turner: Yeah. So we're running a little thinner today in terms of opportunities. What we try to do is things that where we don't have liquidity values that we end up taking that out, call it because we have so much cash on hand. We have some marginal opportunities that we're looking at right now Not as many as we have this past year. We have a lot of calls. Were out FLHB all together, things over $8 billion, we call it. But theres some small opportunities still left that were going to continue to evaluate including things in the preferred stock arena too.
Dave Rochester: Okay. And then maybe just one quick bit on the margin. What's the roll on, roll off differential at this point to loan book? And then to the extent that you're buying securities to maybe keep the portfolio stable at this point, I guess where are you guys seeing those yields currently?
John Turner: Well, let me talk about it in total. So, we have about $12 billion each year of cash flows. We have to put the work and front both back both piece of that is about $115 million today. It's up a little bit than it had been about 1%, it's about $115 million now. And so, we think we've done a pretty good job through our liability management, cash management strategies to neutralize rate even at the long end. But I think of course we have our hedges on the short end. So, we think we've neutralized rates and our ability to really grow NII I and the resulting margin is really going to be predicated on growing our loan book, the size and mix and then the timing of the PPP program as I mentioned earlier.
Operator: Our final question is from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Hey guys. I just wonder if you could remind us of the strategy in the cap of market business. Obviously it's very strong this quarter but a couple of quarters ago was also very strong. So, remind us target of customer and just how it's integrated with the overall firm.
John Turner: Yeah. So weve been investing in that business since 2014 and made a couple of acquisitions to help build it, been acquiring talent to help build out our capabilities, and were really pleased with the progress. That function was established to really help us leverage capital markets capabilities into our existing customer base and through the creation of some industry verticals, also build a portfolio of new customer opportunities by, again, leveraging capital markets as a mechanism for acquiring new customers. We're doing that both in our commercial and corporate banking business in particular and in our real estate business. One of the very first acquisitions we made was of a Fannie DUS license, and that real estate permanent placement business has been really solid. We had another good quarter in the fourth quarter and expect that we will in the future. So our objective is to combine our capital markets bankers working closely with our industry experts and our local bankers to deliver our capital markets capabilities, whether it be debt placement, the capital-raising activities, M&A derivatives, foreign exchange. All those things are accreting very nicely to us and helping us grow the capital markets business, and our expectation is that we'll continue to see that as the business matures.
Matt O'Connor: And I guess the commentary about it being in the $55 million to $65 million range in the near term here, is there just kind of a conservative approach being taken on that, or were there just a couple of lumpy things that really drove the outsized results in the quarter?
John Turner: Yeah. The bonus is episodic, it ebbs and flows and what we found is that over the last six years as weve been building it, we sort of reach a point of equilibrium where we step up to the next level, so to speak. And so I think maybe a year, to year and a half two years ago we were giving guidance that it was a $40 million to $50 million a quarter kind of business. And now we're increasing that guidance because we think there's more recurring sustainable revenue which will be complemented by the episodic revenue that things that happened that we weren't anticipating, that certainly was the case this quarter when we had a number of M&A transactions that got completed prior to the end of the year pulled forward as a result of customers being eager to get something done in 2020. And so don't anticipate that for the second -- for the first quarter. And we certainly don't plan on that in 2021. So we've guided to sort of a new level of what we would say is more likely consistent performance in that business.
Dana Nolan: Okay. Well, if there are no further questions, we very much appreciate your interest and participation today. And have a good weekend. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Shelby, and I will be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Shelby. Welcome to Regions third quarter 2020 earnings call. John and David will provide high level commentary regarding the quarter. Earnings documents, including forward-looking statements, are available under the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments, and the Q&A segment of todays call. With that, I will now turn it over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and thank you all for joining our call today. Before we get started, I want to mention that were taking a slightly different approach to our call today. Rather than walk you through our results in detail, well speak the key highlights we think are most important, and then open it up for your questions. Hopefully, youll find this approach to be a little more efficient use of your time. Were very pleased with our third quarter results. We reported earnings of $501 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.52, a 33% increase over the prior year. We continued to experience nice revenue growth while prudently managing expenses, generating the highest adjusted pretax pre-provision income in over a decade. Our core banking operations remain strong. We achieved record levels of deposits with growth across all three business segments. We continued to see growth in consumer and small business checking accounts. And despite the uncertain environment, our customers appear to be relatively healthy and are appropriately adapting their spending habits. As a result, most credit metrics improved. And weve been very pleased with a significant decline in loan deferrals. Our customer assistance program appears to have worked as intended with the vast majority of customers who previously received deferrals now return to normal payment schedule. Our results also reflect the success of simplifying growth, our Continuous Improvement initiative. We continued to carefully manage expenses while making strategic investments to grow our business. Our third quarter adjusted efficiency ratio was the lowest in 12 years, and our investments in mortgage and digital are paying off. Year-to-date mortgage production is more than double that of last year. Our focus on enhancing the digital experience is also resonating with customers. Digital logins are up 22%, mobile deposits are up 50%, and digital account openings are up 24%. And our recently redesigned iPhone app currently has a 4.7 star rating. Thus far, the Southeast seems to have fared generally better economically during the pandemic than other areas of the country. States across our footprint were among the last to shelter in place and the first to reopen. As a result, the unemployment rate has generally been around 200 basis points below the national average, contributing to a relatively stronger GDP. We remain cautiously optimistic about the pace of economic recovery in our footprint, and client sentiment continues to improve. As a result, given what we know today, we believe the credit risk in our loan portfolio is appropriately reserved and losses will be manageable. Before I turn the call over to David, I want to recognize Barb Godin. Earlier this quarter, Barb announced her plan to retire by the end of the year. So, this will be Barbs last earnings call. Barb will retire after 45 years in banking. She joined Regions in 2003 and was named Chief Credit Officer during the height of the financial crisis. Over the last 10 years, as Chief Credit Officer, Barb has done a terrific job leading our credit risk organization through a period of tremendous change. Over that time, Barbs contribution was recognized by the American Banker as one of the most powerful women in banking. Shes truly done a great job for Regions, and well miss her presence every day. I hope you all will join me in thanking Barb for all shes done and congratulating her on a well-deserved retirement. Thank you, Barb. With that, I thank you for your time and attention, and will now turn it over to David.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Lets start with the balance sheet. Average adjusted loans decreased 3%. While commercial pipelines remain healthy, business customers continue to deleverage and repay their defensive draws taken earlier in the year. While commitments have not changed appreciably, line utilization is at historic lows. Consumer growth was driven by very strong mortgage production, which has been more than double year-to-date versus the prior year. With respect to deposits, balances increased record levels again this quarter. Growth in corporate bank deposits was driven by clients consolidating their liquidity as well as increased benefit from supply chain efficiencies and declines in working asset levels. Consumer deposits also increased as we continue to grow consumer checking accounts, and customers have adjusted spending and savings behaviors. Lets shift to net interest income and margin, which remains a source of stability for Regions, despite a challenging market interest rate backdrop. Linked quarter, net interest income increased 2%, aided by our hedging program, the deployment of excess cash into securities and a number of items that may not repeat, which are described on the slide. These benefits were offset by lower loan balances. Elevated cash levels impacted net interest margin, which declined to 3.13%. Strong deposit growth drove cash levels at the total reserve higher, averaging roughly $10 billion. This, coupled with $4.5 billion of average low spread PPP loans reduced the margin by 28 basis points within the quarter and 9 basis points linked quarter. We continue to work on reducing elevated cash levels and added approximately $3 billion of agency mortgage-backed securities and agency commercial mortgage-backed securities. Additionally, we reduced wholesale borrowings through a $1 billion bank debt tender and the early extinguishment of approximately $400 million of FHLB advances. Given that the majority of our hedges are now active and our ability to further reduce deposit cost, our balance sheet is largely insulated from the low short-term rate environment. In fact, additional income from lower short-term rates helped to offset some of the long-term rate degradation. Loan hedges added approximately $94 million to net interest income and 30 basis points to the margin. Recall our hedges have roughly five-year tenors and a quarter-end pretax unrealized market valuation of $1.8 billion, an important differentiator and source of regulatory capital in the coming years. Lower long-term interest rates negatively impacted net interest income and net interest margin for an increase in securities premium amortization and the continued reinvestment of our portfolio of fixed rate loans and securities. Premium amortization was $46 million and included the impact of Ginnie Mae buyouts that arent likely to repeat at the same level. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, uncertainty about the timing of PPP loan forgiveness and the related fee acceleration may create volatility in net interest income. After level setting for third quarter items that may not repeat and excluding PPP loan forgiveness, we expect net interest income to be relatively flat to modestly lower as hedging benefits and further declines in deposit costs will help to offset continued pressure from long-term rates, asset remixing and runoff. Excluding PPP and excess cash, our core net interest margin is expected to stabilize in the 3.30%s. Notably, our shift to deploy $3 billion of cash into securities will reduce the normalized margin by 6 basis points, but benefit net interest income. Now, lets take a look at fee revenue and expense. Adjusted noninterest income increased 6% quarter-over-quarter. We achieved record mortgage income and had another solid quarter in capital markets. Service charges increased 16%, but remained below prior year levels. While improving, we believe changes in customer behavior could keep service charges below pre-pandemic levels. We estimate consumer service charges will remain approximately $30 million to $35 million per quarter behind prior year levels. Card and ATM fees have recovered compared to the prior year, primarily driven by increased debit card spend. However, credit card spend continues to be slightly behind prior year levels. Lets move on to noninterest expense. Adjusted noninterest expenses were $889 million and represented a 1% decrease quarter-over-quarter. Excluding COVID-related expenses and the impact of changes in market valuation on employee benefit accounts, adjusted expenses were $872 million. We have a proven track record of prudent expense management. Since announcing our Continuous Improvement initiative in 2016, weve held adjusted expenses relatively flat, while continuing to invest in technology, products and people to grow our business. Continuous Improvement is ingrained in our culture. We have completed approximately 50% of the current list of initiatives and are continuing to identify new opportunities every day. We are facing an uncertain operating environment. And to the extent revenue is challenged, we will look for additional efficiency opportunities. From an asset quality perspective, overall, credit remains generally in line with our expectations from the second quarter. The credit loss provision totaled $113 million, resulting in an allowance equal to 2.74% of total loans and 316% of total nonaccrual loans. Excluding PPP loans, our allowance for credit losses increased to 2.9% of total loans. Nonperforming loans increased 19 basis points to 0.87% of total loans, primarily attributable to downgrades in retail, investor real estate and energy. Business services criticized loans and total delinquencies decreased 12% and 11%, respectively, while troubled debt restructured loans increased 3%. The improvement in criticized loans were generally in retail where we noted improvements due to strong anchor tenants. Additionally, some improvements were experienced in aspects of energy and manufacturing. Annualized net charge-offs were 50 basis points, a 30 basis-point improvement over the prior quarter. We are cautiously optimistic about the pace of the economic recovery in our footprint. However, we also recognize we remain in the highly uncertain environment. Assuming positive trends continue, we do not believe further increases to the allowance are necessary. Reductions in the allowance will depend on the timing of charge-offs and greater certainty with respect to the path of the economic recovery. While charge-offs can be volatile, we currently expect the fourth quarter to range from 55 to 65 basis points. This range reflects the historical pattern of elevated consumer charge-offs in the fourth quarter. Predicting the timing of net charge-offs depends on many variables, including any additional stimulus. However, based on what we know today, we would expect charge-offs to peak around mid-2021. We continue to refine our view of high-risk portfolios through ongoing conversations with customers and market observations. The portion of our portfolio considered to be at the highest risk of potential loss due to the pandemic declined from $8.4 billion at the end of last quarter to $6.6 billion at September 30th. A roll-forward of the high-risk portfolios is included in the appendix. Wrapping up with capital, our common equity Tier 1 ratio increased approximately 40 basis points to an estimated 9.3%, and capital ratios are expected to continue increasing over the next several quarters. So, in summary, we feel really good about the quarter. Pretax pre-provision income remains strong. Expenses are well-controlled. Credit quality is showing resilience. Capital and liquidity are solid. And we are optimistic on the prospect for the economic recovery to continue in our markets. With that, were happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Good morning, everyone. I was wondering if you could -- and congratulations and best of luck to Barb, I should say, on behalf of everyone. Just on the loan side, obviously, customers, as you mentioned, building liquidity, you saw the C&I continue to decline as the industry did. Can you just talk to us about when you make the point about the footprint acting better relative to other parts of the country, what you see as far as that delicate balance between customers holding liquidity and then starting to see activity and the need for borrowing increase, especially as you think about the C&I portfolio? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. Ken, this is David. So, as we think through generally our bank in terms of loan growth, weve been kind of a GDP-plus a little bit, has been our expectation, clearly with the liquidity sitting in the hands of customers, theyre going to use that first before theyll tap into committed lines of credit, if youre a business or spending or borrowing money if youre on the consumer side. What were looking at is our production. Our production continues to be robust on the commercial side. But, our utilization is very low, and its low for everybody. We dont know when that will bottom out. Some have called it already. Were not real sure. But, we think given the commitment there that its just a matter of time. You start getting infrastructure spending, you get a little momentum going in the economy, we could see a loan growth picking up in 2021. Were probably not going to see that in our fourth quarter, which is why weve given you the guide on NII that we have.
John Turner: Yes. I would just add, Ken. I think, we get past the election, I think we get a little more sense about the direction of the economy. There are a number of our customers who are -- have adapted their operations to the COVID environment are doing fine and are thinking about potentially expanding their business or they are seeing a need to increase inventories because theyre generally low -- all-time low levels, and yet, theyre not in a hurry to do that until theres a little more uncertainty about what happens post election. So, I think it will be, as David said, early in 2021 before we have a better feel for whether we see loan growth exceeding GDP.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. And a follow-up question on the swaps portfolio. Just looking back at a slide you showed last quarter, theres still like $1.25 billion to still come on line, correct, that arent live yet. So, versus the $94 million that you saw in NII this quarter, how much more increment add do you still expect to come from the additional swaps that havent gone live yet? Thank you.
David Turner: Yes, Ken. So, youre right. The last tranche will come due in the fourth quarter. Getting the full run rate from what we did last quarter and benefiting the next look coming into the fourth quarter. We think that 94% goes to 97ish, 95%, 97%. So, well get 2, 3 more million dollars per quarter. And of course, all these are five-year tenors from the date they become active. So, a couple of million dollars, I guess, is the answer.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Rose of Raymond James.
John Turner: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Rose: Hey. Good morning. Can you hear me?
John Turner: Yes, we can.
Michael Rose: Hey. How are you? Yes. So, Im sorry if I missed this. I got on a little bit late. But, can you walk through some of the deposit repricing opportunities you may have in coming quarters? And how should we think about the loan-to-deposit ratio as you move into a more normalized backdrop, hopefully later next year? Is there a certain level that you guys would want to run at? I know excess liquidity tends to stick around in the zero interest rate environments, but just looking for ways that you can potentially deploy some of that excess liquidity.
John Turner: Sure. So, our deposit growth continues to be very-strong. Thats coming through the growth in consumer checking accounts, operating accounts for businesses. Its businesses bringing cash back to Regions. And so, I would say our deposit growth has been a little quicker, a little faster than we had anticipated. And that could persist into the fourth quarter. I think, youre right to point out that our deposit cost, while 11 basis points, we believe there is still running room to take that down a couple, 2, 3, 4 basis points over time. If you look at our interest-bearing deposit costs of 19 basis points, I think, we have running room there, more so than we probably have in the past. Weve -- if you look at the peers that have released thus far, everybody is bringing that down quite a bit. We probably could pick that up a bit. Were going to challenge ourselves as we go into the fourth quarter and into 2021. There was another part of the question?
David Turner: Loan-to-deposit ratio.
John Turner: Loan-to-deposit ratio. Mike, we really dont fall for that. Thats kind of an outcome. Weve historically run a lower loan deposit ratio than our peers because of our deposit franchise, which is really our competitive advantage. If we could be perfect deploying it, I think being in the low 90% range would be great, but weve kind of been in that middle 80% for a long time. Of course, everybody is lower today. And so, we have the liquidity to make all the loans to creditworthy borrowers today. Were excited about that. Its just good loan growth is hard to come by at this point. But, were like a cold spring ready when we believe that infrastructure spending happens.
Michael Rose: Thats very helpful. Maybe just one follow-up. The deposit service charges came back a little bit further than I would have thought this quarter. I think some of that obviously has to do with some of the deposit growth. But, can you just give us an update on how the normalization of service charges and maybe credit card usage has ramped up here and how you expect it to play out into next year?
David Turner: Yes. So, our service charges did come back a bit. Were seeing strength still in the consumer. Were seeing spending pick up a bit. Our debit card spend is ahead of where we were last year, not so much on credit card spend, its still 2, 3 percentage points behind where weve been in the past. Right now, our run rate, and we put in our comments, probably $10 million to $12 million a month behind pre-pandemic levels, which is $30 million, $35 million per quarter. We dont forecast that improving appreciably at this juncture. Well have to see. We got a new potential wave of stimulus, which will continue to put that pressure and maintain that pressure at that run rate level. So, I would not count on that at this point, coming back to the pre-pandemic level.
John Turner: Were seeing a change in customer behavior, which I think ultimately is a good thing. So, were depending upon growth in consumer checking accounts as a real catalyst for driving additional fee income. And the good news is that consumer checking accounts are growing. And as a result of that, were seeing a pickup in fee income associated with those accounts.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good morning. On the credit on the credit front, I know your guidance -- and you indicated that losses are likely to continue to rise here. And given that expectation, if you do see charge-offs continue to rise, you do expect that given what you know now that that could lead to incremental reserve releases from here?
David Turner: Well, let me start and Ill let Barb kind of weigh in. So, I want to be careful about the word reserve releases. We clearly believe we have our allowance to establish at the appropriate amount to cover losses in our portfolio through the life of the loan. As we go forward, were going to have charge-offs. If we did it right, those charge-offs are completely reserved for. And so, youll see reductions in the reserve as a result of that event. The question is then what do you do with the remaining reserve and how does that reserve -- whats the adequacy of that reserve for whats left? And right now, we think we have it. Well have to continue to evaluate that at the end of each quarter, looking at all the variables, which include loan growth or not. How the portfolio mix may have changed with the macroeconomic variables? Theres a host of things that go into that. When you say the word reserve release, that contemplates our reserve to $100 today and tomorrow, I figured out I only need $90, so I take $10 million to income. We dont anticipate that movement at this juncture. There is still uncertainty out there. We need to be real careful about that and make sure weve established loan loss reserves at the appropriate level, which we believe we have done.
John Pancari: Got it. Thanks, David. Thats helpful. Im just -- I should have really said all else equal. So, barring a change in the outlook and aside from reserves for new loan production, just as charge-offs go against what youve reserved that that should imply that youve already reserved for that and there could be reductions for that, like you said. So, thats fine. My other question on the credit front was, does the reserve already factor in some -- the likelihood of incremental credit migration into criticized assets? So, in other words, if we do see a continued upward trend there that -- do you expect that that could drive incremental additions, or is that factored in?
David Turner: Yes. So, when we look at life of loan, we obviously have a lot of migration studies and analysis weve looked at. So, we can tell you when things start to age whats going to happen and theyll go into special mention and substandard, doubtful, loss. And so, we contemplate that as we establish our reserve level. So, unless theres a change over what weve already estimated, we wouldnt have incremental reserves for that migration.
John Pancari: And then, if I could just ask one more. Sorry. On the loan growth front, does your comment to Ken regarding the loan growth outlook near term, does it imply that we could potentially see some incremental declines in loan balances near term, or do you expect more stable?
David Turner: I think that for -- in the short term, were doing a couple of things. The question is, has the repayment of the lines bottomed out yet or not. Some have called that it has, were not so sure. So thats a piece of the risk that we have on loan growth. Our production is nice. We do have some runoff portfolios, as you know. And I think net-net, probably not going to see a lot of loan growth to maybe some downward, and thats what equates to the -- maybe we have NII flat to modestly lower. So, all thats baked in together.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt OConnor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt OConnor: I just want to follow up on the comments about the timing of net charge-offs speaking, maybe mid-next year. Weve heard kind of a similar theme from other banks mid-next year, back half next year. Is that more just like a placeholder since you dont expect a material increase in the near term, or is there something kind of in the kind of what youre seeing in the commercial and consumer side that gives you confidence in that mid-next year?
Barb Godin: Matt, its Barb. Ill take that question. Yes, the reason that we say mid next year is given all of the deferral programs that are out there. And again, we have that uncertainty as to whats going to happen, will we get a second set of relief from the government or not relative to the programs they have, et cetera? But based on what we know and just the way that things roll through the various delinquency buckets, we would think that mid-next year, sometime in the second quarter, probably toward the end of the second quarter, could even push into the third quarter. So, theres just a lot of uncertainty and volatility. And thats the reason we think based on all of that, its probably a midyear event next year.
John Turner: Fair to say in the C&I book, its more -- potentially more predictable. But, even there with small business because of the relief thats in -- currently in -- circulating through the economy, still hard to predict. So, more a placeholder than necessarily a formal...
Barb Godin: Thats right.
Matt OConnor: And then, on the commercial real estate, does that end up being longer tailed than maybe traditional C&I and consumer, just given some of the dynamics with real estate. And, I think a lot of the commercial real estate out there is kind of pretty low LTV. So, there should be some patients on the part of the bank to help work that out?
Barb Godin: There is, and were spending a lot of time with our customers on a one by one basis, making amendments where we need to, helping them get through what is a rough period. We dont want to be fair weather bankers by any stretch. But, we are taking a very prudent approach in our discussions with our customers. If we see that at the end of the day, there isnt a light at the end of the tunnel, then were having those hard discussions with them now. But in general, the discussions have been very, very good relative to all of us working together to get through the other side of this.
John Turner: And I would say, the thing that comes through in our commercial real estate portfolio is, since the financial crisis, weve remade that business. Weve significantly reduced the amount of exposure we have. Weve rebuilt the teams that are originating commercial real estate loans. Were banking very experienced regional and national developers that have good access to capital, a lot of liquidity. Theyre involved in quality projects in really solid markets. Strong loan-to-value, its a combination of all those things comes together. We feel good about our investor real estate portfolio.
Operator: The next question is from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: First, Barb, congratulations. Its been great working with you all these years. So, really appreciate it. One question for you. Maybe I missed it in the prepared remarks, but youve got the NCO guide for 3Q -- Im sorry, for 4Q in the 55 to 65-bp range. And I thought last quarter -- I was looking more for 80. So, Im wondering, is this step down in expectation for NCOs something that you think is temporary, given everything weve discussed with the stimulus or do you feel like theres -- the run rate is going to be a little bit lower than what you had been anticipating before?
Barb Godin: Thank you very much, Betsy. Firstly, I thought growing old would take a lot longer than it did, but I guess its come. Secondly, relative to your question, yes, we started off the quarter. We had a different view of the quarter. We thought that things would not turn out as they did with our customers. Our customers have made a lot of changes to the way in which theyre managing their finances, et cetera. They seem to be holding up better than what we thought. Having said all of that, theres still a lot of volatility. And so, our issue is more one around timing. And so, as we look at that and we look at what the impacts of these deferral programs and other things are. We do think that theres still going to be an impact, but its just going to be pushed out sometime into 21 now.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. No, thats helpful. Thanks. And then, just follow-up is just a question about the footprint and what youre seeing. Youre in a warmer part of the country. Im wondering if youre seeing any kind of in migration. Are you seeing business trends in the southern regions accelerate or retain faster speeds than what you see in the northern part of your region? And maybe you could give us some color on that. Im just asking the question with the backdrop of when you could start to see some loan growth pick up as well and should you be advantaged, given your footprint? Maybe you could speak to that. Thanks.
John Turner: Yes. Its a great question. I would say specifically about the states in the southeast, where 86% plus or minus where our deposits are, those states were where some of the last to shelter in place and the first to reopen their economies. In fact, 7 of the 10 states we operate -- 7 of the states we operate in were amongst the first 10 to reopen their economies. And as a result of that, generally speaking, the unemployment rates in those states was 200 basis points less than the national average. While the totals were still high, a number of small businesses that closed were more like 50% to 60% of small businesses versus a higher number for the national average. And Id say, today, we anticipate 85% to 90% of small businesses have reopened. So, the economies seem to be a little better than, lets say, the Northeast, where, its my impression, anyway, based upon what I hear, the number of small businesses there reopening hasnt been as -- hasnt occurred as quickly as it has, lets say, in the South or even in the Midwest markets that we operate in. And were cautiously optimistic. Recognize that the economy still is fragile. There are health issues, theyre social issues or economic issues, unsure about the political environment. But, based upon what we see, there is an in-migration of people into the Southeastern markets in particular, leaving some of the larger cities in the North and Midwest and coming to the South. And so, real estate values while increasing are solid. We dont see a real imbalance there or run-up in pricing, but a lot of demand. And theres availability for jobs, workers here in the south. So, I think, again, we feel pretty good, cautiously optimistic about the economy, recognizing that theres a lot of uncertainty.
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Scouten of Piper Sandler.
Stephen Scouten: I wanted to follow back around, maybe thinking about the loan loss reserve and the kind of CECL methodology. Appreciating not wanting to call it releasing reserves, but Im wondering how we could think about whats maybe elevated due to the pandemic? And what would be a more normalized level if we didnt have maybe some elevated allocations to expected losses here in the near-term? And where that could kind of normalize over time?
David Turner: Well, I do think one of the things you can look at is we show you an allocation in our Q of our allowance by major loan category. And you could see how that compares to the allowance that existed pre-pandemic. And thatll give you an indication of where were seeing elevated loss expectations. The problem with CECL is youre having to guess through the entire life of the loan. We use a two-year reasonable and supportable period of time. Were in the middle of a pandemic. Theres a lot of volatility with macroeconomic variables. Theres a lot of volatility with certain industries, quick-serve restaurant, energy transportation -- certain elements of transportation, hospitality. All those things require a lot of input to try to figure out what the allowance should be. So, if you look at our high-risk areas and you started seeing that improvement, which we improved $8.4 billion of the higher risk category to $6.6 billion, you can look at those categories, go back and look at the allocation of the reserve, and that will give you some idea as to where that reserve exists for us today and where those improvements over time might come from. Until we see more clarity with regards to the economy, we dont see any need to change the reserves that we have already calculated. And that can change from quarter-to-quarter.
Stephen Scouten: Right. Okay. But, if the pandemic werent occurring, instead of 270 in a CECL environment, would you think the reserve would be more in the 170 sort of range, Or is that just too difficult to say?
David Turner: Well, its too difficult to say, but an indicator, if you want to just go back and look at our pre-pandemic level that we had, our adoption of CECL 1/1 of this year, and that will give you an idea of what we think because at that time, the pandemic hadnt happened, at least in the United States. So, we thats we brought -- Im sorry, thought the actual reserve level ought to be.
Stephen Scouten: Perfect, helpful. And then, one last question. Just on the excess liquidity, you talked about you might see additional deposit growth this quarter, but how are you guys, I guess, thinking about that and the stickiness of that excess liquidity maybe over the next year? And what you might do in the fourth quarter and beyond in terms of uses of that liquidity much as you did this quarter?
David Turner: Yes. Thats kind of centered on an earlier question. But, I think that the growth in our deposits have come from growth in checking accounts and operating accounts, in addition to existing customers that had cash that was off balance sheet, looking for a better return -- a better yield than we were paying at the time. And because rates have gone down, theres really no place to go. So, the cash has come back to us in the form of deposits. Also, our customers are generating income, our commercial customers are generating income, and theyre not spending that at the pace they had before, so the cash is piling up on their balance sheets. Theyve worked on their working capital. Theyre turning receivables and inventory much faster. All that improves the cash cycle, which ends up as deposits on our balance sheet. So, the question is, at what point will they start using that? And I think its when we get back to feeling much better about the economy. They start spending fixed capital investment, whatever the case may be, to utilize that excess cash, if you will, first, and then it gets into loan growth for us after that. Part of the reason were not spending or putting to work the excess cash we have at the Fed, which is about $10 billion round numbers, is because to take the duration risk today, you dont get paid a whole lot, incrementally more than 10 basis points at the Fed. But, we think theres prospects for steepening of the yield curve, regardless of who wins the election. And with that and higher inflation can give us a better opportunity to deploy that excess cash than we have today. If we see deposits continuing to grow at a faster clip, then well step up our investments into the securities book, as you just saw us do with the $3 billion this past quarter. So, its a very -- its a balancing act that were trying to take with -- obviously, our liquidity is very good, but trying to get yield and opportunity -- our opportunity costs to make sure we can deploy that best we can.
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: You guys have obviously done a great job managing expenses, [indiscernible] and grow and [indiscernible]. I know its early, but would you expect to hold expenses relatively flat again next year? And what are some of the things that youre looking at for additional expense initiatives?
David Turner: Yes. So, its great question. Weve done, we think, a really good job of holding our expenses relatively stable up over the past several years, few years, less than 1%. Were going to continue to work on that as we get into 2021, and well give you better guidance as we get towards the end of the year. But, the things that we look at, were certainly wanting to leverage our Continuous Improvement process that John Turner put in -- had us put in, that really forces us to get better at whatever were doing every day, process improvement, leveraging technology. The drivers of our cost base, clearly, number one, our salaries and benefits. Its people cost. Its still 55% of our expense base. So, how do we control our headcount matters. And as we think about that, clearly, there is a lot of people, almost half of our people are in our branch network, and weve consolidated an awful lot of branches over time. We continue to look at branch consolidations. We think thats been a big driver of our cost savings. We have now got it down path. We know when we consolidate a branch, what that means for revenue and customers. And so, our consumer team is doing a great job of evaluating every one of our branches to see how tight we can continue to make that. And as we do, well save in terms of headcount there. Were looking -- every area has to look at spans and layers and the commitment to our -- to headcount, how can we leverage technology so that when we have attrition, we have technology that can take place, and we wont have to backfill that person. Occupancy is another area. Again, thats tied to both, branches and the back office. Weve continued to work on consolidating square footage, and were happy about that. As we get our headcount down, furniture fixtures and equipment, which are computers that people have, also comes down. Third party spend, we have a Head of Procurement thats pretty tough on all of our vendors. And hes also pretty tough on all of us because its a demand management approach where we think we might need a consultant, and he says, you sure about that. And that goes for all of us in the company. I know hes smiling at that. But, we really have to watch that spend. We have to watch travel and entertainment. Thats coming down because of COVID. So, we have places and levers to pull on expenses. Its really hard because we have to make investments in technology, in digital, in people to continue to grow revenue and grow customers for our Company. So, while were doing that, how do we keep our expenses flat, and its all the savings we just mentioned are areas that were focusing on.
Peter Winter: And if I could just ask one more. Can you guys just give an update on your thoughts around M&A when we get a more certain environment?
John Turner: Yes. Our views about M&A havent changed, Peter, to this point. I mean, we continue to focus on bank M&A. Weve made a number of successful acquisitions of smaller firms that provide additional capabilities in wealth management and capital markets and the mortgage business, acquiring mortgage servicing rights, low-income housing tax credit syndicator, M&A advisory firm, things that youre aware of. And we continue to have aspirations to do that. Having said that, we believe that we are still in an environment where its in our best interest to just focus on executing our plan with respect to bank M&A. If we do that, then we believe that our shareholders will benefit. That will be reflected in our share price, the multiple that we trade at. And then, we can talk about whether or not we have some interest in bank M&A. But today, our focus is still on executing our plan.
Operator: Your next question is from Erika Najarian of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Najarian: So, David, just one follow-up question for me. As we think about a starting point on the net interest margin estimate in nonrecurring items of 3.11, how should we think about as so that margin of 3.3%? Clearly, youre doing a great job in terms of defending the margin. And I guess, how should we think about the excess cash and what you need to see in the marketplace to more aggressively deploy that excess cash or that your GAAP NIM more reflects that core NIM that you point out?
David Turner: Yes. So, its a good question. Its a balancing act that were trying to make with regards to being paid for duration and putting that excess cash to work there or waiting for the yield curve to steepen a bit, which we think if were just a little bit patient, we can actually have a better earning asset. We understand every day we wait though, were trading off 1% change for 10 basis points. We did put some of that excess cash to work as we mentioned and kind of perversely that when we give you our core NIM, right anything thats sitting at the Fed and the Fed account, were carving out from our margin. But when we deploy some of that, as we did our $3 billion, its earning 1%, that weighs on our core NIM. It helps us on NII, but it hurts our NIM. So, whereas we were in the high 3.30s before we decided to deploy the cash, we think were going to be in that 3.30-ish range. So, that deployment actually cost us 6 basis points of NIM, but it helped our NII. So, I wouldnt get too wound up on the NIM calculation just yet. I would look at the ability to grow net interest income and having the dry powder to deploy and better loan growth when that comes along or a steeper yield curve when that happens.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you. Congratulations, Barb.
Barb Godin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Maybe you guys can share with us -- and Barb, congratulations on your retirement and your insights over the years. And the first question is about credit. We all understand what the government has done has been pretty impressive in terms of the stimulus relief. The Federal Reserve is obviously aggressively moved to bring in spreads in the open market. And we have the forbearance program. Can you guys share with us what have been the big differences between credit because the economy collapsed and all the metrics we became accustomed to like the unemployment rate, leading to higher consumer net charge-offs. Those relationships havent held up in this downturn, and Im wondering what -- other than the programs I mentioned, maybe thats the answer, Whats so different about this downturn do you think versus what we saw in 06 and 07 going into 08, 09?
Barb Godin: Yes. Gerard, Ill take that. Its Barb. I do think the stimulus relief is really the linchpin here. Its the largest thing. But also, our consumers and our businesses have changed their habits as well. For example, for consumers, what were seeing is theyre not spending their money on things like the $10,000 vacation. That money is now just going into the bank and putting it away for it quotes around the word of rainy day. The rainy day is here. Theyre being very prudent with their money. Of course, the stimulus has really helped with that. To make sure they build a bit of an estate for themselves as they work their way through to better times. Were seeing that on the consumer side most definitely. And you can -- I thought perhaps maybe we would therefore see a lot of draw-downs in things like, on the consumer side, our home equity lines. We havent seen that. Or cash out refis on our mortgages. We havent seen that neither. So, theyre being --consumers are being very, very good about the way theyre going about spending their money. On the business side, its the same thing. Businesses have set back. And theyve enjoyed several years of good profitability. They too are looking at what does this mean for them? What does this mean for their business? What do I have to do to make the changes now? So, Ive been pretty impressed with the resiliency of our economy, particularly here in the South where we are where weve seen a lot of businesses and the consumers make the appropriate changes. So, thats whats really different than last time. As well, last time around, as we all know Gerard, it was a meltdown in the mortgage -- the housing market. Thats not happened this time. If anything, the mortgage market is a little bit on fire relative to purchase as well as refi, and thats all because of the low rates. So, that too is something that were also keeping our eye out for.
David Turner: Gerard, let me add to that. So, as you think about the Southeast and Regions in particular, commercial real estate is nothing like it was. One, we dont have near the commitment to it that we had at that time. Second is the real estate values havent collapsed. To Barbs point, that was a massive change in values on not only consumers and mortgages, but on homebuilders and things of that nature. We dont have that today. If you go look at disposable income, disposable income for consumers continues to grow. As you look at the financial obligation ratio, so the percentage of payments of disposable income thats being used for debt payments is very low. And part of that is the leverage is -- the total leverage is actually higher in consumer. The ability to pay is much lower because the rate environment is so low. And then, the last thing would be unemployment isnt all that even either. So, you have to think about where is that really happening. And as John mentioned, the unemployment rate for us in our markets is a couple of hundred basis points lower than other parts of the country. So, its the major metros that seem to have fared worse on that unemployment than kind of the second-tier markets where we happen to operate a lot of our business.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. I appreciate the color. And then, as a follow-up, David, can you share with us your margin and your net interest income? You guys have done a very good job in managing it as youve described for us. What kind of interest rate environment in, lets say, 2021 or 2022 would be less favorable to the way youre positioned today? What are you kind of on the lookout for in terms of rates going forward that could be less favorable than what youre seeing today?
David Turner: Well, I think, not just for us but for most banks, a flat yield curve is pretty -- is problematic. We have no expectations of short rates moving either way. And frankly, we really dont care where they go because were virtually insulated on the low rates. Our biggest risk is kind of in the middle to the end of the curve where were having to redeploy our maturing fixed rate loans and securities. And for us, thats about $12 billion over a 12-month period of time. So, taking those cash flows and reinvesting them in this kind of rate environment where the 10-year is at lower -- at 70 whatever basis points today, its tough to make money. And so, if we can get a steepener going, which we think we can with infrastructure spending again it doesnt matter who really wins the election on that, maybe the Democrats do it quicker, but well see. But I think a steepening yield curve is what we like to see, but flat is bad.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And Barb, I hope on youre going away part already is a main loss to David and John.
Barb Godin: Thanks, Gerard.
Operator: Our next question is from Saul Martinez of UBS.
Saul Martinez: A couple of quick follow-ups. First, I know youre not assuming any acceleration in PPP forgiveness income in the fourth quarter. But, can you just tell us what your best guess is currently for forgiveness rate? And what the timing of that forgiveness could be over the first half of 21 and maybe even into the second half of 21. If you could just kind of give us what your best estimate is right now?
David Turner: Yes. So, as we think about the fourth quarter early on, we thought we would see a reasonable amount of forgiveness in the fourth quarter. Weve had some, but it hadnt been enough to really talk about. We think thats been pushed into the first quarter. I think, we get through the election, maybe we get a little bit more clarity. They have come up with a forgiveness form thats fairly tight that I think could be helpful. Well see -- what we havent seen is the borrowers actually calling and saying, Im ready for my forgiveness. Theyre kind of hanging out because its not really costing them anything at this point. So, we need to -- if we get a little bit of pressure there, maybe we start getting a little more request for forgiveness. Is it the first quarter, second quarter, third quarter? I mean, we dont know. Today, we earn a little less than 2% off of the PPP loan, and that is the rate plus a portion of the fees that we have to recognize on the effective interest method. So, it weighs on our margin, which is why we carve it out for the analysis, and weve given you the dollar amount now right at $30 million. So, I dont know when that could happen, but -- probably the middle of 21.
Saul Martinez: Right. But just to be absolutely 100% clear, your guidance for the fourth quarter, thats not assuming any acceleration in PPP fee income and
David Turner: Thats correct.
Saul Martinez: Okay. All right. And then, if I could just pivot and ask you about your reserving and kind of going to the waterfall, your ACL waterfall. You had -- your reserve levels were flat. And so, essentially, what you term is portfolio risk and balances one-for-one offset charge-offs and I guess, an improved economic outlook. And just curious what that portfolio risk and balances entails? Because in an environment where you had controlling loans and its not clear that your mix became riskier, more tilted towards high loss content loans, that effectively keeping reserves flat effectively means that youre reserving more on your back book and youre estimating higher loss content on your back book. So Im just curious that we should view that more as sort of a mindset where you dont think its appropriate yet to reduce reserves and note that I didnt use reserve releases, but the falling reserves, or is there something else? And I guess, the adjunct to that is, what would make you confident enough to the point where you actually start to see falling ACL levels and lower absolute dollar reserve levels?
Barb Godin: Yes. That would be -- right now, theres a lot of uncertainty, as we talked about already in the call relative to what we think whats going to happen in the economy. We really dont know. And so, with that heightened level of uncertainty, it doesnt give us a warm feeling that we should go ahead and start releasing reserves. We just dont know whats going to happen. A lot of volatility that comes with uncertainty, of course, the two go hand-in-hand. And so we just dont think its prudent or appropriate at this point in the economic cycle that were in for us to go ahead and start releasing less or providing less. So, thats what the thinking is behind that.
David Turner: Yes. We do have production of new loans every quarter. Even though the gross number may not change, we do have production. We do have some of our, as you mentioned, bad book. We do have some that weve increased reserves on. We have certain loans we look at loan by loan, some we look at portfolios, and there are certain of those that we add into this particular quarter. And as I said, its just hard to tell what will happen next quarter. We have to get to the end and see what the facts and circumstances are at that time.
Saul Martinez: Yes. I mean, its just simply a function of youre just feeling confident that the economy is on a more sound footing. And at that point, you would feel comfortable reducing reserves. Because effectively, it almost seems like reducing reserves is almost calling the end of the credit cycle right now. And so, Im just like curious if thats the way you look at, or its just really simply a function of having a more-clear outlook on the glide path of the economy is feeling more strongly about it?
David Turner: To the extent you ignore the reduction in reserves that come through charge-offs because thats a given
Saul Martinez: Yes.
David Turner: The rest of it -- yes, reducing reserves after that would have to have more clarity with regards to the economy and the performance of our portfolios over their remaining life of the loans. Thats exactly right.
Operator: Your next question is from Bill Carcache of Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: I wanted to ask about the return on tangible common equity trajectory, when we pull all the pieces together that youve all discussed on the call. So putting up the lowest efficiency ratio in over a decade in this environment obviously stands out, then layering in the expense savings that you discussed, branch optimization and everything else, and then the NII benefits from noninterest-bearing deposit mix rising to the highest level weve seen at 42%. And it seems like we can kind of see your ROTCE continue to rise to all-time highs as we look ahead. It feels a little bit unusual to be talking about high ROTCEs in a recession where we havent even see losses rise yet. But, I was hoping you could give a little bit of color around when we pull all the pieces together and think about ROTCE, how you see that trajectory?
David Turner: Yes. I think, if you were to look at generally commercial banking in this environment, normalized provisioning for this environment, it is a low rate environment. So, we think returns are in that 12% to 14% range. You can get a given quarter that would be outside of those boundaries. But, if you kind of look all in, we think thats a reasonable return. I think, banks can earn their -- more than their cost of capital and generate shareholder value, just not at the level we would have if we had a much higher steeper yield curve where we could have margins that are in that 3.50% to 3.75% range we talked about at our Investor Day some years ago that drove returns up much higher than that 12% to 14%. So, I think thats probably where we are at the moment, but were continuing to work hard to make it better. And thats what our Continuous Improvement is all about.
Bill Carcache: Understood. Following up on your earlier comments about a steepener and the benefits there. Can you give a little bit more color on your exposure to the short versus the long ends of the curve? And any sensitivity in terms of benefit to NII would be really helpful.
David Turner: On the short rates, we really dont have any exposure there. Were pretty much mitigated there. So, long end that -- and kind of the middle of the curve that pose most of the risk to us. I think again, its because we have $12 billion of cash flows coming out of our fixed rate loan and securities portfolios that we have to reinvest that caused the biggest challenge to us there. And the front book, back book, if you want to call it that is about 1 point different -- difference between whats rolling off and what we can put it to work at in a reasonable way today. Thats where the risk is.
John Turner: Operator, do we have any more questions?
Operator: Your final question is from Jennifer Demba with Truist Securities.
Jennifer Demba: Good morning. Congratulations, Barb. Were going to miss working with you.
Barb Godin: Thank you so much, Jennifer.
Jennifer Demba: My question is on mortgage banking fees. Theyve obviously been at record levels the couple of quarters. What are you guys seeing in terms of production trends in the fourth quarter and beyond as this home buying frenzy continues?
David Turner: Yes. So, weve been very pleased. We hit a record this quarter in terms of mortgage. If you go back to the list of these earnings calls, we say mortgage is strong and it should be strong next quarter. It got even stronger and really benefiting from the consumer banking groups decision to hire mortgage loan originators a couple of years ago in preparation for a low rate environment like we anticipated. So, were benefiting from that. We think the fourth quarter, based on whats in the pipeline is going to be strong. Whether it could be as strong as the third quarter? Dont yet know. But, we think its set up for a very strong 2021. And a big reason for that confidence is that as you know, historically, weve been a purchase shop, mainly 70% to 30%. Today, our mix is about 50-50 in terms of refinance and purchase. Both of them are strong. Refis wont continue forever. We understand that. But, weve been a pretty strong purchase job, unlike others who had actually 70% refi, 30% purchase. So, we think the fourth quarter will be good. We think all of 21 will be pretty good too. Will we meet the levels were at right now? I dont know.
John Turner: Okay. Well, I think thats the last call we had. So, really appreciate your interest and thank you for participating in the call today.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Shelby, and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Shelby. Welcome to Regions second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. John Turner will provide some high level commentary and David Turner will take you through an overview of the quarter. Earnings-related documents, including forward-looking statements, are available under the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments, as well as the Q&A segment of today's call. And with that, I will turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and thank you all for joining our call today. Over the last four months, we've experienced tremendous disruption and uncertainty caused by both COVID-19 and overt examples of social inequality. The impact on our customers, communities, and associates has been profound, and the resulting operating environment has been challenging. As our country works through the current health crisis and take steps to address the systemic racial injustices that impact so many people in our society, we remain focused on the things that we can control. We're committed to supporting our associates, our communities, and our customers through these difficult times by providing much needed capital, advice and guidance, and financial support. It is incumbent on us to use our resources and expertise in ways that create positive change. Providing value to all stakeholders creates the foundation to deliver sustainable long-term performance. The disruptive and uncertain operating environment has presented both opportunities and challenges. In the second quarter, we delivered $646 million in adjusted pre-tax pre-provision income. This was Region's highest PPI in over 10 years, and a reflection of our decade long effort to optimize our balance sheet and improve risk adjusted returns while making strategic investments, all to deliver sustainable performance and reduce variability in our revenue streams. However, while the core business performance was solid, it was more than offset by an elevated provisions caused by further deterioration in the economic outlook and the resulting impact on risk ratings and credit quality. Just a few weeks ago, while acknowledging that conditions were fragile, I said we were cautiously optimistic about the prospect for economic recovery in our footprint. The southeast had fared better than other parts of the economy as evidenced by the fact that the unemployment rate in the majority of southeastern states had been better than the national average. And the number of small businesses it closed within the region, because of the crisis, was also below the national average. Most of the states where we operate had reopened, consumer deferral requests have begun to taper off and consumer spend continued to increase toward more normal levels. So clearly, there were some positive signs that we felt pretty good about. However, by the end of the quarter, certain areas in our footprint began experiencing an acceleration in COVID-19 cases and some states paused or reversed their reopening plans. The potential for a second wave of COVID-19 infections, coupled with uncertainty surrounding the extension, or renewal of various aid programs included in the CARES Act has impacted our view on the potential pace of the recovery. While we have experienced positive momentum over the latter part of the quarter, much uncertainty remains and our provisioning reflects that. As a result of this environment, we recorded a second quarter credit loss provision of $882 million. The provision reflects adverse conditions and significant uncertainty within the economic outlook, combined with downgrades in certain portfolios, particularly energy, restaurant, retail and hotel, as well as the impact of $182 million in net charge offs. This quarters provision also includes $64 million related to the initial allowance for non-credit deteriorated loans acquired in the purchase of Ascentium Capital, which closed on April 1. We're committed to assisting our customers through this difficult time. However, we have not modified our rigorous credit review process and have continued to make risk rating adjustments as necessary. In addition, all business loans granted a deferral had been reviewed, and risk ratings have been adjusted in accordance with our existing policies. Based upon the work we've done and our assumptions around the economic outlook, we do not anticipate substantial reserve bills during the remainder of 2020. We know the economy will continue to experience stress as we combat the public health crisis. However, we've spent a decade strengthening our capital position and credit risk management framework, which have positioned us well to weather the economic downturn. In the most recent round of supervisory stress tests conducted by the Federal Reserve, regions exceeded all minimum capital levels. While we were pleased with our capital resiliency under stress, we believe our industry leading hedging program, which became effective in 2020 will provide additional support to pre-provision net revenue. With respect to our common stock dividend, the Federal Reserve has introduced an income test where the common dividend cannot exceed the average of the trailing four quarters net income. Management will recommend to the Board later next week that we maintain the dividend for the third quarter of 2020. We are committed to effectively managing our capital and strengthen organic growth, generate sustainable long-term value for our shareholders, and continue lending activities to support customers and communities during the economic downturn. That being said, we must continue to focus on what we can control and remain committed to prudently managing expenses in the face of a challenging revenue environment. Thank you for your time and attention this morning. With that, I'll now turn it over to David.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with our quarterly highlights. Second quarter results reflected a net loss available to common shareholders of $237 million or $0.25 per share items. Items impacting our results this quarter included a significant credit loss provision, pandemic-related expenses, branch consolidation charges, expenses associated with the purchase of our equipment finance business, Ascentium Capital, and a loss on early extinguishment of debt.  Partially offsetting the negative adjustments was a favorable CVA associated with customer derivatives as credit spreads improved significantly during the quarter, as well as net interest income derived from newly originated Paycheck Protection Program loans. In total, the adjusted and additional selected items highlighted on the slide reduced our pre-tax results by approximately $692 million. Let's take a look at our results starting with the balance sheet. Adjusted average loans increased 11%. Loan growth was driven primarily by elevated commercial draw activity, the addition of $2 billion in loans related to our equipment finance acquisition, and $3 billion average impact from newly originated Paycheck Protection Program loans during the quarter.  Looking ahead, our focus remains on clients selectivity and full relationships with appropriate risk-adjusted returns. Commercial loan utilization levels normalized during the quarter, as liquidity concerns have eased, and corporate borrowers have accessed the capital markets. In addition, corporate borrowers were generally feeling better about the economic outlook as the economy started to reopen. Although the recent rise in COVID-19 cases may tamper that perspective. With respect to PPP loans, it remains difficult to predict the timing of loan forgiveness. Currently, we anticipate forgiveness requests to begin in the third quarter and continue into the fourth. We will have a better idea around timing once the forgiveness process begins. Adjusted average consumer loans decreased 1% reflecting declines across all categories except mortgage, which was up 3% reflective of historically low market interest rates. Turning to deposits, deposit balances increased to record levels this quarter. Average deposits increase 16%, while ending deposits increased 17% as many of our commercial customers have brought their excess deposits back to regions, while also keeping their excess cash from line draws, PPP loans and other government stimulus in their deposit accounts. On an ending basis, corporate segment deposits increased 30%, while wealth and consumer segment deposits increased 6% and 12% respectively. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in wholesale brokered deposits within the other segment. Although commercial line utilization rates have normalized, corporate customers are using cash held outside of the bank to pay down line draws, which continues to support elevated deposit levels. We anticipate funds received through government stimulus, and PPP will be spent by the end of the year, and the remaining deposits will stay with us until interest rates begin to move higher. Similarly, consumer deposits have continued to increase primarily due to government stimulus programs, coupled with lower overall spend. The delay in the tax filing deadline until July is also a contributor. We anticipate consumer balances to the decline in the second half of the year, as consumers make tax payments, increase spending commensurate with improvement in the economy and the current round of federal unemployment benefits expire at the end of July. Let's shift to net interest income and margin, which remain the strong story for regions. Net interest income increased 5% linked quarter, and as expected net interest margin decreased 25 basis points to 3.19%. Net interest income remains a source of stability for regions despite an extremely volatile market interest rate backdrop. Linked quarter, our equipment finance acquisition elevated loan and deposit balances and our significant hedging program supported net interest income. The decline in net interest margin was mostly attributable to elevated liquidity, specifically, elevated cash levels at the Federal Reserve and higher low spread loan balances associated with PPP accounted for approximately 19 basis points of margin compression. Efforts to reduce these elevated cash levels are ongoing. During the quarter $7.4 billion of early extinguishment of FHLB advances, and a $650 million bank debt tender directly reduced outstanding cash balances. The implications of liquidity on net interest margin are expected to abate over the remainder of the year. However, the impact remains uncertain given the amount of liquidity in the system. Now that most of our forward starting hedges have begun, and given our ability to move deposit costs lower, our balance sheet was largely insulated from the decline in short-term rates this quarter. Loan hedges added approximately $60 million to net interest income and 19 basis points to the margin. The benefits from hedging will continue to increase as the majority of the remaining forward starting hedges begin in the third quarter. Current estimates for the third and fourth quarters have hedging benefits approximating $95 million per quarter. Recall, our hedges have roughly five year tenors and a quarter-end pre-tax market valuation of $1.9 billion an important relative differentiator. Total deposit costs were 14 basis points for the quarter, representing a linked quarter decline of 21 basis points. Regions continues to deliver industry leading performance in this space exhibiting the strength of our deposit franchise. Over the coming quarters we expect deposit costs to further decline to historical lows. Lower long-term interest rates negatively impacted net interest income and net interest margin during the quarter. Premium amortization increased $7 million to $33 million attributable in-part to an unusually low first quarter. Furthermore, the re-pricing of fixed rate loans and securities at lower market rates reduced net interest income and net interest margin by $8 million and 3 basis points, respectively. Looking ahead to the third quarter, let me start by saying the uncertainty surrounding the timing of forgiveness for PPP loans may create volatility in net interest income across quarters, given the impacts from fee acceleration. We currently anticipate NII to decline between 1.5% and 2.5% linked quarter, mostly from the normalization of line activity that was elevated in the second quarter. Excluding PPP and excess cash liquidity, our core net interest margin is expected to stabilize in the mid-to-high [3.30s]. Now lets take a look at fee revenue and expense. Despite the challenging operating environment, adjusted non-interest income increased 18% quarter-over-quarter. Capital markets experienced a record quarter, producing $95 million of income. Excluding favorable CVA, capital markets income totaled $61 million. Growth in capital markets was driven by record debt and equity underwriting, as well as record fees generated from the placement of permanent financing for real estate customers. In light of the current environment, it is reasonable to expect capital markets to generate quarterly revenue, excluding CVA in the $40 million to $50 million range. Mortgage income increased 21% driven primarily by record production volumes associated with a favorable rate environment. Lower interest rates have contributed to a significant increase and year-over-year production. In fact, our full-year 2020 production is expected to exceed full-year 2019 levels by 50%. Mortgage remains a core business for regions and our strategic decision to add a significant number of mortgage bankers last year is paying off. Closed mortgage loans in the month of May represent the highest single month in our company's history and we continue to experience elevated application volumes throughout the quarter. In addition, mortgage servicing continues to be a strategic initiative. During the quarter, we initiated the new flow arrangement, allowing us to grow the servicing portfolio after experiencing several quarters of net decline. We expect mortgage to remain a strength in the consumer bank for the remainder of the year. Wealth management revenue declined 6% driven primarily by lower investment services fee income, which has been negatively impacted by reduced branch activity. Service charges revenue and card & ATM fees decreased 26% and 4% respectively, driven by lower customer spend activity. Consumer debit card spend has improved across the second quarter in fact, in the month of June, transactions were up slightly year-over-year, while spend was up over 15% year-over-year. Consumer credit card spend has improved as well, although June transaction levels were approximately 6% below the prior year, while spend was down 4%. The current environment has led to reduced overdrafts and credit card balances are lower quarter-over-quarter. Looking forward, if current spend levels persist, we estimate consumer service charges and card & ATM fees will be reduced by approximately $10 million to $15 million per month from pre-March levels. So, despite elevated unemployment, consumers appear to be holding up well. They entered the pandemic in a position of strength, and while spend levels are improving; customers continue to deliver while carefully managing their finances. Wrapping up non-interest income, market values associated with certain employee benefit assets improved during the quarter, resulting in a significant quarter-over-quarter benefit. While this increased non-interest income, it was fully offset by corresponding increase in salaries and employee benefits expense. Let's move on to non-interest expense. Adjusted non-interest expenses increased 9%, compared to the prior quarter. Salaries and benefits increased 13% driven primarily by the liability impact associated with positive market value adjustments on employee benefit accounts. Elevated production based incentives, temporary [COVID pay] increases, the addition of approximately 460 associates from our equipment finance acquisition, as well as our annual merit increases, also contributed to the increase. Professional fees increased 56%, driven primarily by legal fees associated with the completion of our acquisition. FDIC assessment increased 36% attributable primarily to the effects of unfavorable economic conditions, a higher assessment base and a reduction in unsecured bank debt. In addition, expenses associated with Visa class B shares sold in a prior year increased to $9 million. The company's second quarter adjusted efficiency ratio was 57.7% and the effective tax rate was 18.3%. We continue to benefit from continuous improvement processes, as we have just completed over 50% of the current list of identified initiatives. For example, excluding our equipment finance acquisition, we have reduced total corporate space by almost 700,000 square feet, or 5% since the second quarter of last year. Through the pandemic, we have learned how to interact and communicate with customers and each other in new ways. We have seen a dramatic increase in digital adoption and continue to have success through increased calling efforts using video conferencing. Our video conferencing accounts have increased by 128% since mid-March, and year-to-date we have already surpassed a number of video conferencing sessions conducted in all of 2019. This is clear evidence our associates and customers are embracing alternatives to in-person meetings. In addition, year-over-year mobile deposits are up 36%. Deposit accounts opened digitally are up 29% and digital logins are up 24%. Further, almost half of our new digital users in 2020 have come from customers 40 years and older. In fact, digital played a significant role in our ability to assist our customers in obtaining PPP loans during the pandemic. Approximately 80% of applications were submitted online and 97% were closed using e-signature. We have been actively reducing the size of our retail network for several years now. In fact, we consolidated 36 branches this quarter. Because of increased digital adoption and changing customer preferences, we expect branch consolidations to continue. Customers have an increasing desire for an omni-channel delivery model for their banking needs. So while we consolidate branches, we will continue to add new modern locations that are best suited to provide the advice and guidance our customers expect. Similarly, we are evaluating our digital and technology spend priorities to best leverage the digital momentum we are experiencing. This shift will allow us to focus on enhancing digital banking capabilities, further advancing our digital sales capabilities in leveraging e-signature to make banking easier for our customers. We also believe there are additional opportunities where corporate space is concerned whether through increased use of [hotelling], work from home or modified scheduling; we are confident overall office square footage will continue to decline. Our expense number this quarter has a bit of noise in it, and I want to spend a few minutes walking through. If you start with our adjusted total expenses of $898 million and back out unusual items we don't adjust for, such as the expense associated with employee benefit accounts and total COVID related expenses, you get back to the core quarterly run rate, inclusive of our equipment finance acquisition in the $860 million to $870 million range. To be clear, we remain committed to making the investments needed to grow our business. However, our overall expense base must always be reflective of the revenue environment. So to an extent, the revenue environment is challenged, we will look for additional efficiency opportunities. So let's move on to asset quality. The credit loss provisions for the quarter totaled $882 million. The provision reflects adverse conditions and significant uncertainty within the economic outlook combined with downgrades in certain portfolios, as well as the impact of $182 million in net charge-offs. Portfolio level downgrades were made primarily within energy, restaurant, hotel, and retail while economic outlook uncertainty is centered primarily on the impact of unemployment and the benefits of government stimulus already enacted and the potential for additional stimulus. This quarters provision also includes $64 million establishing the initial allowance for the non-credit deteriorated small business loans acquired as part of our equipment finance acquisition, which closed on April 1. The resulting allowance for credit losses is 2.68% of total loans and 395% of total non-accrual loans. Importantly, excluding the fully guaranteed PPP loans, our allowance for credit losses increases to 2.82% of total loans. Annualized net charge-offs were 80 basis points this quarter. The increase reflects charges taken within the energy and restaurant portfolios. Additionally, for the first time, our results now include charge-offs related to our recent equipment finance acquisition. These charge-offs contributed to $24 million decline in total non-performing loans. Total delinquencies and troubled debt restructuring loans increased 6% and 5%, respectively. Business services criticized loans increased 67%. Despite our willingness to work with our customers during this difficult time, we are not relaxing our credit policies and continue to revise risk ratings as necessary. This approach as well as specific portfolio level downgrades led to a significant increase in criticized loans. We have executed a bottom up approach to review all of our stressed business portfolios and feel this gives us good insight into potential loss and underlying stress over the second half of the year. With respect to consumers, they entered the pandemic in good shape in relation to jobs, income, loan devalues, et cetera. They have clearly benefited from the government stimulus, and recent momentum in the jobs numbers has been positive. However, resurgence of COVID-19 cases has slowed some re-openings and expectation of certain federal benefits ending in July create some downside risk. Based on the work we have completed and what we know today, we do not anticipate substantial reserve builds during the remainder of 2020. Additionally, we anticipate net charge-off levels for the remainder of the year to be consistent with the second quarter. In addition, we've continued to refine our view of at-risk portfolios resulting from the pandemic. Through our engagement with customers and actual market observations gained through the quarter, we have a more informed view of which sectors can withstand operations in this new normal. As a result, the portion of our portfolio we consider to be at the highest risk of potential loss due to the pandemic declined from $12.4 billion at the end of last quarter to $8.4 billion at June 30. This amount includes loans acquired during the quarter from our equipment finance acquisition. With respect to loan deferrals, we will have better insight in the next few weeks as the initial deferral periods expire, but we continue to see positive underlying trends. As of July 1, approximately 34% of clients have made mortgage payments, [while in forbearance] in the last 61 days. For home equity, payments while in deferral have been 36%; credit card is at 56%; and auto is at 41%; and approximately 25% of our corporate banking clients in deferral have made a payment in the last 61 days. While we have modeled second business loan deferral request at approximately 40%, early trends indicate request or tracking at less than 10% for both commitments and relationships. Let's take a look at capital and liquidity. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio is estimated at 8.9%. In late June, we received notice that the company exceeded all minimum capital levels under the supervisory stress test. Our preliminary stress capital buffer for the fourth quarter of 2020 through the third quarter of 2021 is currently estimated at 3%. This represents the amount of capital degradation under the supervisory severely adverse scenario and is inclusive of four quarters of planned common stock dividends. These results allow Regions to manage capital in support of lending activities and focus on appropriate shareholder returns. Our current capital plan reflects a previously announced suspension of share repurchases through the end of 2020. With respect to the common stock dividend, management will recommend to the Board that the third quarter dividend remain at its current level. Looking ahead, we expect to maintain the dividend. However, future payout capacity will be dependent on earnings over the second half of the year and any constraints imposed by the Federal Reserve. Also, it is important to note that we have approximately $1 billion of pre-tax security gains in OCI that are not included in our regulatory capital numbers unlike advanced approach banks. We exclude OCI from our capital calculations, but nonetheless, it is available to absorb potential losses. As previously noted, we have an additional $1.9 billion of pre-tax gains on our cash flow hedges in OCI, which is also excluded from regulatory capital. Terminating these hedges would not provide immediate recognition in income or capital as a gain would be deferred and amortized into income therefore supporting capital over the remaining life of the derivatives. These transactions are hedges designed to protect net income in a low rate environment. We believe there is incremental value in leaving the hedges live based on the current forward five-year LIBOR curve. However, we continue to evaluate and discuss decisioning points. This demonstrates significant additional loss absorbing capacity, which is not reflected in our regulatory capital levels. With respect to liquidity, significant deposit growth during the quarter has contributed to historically elevated liquidity sources for the company. Deposits ended the quarter at record levels and contributed to a 10 percentage point decline in our loan-to-deposit ratio to 78%. So in summary, our robust capital and liquidity planning processes, which are stressed internally, as well as externally by our regulators, are designed to ensure resilience and sustainability. This gives us confidence that we can continue to meet the needs of our customers and communities during this exceptional period of economic uncertainty. Despite the uncertain environment, we remain focused on helping our customers, associates and communities navigate through this difficult time. We have a solid strategic plan and are committed to its continued execution. Rest assured, during this extraordinary time, Regions stands ready to help and support all stakeholders. With that, we are happy to take your questions. Considering the current environment, we do ask that each of you ask only one question to allow for more questions and participants. We will now open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley. 
John Turner : Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning. Thanks very much.
David Turner: Good morning.
Betsy Graseck : Hi. Okay, a couple questions, one, just on the outlook here for net charge-offs, you highlighted, you know, flat in 2H or so and I guess I'm just trying to understand how you're thinking about the trajectory from there. Is it that at this current run rate, you feel like you're anticipating the, you know, near-term impact on the portfolio? Or is it that you don't expect an uptick in net charge-offs until things like stimulus roll-off?
Barb Godin: Hey, its Barb and I'll go ahead and respond to that, Betsy. It's a couple of things. One is we've done a deep dive in all of our portfolios. You know, virtually 95% of our business services portfolio, we've had conversations with the first line and credit together; we've talked to customer-by-customer, et cetera; we've had ongoing discussions of  some of them are happening weekly, some of them monthly, some of them bi-weekly, et cetera.  So, we really feel good about the information we have on which to look and say which customers may create an issue, but we also made a change in our thinking over the  you know since the last great recession, which is we don't want to let problems age. So if we see a problem out there and we think it might hit towards a charge-off, we are actually moving it towards charge-off, hoping we'll get a recovery in due course, but that recovery is going to be much further out. So, as we think about getting to  and that's part of what's in the second half thinking. As we get to the beginning of next year, what we anticipate is that on our business services side, the commercial part of the book, that those numbers will indeed come down and consumer is a bit of the wild card because you're right, once the deferments roll-off and the stimulus rolls off, how will they behave? But so far, I'm pretty encouraged by what I see relative to people asking for things like second deferrals, et cetera, early on, but still encouraged somewhat on that front.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, that's helpful color. And I noticed, yes, the NCOs are up a little bit Q-on-Q more than what we've seen out of other institutions, so that reflects your more proactive stance, I guess, with moving people into the NPLs. Can you give us 
John Turner: Yes, and Betsy, you know, just to correlate that, you see a little decline in non-performing loans quarter-over-quarter, which I think is again, a reflection of the fact that we're moving those charge-offs through the system.
Betsy Graseck: Yes. Yes, exactly. Okay. A follow-up question just on the outlook for NII guide down 1.5 to 2.5 in 3Q Q-on-Q, could you just give in  give us some color around the inputs to that with regard to what you're thinking about for average earning asset growth versus the NIM? And then I know with the hedges, your core NIM is mid-to-high 330s. You know, you've got some benefit from PPP at some point through the next couple of quarters as well, so you can give us some sense of the trajectory for the main pieces into 3Q. And then, as we look for PPP, how we should anticipate that flows through from here? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes, there's a lot in there. So, let me see if I can bullet down. So what we don't know is what the regime is going to be on forgiveness of PPP, so we don't have anything meaningful really coming through other than the carry that we are getting, which is, you know, pretty low carry. Probably the biggest driver is reduction in the loan book that we see. There were a lot of draws that happened in the late first quarter and in the second quarter and we saw about 80% of those be repaid by the end of the second quarter, but there's still some more that are going to be coming through. And so, I think it's reflective of that continued decline in loans.  The other is  so our deposits were up some 16%. You know, big part of that, we believe is also driven by the fact that the tax payment date was moved to July 15. And so, we should expect a run-off of deposits in the quarter, and therefore, using some assets from that standpoint. So, when you kind of add all that up, we're going to have premium amortization in terms of prepayment. So, we had talked about that being up in the $33 million range this quarter, that's probably going to be close to the upper 30s this next quarter as we see prepayments increase. And then, you know, we've talked about the reinvestment of cash flows from fixed rate loans and securities that have to go on the books at prevailing rates, that component of it cost us $8 billion this past quarter and that's harder to hedge out. So we're fully protected on the short-term moves, but we aren't  we still have some exposure to the reinvestment piece. So, you add all that up and that's where that decline in the NII is coming from.
David Turner: Betsy, I should also point out that, you know, the benefit from our hedge is in the first quarter were about $10 million. What we saw this quarter was about $60 million and the benefit we'll see in the third quarter assuming rates are in the third quarter and beyond all the way for five years is about $95 million. So the hedges, we're very thankful that we have those and that's a big part of us keeping the stability of our NII and resulting core margins.
Betsy Graseck: And so then, I know you don't have anything in your numbers for  you know your guidance obviously for PPP, but as those loans are forgiven, you get a temporary uptick in your NII, and so you're just going to treat that as, you know, kind of a one-off, is that how we should be thinking about it?
David Turner: Well, again, it depends on what the regime is. If we end up having an unusual bump in any given quarter, well point that out so that investors understand that. You know if it comes in over time and it's just kind of part of our business, maybe we wouldn't, but right now, it's just so  we don't know what the regime is going to be and when we get further guidance on that well tell everybody and reforecast for you.
Ronnie Smith: And David  this is, you know, Ronnie Smith, Betsy. Just to reiterate, there has been an extension from the initial eight-week period that businesses were able to count the funds that qualified for uses under PPP. So that 24 weeks has pushed that out a bit depending on which process the customers elect.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. All right, thank you.
John Turner: Thank you, Betsy.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Usdin of Jefferies. 
John Turner: Hey, Ken.
Ken Usdin : Thanks. Hey, good morning, everyone. You know obviously, with the big reserve this quarter, the CET1 ratio slipped a little bit below the 9% zone where you talked about being comfortable. And I just wanted to ask you to kind of flush that out vis-a-vis your other comments about, you know, continuing to recommend the dividend, the back and forth between comfort on where your ratio sit, where do you think that CET1 can get back to? And then, put that in context of the  you know, the income constraint and how you think about that, too? Thanks.
David Turner: Sure. So, I assume everybody's looking at the Slide 18, where we have our waterfall and you could see the positive contribution generated from our core engine, our PPNR and then the impact of the dividend. So between those two is 50 basis points to the plus. We did have provision expense that drove that down, as well as our acquisition of Ascentium in the first quarter. So  well, I think we'd all acknowledge we're in some form of stress in the country and we've always said our mathematical calculation would lead us to desiring a common equity Tier 1 of 9% and were holding a little excess capital to take advantage of opportunities, which one occurred, Ascentium. And so, you should expect, as you look at that waterfall chart, and again, we don't expect to have a provision at the level we just had. So, we can accrete that capital back pretty quickly, while we also have pretty robust reserves. If you look at our coverage, distress losses now, so you know, we couldn't pick the timing of when that particular transaction hit. We went to [8.9]. We're comfortable where we are, but dividend is not a capital adequacy issue. You can glean that from the DFAST analysis that came through. Now, we're going through some form of a stress test in the fourth quarter and we're not sure exactly what that regime is going to look like. What we do know is that we have, for the third quarter of the dividend limitation on the past four quarters, you know, based on our math, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we'll be recommending to our Board to sustain the dividend in third quarter. As we think about the fourth quarter and the first quarter of next year, we don't know if that regime will continue and we have to suspect that it might. And therefore, we gave you guidance that we believe our dividend is sustainable going out into the fourth quarter and into the first quarter based on our expectations of forecasted earnings. That being said, the two caveats are, let's see what the economy looks like when we prepare the financial statements for September 30 and we'll make, you know, whatever adjustments are necessary. And then, whatever the Federal Reserve and supervisors may do in this fourth quarter analysis, we don't know. So, those are the two caveats, but based on what we can see, we feel good about sustaining the dividend.
John Turner: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Scouten of Piper Sandler. 
John Turner: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Scouten: Hey, good morning. Yes, I was wondering if you guys could give a little more color around the loan deferrals. I know you said your expectation for second deferrals are maybe 40%, you're tracking under [10%]. And I'm also kind of wondering how much of those may be deferred loans that are still performing were downgraded from a rating perspective because it feels like you guys are ahead of your peers in terms of changing risk ratings, but I want to see if you can frame that up for us a little bit.
John Turner: Barb, you want to speak to that?
Barb Godin: Sure. Yes, so as we  when you talk about referrals in general, to begin with, Ill start with consumer, work my way to Business Services really quick, Stephen. And so, for consumer, what we saw is that deferral rate all in, in fact, for the company, its about 6%. What I was looking at, in fact, earlier this morning is that those numbers are in fact coming down and so far in consumer, we've had no requests for second deferral yet. Mind you, it's early, and some of the first deferrals are just rolling off, but it's still a good encouraging early sign.  For the Business Services portfolio, all-in, it's about 6% as well. And again, talking to our customers, that's  you know again, the benefit of these one-by-one conversations, we've heard very limited need for a second deferral, so again, very encouraging news from that front. Relative to those that are deferred and the percent, you know, that are criticized within those, we've given a chart on Page 12 that doesn't give the criticized portion of the deferrals, but you can [intuit] from it that the criticized are large portion of those criticized percentages were  do include a deferral.
John Turner: Ronnie Smith, you want to talk about the wholesale book?
Ronnie Smith: Yes, John. Just from a  just the numbers, if I step back into it, Stephen, we've  we have 2,000 clients in the wholesale book that have requested deferral and out of that particular universe, we are seeing, and I think David said this in his opening comments, but we're seeing a very low request for a second deferral period. And we are using that as a leading indicator to go in and provide a scrub on a name-by-name basis to appropriately assign risk ratings to those clients who had requested a deferral. We're finding, as you can tell, in the early returns, and I want to stress its early, less than 10% of those are requesting a second deferral period. And so, that shows the strength of cash flows, liquidity that they have built up. And so, we feel good about where we are at this point, but there's a lot more deferrals that need to mature as we continue to work with each of these clients.
Stephen Scouten: Okay. Very, very helpful. And if I could ask David one clarifier on the expense guidance or information you gave, you said $860 million to $870 million is kind of a better longer term run rate, maybe when do you think you can get to that level? And what level of kind of PPP-related expenses are within that number, if you have any guidance there? 
David Turner: Yes. So we think we can get there now. It's just  this past quarter, I acknowledge theres a lot of noise in our numbers and that's why we actually gave you a little better guidance to what to expect going forward. We had some expenses that came through PPP. They weren't particularly material in any of those that were related to loan originations or deferred as part of the fees that we get and would be amortized over the life of the loan. So, I wouldn't expect anything material from that standpoint hit us in the third quarter and going forward.
Stephen Scouten: Great. Thanks for the color. I appreciate the time. 
John Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt OConnor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt OConnor: Hi.
John Turner : Good morning, Matt.
Matt OConnor : I know you guys touched on this a little bit, but coming back to credit, yes, today is an interesting day because, you know, your stock is getting hit because folks think you have worst credit because you reserve for more. Another company came out today and was taking some heat for maybe under reserving. So, you know, from an outside point of view, it's a little hard to tell, like who's being aggressive, who's maybe behind and I guess from your point of view, like, you know, why do you think you are able to kind of be more aggressive than maybe some others? Is it the loan mix? Is it just the data that you have, as youve mentioned, has changed quite a bit in your markets, the last six weeks? 
John Turner: Ill answer that?
Matt OConnor: Is that the pain that you went through in the last downturn? Is there anything else you could add on that? Thank you.
John Turner: You know, it is, I think last quarter, we were criticized for potentially under reserving and this quarter there's questions about credit. And I think, you know, I can't speak to what other banks are doing. What I do know is what we're doing. Over the last 10 years, we worked really hard to improve our credit risk management processes. And as Ronnie and Barb described, on the wholesale side of our business, we've been through the large majority, if not all of our portfolios, high-risk portfolios, large exposures, and we have risk rated those credits, we think appropriately. And, as a result, our allowance for credit losses reflects those risk ratings. We've considered companies, industries, their ability to repay, and we're actively monitoring our portfolios, and so have presented what we believe to be an appropriate allowance given the risk that's currently in our portfolio based upon the economic assumptions we're applying and expected life of loan losses. And, you know, it's our anticipation that the portfolio will, as David has described, perform consistent with in the future, at least next two quarters. Well, charge-offs will approximate [over the] current levels and we don't anticipate any significant additional provisioning if there are no changes in the economic environment and if our, you know, credit quality doesn't further deteriorate because of changes in the economic environment.
David Turner: Yes, were trying to help everybody in our Page 19 showing the allowance waterfall and you can see the economic outlook component of $242 million that was added to the reserve and that's a reflection of  the primary driver for this is unemployment. So, when we were at the first quarter, you know, our expectation of unemployment was closer to 9%. Today, its 13%. That's a big delta. And the question is how quick is the recovery going to be? What's the impact of stimulus? So there's a lot of work that goes into ultimately determining what the allowance needs to be. We are risk grading. And Barb, you may want to chime in on this risk grading relative to what we see in the book from the ground up process that was earlier described and that's the [$382 million] that you see in the middle of that page. And remember, on top of that is the charge-off number of about $182 million. So if you add to that, it's about [$564 million of our $882 million] provision. So Barb, you want to talk about the risk rating?
John Turner: I think we've covered. The point I'd make is though that there is  it's hard to distinguish between deterioration of the credit portfolio and changes in the economic environment because one effectively [begets] the other.
David Turner: Yes.
John Turner : I think it visually represents what is just overall, you know, our assumptions based upon the current stress environment that we're in.
Matt OConnor: Alright, that was helpful. Thanks for coming through that again.
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities.
John Turner: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Winter: Hi, good morning. Good morning. I was just wondering when I look at the DFAST results, it seemed like they won the strongest they should have been on PPNR. And is there anything that the Fed is missing or anything you can do to address that with the Fed, especially when it comes to a stressed capital buffer? 
David Turner: So Peter, we  you know, as we lay down our prepared comments, we have a unique benefit of our forward starting hedges that we had put in place a couple of years ago, but they didn't become effective until the first quarter of this year for a piece of them. The second quarter had another piece, and then the third quarter, there's one more step up and you can see that in a chart that we put in the slide deck. Because that benefit wasn't in our run rate, we don't believe we got full benefit of that in our PPNR estimation in that last DFAST. As a matter of fact, our PPNR, which we believe should outperform our peer group, in that test it was in the middle of the peers, it was a median [part of] the peer group. So we're in  having discussions on how that can be reviewed by them differently. Obviously, we're going to go through some form of a stress test this fourth quarter. They'll have the knowledge [indiscernible] of our derivatives and how they come into to protect our PPNR in the stressful times, especially in the low-rate environment. So let's see what happens as they continue to evaluate both the SCB, so its a preliminary SCB. The final won't be out until August 31. And then, on top of that, we'll have the fourth quarter stress test of some type.
Peter Winter: Alright, thanks.
John Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
John Turner: Good morning, Jennifer.
Jennifer Demba: Good morning. Just a question on deposit service charges, they were $131 million in second quarter, down from $178 million. What kind of run rate are we looking at for that line item in future quarters? And how much of the waivers are coming back in?
John Turner: Yes, Jennifer, so, we tried to give a little bit of guidance. So let me roll it forward from the first quarter. If you recall, spin was down quite a bit on the consumer side and that we were concerned at that state at that level is going to cost us about $25 million a month between service charges and card and ATM fees. In our prepared comments, because of the spin coming back, in particular on debit card usage, that number is down to $10 million to $15 million per month at this current level. Now, in the month of June, we started to see that pick up a bit, but still not to the level that we had seen pre-crisis. A big driver that is the amount of stimulus thats still sitting in the deposit accounts of our customers. Therefore, you don't have NSF fees, for instance, coming through and you don't have credit card interchange coming through. So right now, we're guiding to $10 million to $15 million per month from the pre-March numbers that you really ought to think through as you model.
Jennifer Demba: Thanks so much.
David Turner: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Saul Martinez of UBS.
David Turner: Good morning, Saul.
Saul Martinez : Hey, good morning. Hey, I wanted to go through the dividend math a little bit  in a little bit more detail and I know you guys said just based on your best estimates and realizing there's a lot of uncertainty here, you should be able to pay your dividend. But if the Fed does, you know, extend the dividend cap in the end of the fourth quarter, by my calculation, you guys would have to do about $260 million of net income for deferreds in the third quarter to keep your dividend at $0.16 a share. And, you know, if it's extended into next year, the math gets even more difficult as 2019 rolls off because then presumably that goes up to closer to 300. So, I guess  so what I want to get a better sense for is that when you say that you're confident in meeting your dividends, are you basically saying that you're confident that you'll be able to meet that kind of net income threshold over the next couple of quarters?
David Turner: Yes, that's what we're saying.
Saul Martinez: All right. That's good. Ill be respectful of the one question rule. So thank you.
John Turner: Okay. Thanks, Saul.
Operator: Your next question is from Dave Rochester of Compass Point.
Dave Rochester: Hey, good morning, guys.
John Turner: Good morning.
Dave Rochester: Hey, given all the work you guys have done, but the more at-risk book and those credits under stress, which drove, you know, a lot of these downgrades and the quantitative reserve bills you guys have here, was just wondering what the reserve ratio is that you have on that at-risk book? Or what you're seeing as the, you know, overall potential loss content there?
Barb Godin: Yes, and this is Barb, and right now, we would have a reserve ratio on that at-risk book of about a little over 7%. And then, if you look at some of the sub-sectors, you know, energy as an example, those high-risk segments that we point out, 10.5% to give you a sense, restaurants over 7%. So, we think we have a pretty healthy reserve on it.
Dave Rochester: Great. All right, thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
John Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Christopher Marinac of Janney Montgomery.
John Turner: Good morning.
Christopher Marinac: Thanks, good morning. Just want to follow up on some points that Bob was making earlier. So, given the changes on the business criticized, and the results of this quarter, what has to change to see that further deteriorate? Do you feel like you're ahead of that with the changes that you made this quarter?
Barb Godin: Yes, I would say we're certainly on top of it. And of course, the wild card, as we all know, is what's going to happen in the economy. So, you know, our best view of the economy is what's incorporated into what our thinking is. If all of a sudden we get a second wave that comes in and closes everything down, there's going to be some more pain, but based on what we know today, and back to, you know, I'm really confident on it. As I said, we've gone through; we've had the discussions. They're not a [one and done] discussion. They are an ongoing discussion. We have these meetings set up with  Ill use Ronnies team again and we have them all in there, we have credit in there; we spend hours going through it. So again, that gives back to giving me that level of confidence that there's nothing that's happening that we're not talking about or seeing, and more importantly, reflecting in our thoughts around what are we going to call a criticized loan or a classified loan, an MPL or charge-off for that matter.
John Turner: Yes, I think the other caveat is we really  the level of federal government relief is unprecedented and it is very difficult for us to apply any sort of modeling to that. And so, depending upon whether the relief is extended or not, what that looks like, certainly is a factor as we look forward, but that, of course, would influence I think the economic conditions that we're currently assuming as well. So, it is an unusual time, but as Barb said, we feel like we're on top of our reserving and credit issues.
Barb Godin: Absolutely.
Christopher Marinac: Great. Thanks for the additional color. I appreciate it.
John Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Vivek Juneja of JPMorgan. 
John Turner: Vivek, good morning.
Vivek Juneja: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Just a couple of clarifications around credit, you mentioned  I think David mentioned, no more reserve build. David, am I to presume that you're  and at the same time you gave a guide on for net charge-offs to remain at second quarter levels? So two elements to that, where are you expecting charge offs? Wheres the  you know in your line of sight that you've given this guidance, you're obviously expecting charge-offs in some categories, which are those? And then, to your reserve point, related to that, David, are you expecting provisions will at least match charge-offs? Are you presuming reserves to loans are not going to start to come down, so you're not starting to release reserves yet, right?
David Turner: Well, let me start with your back part of the question, and Barb will answer the first part. So the way CECL works is we're supposed to reserve for all losses in the portfolio at the balance sheet date based on all the factors that are  that we can observe, economic indicators and the like. You know, and so, if we do that right and portfolio  the economy doesn't change, there's no degradation in the credit metrics, loans aren't growing, then you wouldn't expect to have provision  you can't have provision necessarily equal to charge-offs. It's kind of whatever it takes to get the reserve to the level it needs to be at the balance sheet date. So, right now, you know, we think we have it all. But as we did in the first quarter, the caveat we gave you then, we're going to give to you now. We don't know what the economy is going to look like at September 30, but based on what we do know, you know, even subsequent to closing the books, the economy hadn't degraded materially from [where we were when] we set the reserves. So, you know, we're feeling better about that going into the third quarter, which is different than going into the second. So, Barb, you want to answer the
Barb Godin : Yes, first part of the question, which is where are the charge-offs going to come from in our estimation based on the analysis that we've done, the conversations that we've had. Again, primarily from the two portfolios we've already talked about energy and restaurant. We have to see the rest of that play out. There's going to be some retail and some hotel that could impact as well, but that's generally what I would size it up to.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, thank you.
John Turner: Thank you, Vivek.
Operator: Your next question is from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
John Turner: Good morning, Gerard. 
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, John. How are you?
John Turner: Good, thank you.
Gerard Cassidy: I've got some questions on the forbearance part of this portfolio. Once a technical question on, are you accruing all the interest for those loans, even though the customers that may not be paying versus the ones that are paying? And then a second part of the question is, have you had any conversations with the Fed on when they may go back to their more traditional stance on forbearance and more on how banks have to, you know, carry the higher capital levels against those loans? And the third part of the question is, once you go off forbearance, the Fed says, it ends let's say, second quarter of 2021 and you still got loans on forbearance, will they immediately start going into a non-performing status meaning, you know, being 30 days past due, or will you just immediately put them in a non-accrual because they're already in forbearance?
David Turner : Georgia, this is David. I'll start with the first part. So loans go onto forbearance, we still accrue interest unless that loan was already on non-accrual status or it had  it didn't have the ability to pay all of its principal and its contractual principal and interest, which case, any payments that we were to receive, we actually write down the principal balance, that's our accounting policy. So for the most part, this type of forbearance that you're seeing, you can see the performance where people are still making their payments, but even if they're not, and they're not on nonaccrual we are in fact accruing interest on those. You want to talk about second part.
John Turner: The second part of the question is, we have not had any conversations with the Fed about when they may change their guidance about how we work with customers in respect to the coronavirus. Their initial guidance gave examples, including six month periods of forbearance as examples of how we might consider working with customers, and we really haven't had any guidance since then. The third part of your question I think was hypothetically what do we do if we get out nine months, 12 months and a customer still can't pay, Barb you want to talk about that?
Barb Godin: Yeah, I don't see a cliff at that point in time, because what we're doing is, what the process we have in place right now is, we're taking all of that information we have in place today, the customers on deferral, that's but one input point. We're looking at their cash flows. We're looking at a lot of other things to make the determination on the risk rating, which is why you're going to see customers who are paying that we may have sitting in a non-performing loan category and moved to a criticized reclassified category. So, we are making those risk rating changes, not because of the deferral, but as I said deferral is simply a point. So, I don't see a huge Cliff on any of that.
John Turner: And Barb we are using the deferral as a leading indicator to go dig deeper [drawn into] that relationship, not looking at trailing 12, but what the current information is today. And what challenges that that relationship is facing. So, we're  to Barb's point, we're calling it as we see it today.
David Turner : This David, I hate to pile on this, but it is important that people understand that. We are  because you are given leeway on forbearance from a regulatory standpoint. If we believe that needs to be rich graded a certain way we're doing that. So that's why you shouldn't see a cliff effect, regardless of what the Fed says about how we can treat loans or TDRs or anything. We're calling that independent  independently.
Barb Godin: Exactly.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you.
David Turner : Thank you, Gerard.
Operator: Your final question is from John Pancari of Evercore.
John Turner: Good morning, John.
Rahul Patil: Hi, this is Rahul Patil on behalf of John. I just have one question on the efficiency ratio, I mean it is like 2Q 2020 the efficiency ratio was around adjusted basis of 57.7%, you know you talked about your willingness to look at expenses little bit closely if the revenue environment is a challenge. Can you talk about how you are thinking about the efficiency ratio going forward, you know what sort of level is reasonable, assuming that the current conditions kind of stayed or persist through at least year-end? Because I know in the past youve talked about a mid-50%, Im not sure if there is any update on that.
David Turner: Yes, so we still have that as our long-term goal to get our efficiency ratio down into the mid-50s and then when we get there we are going to be pushing it even harder. So, we have a little bit of volatility obviously in our revenue given changing rate environment, we'll have a little bit of pressure on NII as we've mentioned just a minute ago, for the next quarter, but when you have challenges on revenue, then you have to go back and work on expenses. And that's part of our program. So, while you may see that percentage change a bit, any good quarter to quarter, I think where we are right now is sustainable over time and perhaps working that way down over time as we as we continue to work on expenses and the benefits from further hedges that actually come into force and the third quarter will help us from a revenue standpoint.
John Turner: Okay. [With no] further questions, we really appreciate your participation today. Thank you for your interest in our company. Have a good weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Shelby, and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Shelby. Welcome to Regions first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. John Turner will provide some high level commentary and David Turner will take you through an overview of the quarter. Earnings-related documents, including forward-looking statements, are available under the Investor Relations section of our website. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments as well as the Q&A segment of today's call. With that, I'll now turn it over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and thank you all for joining our call today. I want to begin the call today by thanking our 19,000 associates, who despite tremendous disruption in their personal and professional lives continue to come together as a team to support each other, our customers and communities through the COVID-19 pandemic. The last few weeks have certainly been challenging. However, our top priority is the health and wellbeing of our associates and customers. In order to do our part to reduce the spread of COVID-19, we were one of the first banks to limit in-person branch activity to our drive-throughs and converted office services to appointment only. We also reopened previously closed locations to better serve our customers. Fortunately, due to our footprint, the majority of our branches have drive-through capabilities and I'm proud that we've been able to keep 97% of our branches open during this time. Additionally, almost half of our associates are now working remotely. Our teams remain committed to delivering the financial advice and guidance our customers have come to expect from the Regions bankers. These changes will help us do so in a way that minimizes the associated health risks. We're offering special financial assistance to support our customers who are experiencing financial hardships related to the pandemic. Through Tuesday, we have processed approximately 17,000 consumer payment deferral request, including approximately 4,000 related to residential mortgages. In addition, we've processed requests for approximately 12,000 mortgage loans serviced for others. From a business customer perspective, we've processed approximately 4,000 more. Also as a certified SBA lender, we've been working very hard to help customers through the new Paycheck Protection Program. And I'm proud to say that through yesterday, we have facilitated assistance to our business customers totaling $2.8 billion. We recognize the importance to our customers and their employees of access to fund through this program. In the span of 8 days, we established a cross functional team to create an end-to-end digital application, build automation around every feasible point in the process, reassign several hundred staff from other departments and train them to accept and process loan applications for small business owners. We're hopeful Congress will appropriate additional funds as significant need remains. Importantly, the bank also continued to lend to customers outside of the stimulus programs. During the quarter, new and renewed loan originations to business customers totaled just over $10 billion. Further through the bank and our foundation, we've committed approximately $5 million toward consumer and small business recovery efforts. We're also donating advertising time, originally purchased for promoting bank products and services, to food banks across our footprints. These advertisements encourage viewers to financially support food banks as they strive to help those in need. As we navigate through this crisis, our teams will continue to come together to identify innovative and meaningful ways to better connect with us and serve our customers. For some time now, we have communicated our goal of generating consistent, sustainable long-term performance through every economic cycle. All of our plans were built around this concept. Because of our focus and the deliberate steps we have taken, we entered these challenging times from a position of strength, underpinned by a robust capital and liquidity. This will allow us to better support our customers as we work together to get through this unprecedented time in our history. We will incur some stress that's just a result of the economy we're in as we combat this public health crisis. But unlike the crisis, the financial services industry experienced a decade ago, we are providing solutions to meet the needs of our customers during this extraordinary time. We have spent decades strengthening our capital position and risk management framework through an intense focus on risk adjusted returns, client selectivity, and robust concentration risk management, we have built a more balanced and diverse portfolio. Our strong capital and liquidity positions combined with extensive de-risking efforts, has given us confidence that we can weather the pressure from the abrupt economic slowdown. In addition, two years ago, we initiated a significant hedging strategy to reduce net interest income variability and protect us from the impacts of a lower interest rate environment. The benefit from our hedging strategy provides us with a substantial competitive advantage in the current low rate environment. All of this allows us to move forward confidently and remain focused on the things we can control, providing support to our associates and communities and offering first-class advice, guidance, and education to our customers. Although we're at a time of significant economic stress, it's too soon to estimate its duration or severity. We are encouraged by the actions taken by government and bank regulators to provide relief to individuals and small businesses while also supporting the smooth functioning of the financial markets. In light of this uncertainty, we are resending our financial targets for this year along with our three-year targets previously announced in 2019. We remain committed to our strategic plan but acknowledge the need to remain flexible during this time of unprecedented and historic uncertainty. We will provide updates with respect to our financial targets once conditions stabilize and we'd have better visibility. We adopted the concept of shared value several years ago whereby what we do as a business must create long-term value for customers, communities, associates and shareholders. Frankly, I'm convinced that it has never been more important as we work through the current health crisis together with our customers and communities. Thank you for your time and attention this morning. With that I'll now turn it over to David.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with our quarterly highlights. First quarter net income totalled, $139 million resulting in diluted earnings per share of $0.14. Items impacting our results this quarter includes a significant CECL provision in excess of net charge offs and a large increase to our CVA associated with customer derivatives as interest rates move down substantially during the quarter and credit spreads widen. Partially offsetting the negative adjustments our MSR, net of hedges performed favorably during the quarter. In total, the adjusted and additional selected items highlighted on the slide reduced our pretax results by approximately $280 million. Let's take a look at our results starting with the balance sheet. Adjusted the average loans increased 1% while adjusted ending loans increased 7%. Loan growth was driven primarily by elevated commercial draw activity late in the quarter. Utilization rates increased from 45% at the end of the year to 54% at the end of March. As a point of reference, our utilization rate is typically around 45% and during the global financial crisis peaked around 51%. In the last week of the quarter the pace of increase slowed and we expect utilization rates will remain relatively stable for the time being. The draws we experienced have been primarily defensive or cautionary in nature and are broad based geographically and across all industries. Approximately 60% have come from investment grade companies, so we anticipate a portion of these customers will eventually seek permanent financing through the capital markets. However, it is too early to try and predict the timing of any refinancing. As a result, predicting loan growth is challenging. However, I do want to remind you that on April 1, we closed our purchase of Ascentium capital, which included approximately $2 billion in loans to small businesses. We look forward to leveraging the technology, speed and convenience that Ascentium is known for in combination with our broad spectrum of banking solutions to meet the needs of small businesses during this difficult time. Let's turn to deposits. Average deposits increased 1%, while ending deposits increased 3% as many of our corporate customers drawing on their lines are keeping that excess cash in their deposit accounts. We expect these balances will come down over time as customers secure financing in the capital markets, or customers get more clarity regarding the economic impact of the health crisis. As we have experienced in previous periods of stress, consumer deposits increased as customers seek the safety and soundness of a regulated and insured financial institution. We expect total deposits will continue to increase both at regions and across the industry. On an ending basis, corporate segment deposits increased 8%, while wealth and consumer segment deposits each increased 3%. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the wholesale broker deposits within the other segment. Shifting to net interest income and margin, which is a strong story for regions. Net interest income increased 1% linked quarter and net interest margin increased five basis points to 3.44%. As expected net interest income and that interest margin have been a source of stability under an extremely volatile market interest rate backdrop. Specifically, lower loan yields were offset by lower funding cost and the benefit of forward starting hedges becoming active in the quarter. Now that most of our forward starting hedges have begun and given our ability to move deposit costs lower, our balance sheet is largely insulated from movement in short term rates. Loan hedges added $10 million to net interest income and four basis points to the margin in the quarter. This will increase going forward as the benefits are realized for the entirety of future quarters. Further, all of our hedges have five-year tenors and a quarter end market valuation of $1.7 billion, another relative differentiator. Of note, net interest income was supported in March as LIBOR rates remained elevated at a time when other short term rates indices, which are our large driver of deposit cost, moved close to zero. The benefit of elevated LIBOR is projected to normalize by midyear. Additionally, higher average loan balances increased net interest income, but reduced net interest margin, while one fewer day in the quarter reduced net interest income, but increased net interest margin. Total deposit costs declined six basis points compared to the prior quarter to 35 basis points and interest-bearing deposit cost declined 9 basis points to 55 basis points. Regions continues to deliver industry-leading performance in this space, exhibiting the strength of our deposit franchise. Over the coming quarters, we expect deposit cost to migrate back down into the 10 to 14 basis point range. Looking ahead to the second quarter, let me start by saying these expectations exclude the potential impact from the Feds Paycheck Protection Program, but are too uncertain to include in the forecast at this time. We expect second quarter net interest income and net interest margin to benefit from the Ascentium Capital acquisition. Net interest margin is anticipated at roughly 3.4%. Excluding Ascentium, a larger, average balance sheet in the near term is anticipated, given increased loan and liquidity needs from our customers. While this will benefit net interest income, it will slightly reduce net interest margin. Now let's take a look at fee revenue and expenses. Almost all non-interest revenue categories were impacted by market volatility and economic uncertainty, resulting in a 14% decrease compared to the prior quarter. After experiencing a record quarter in the fourth quarter, capital markets revenue decreased to $9 million. Excluding unfavorable CVA, capital markets income totaled $43 million. We generated record customer derivatives income in connection with lower interest rates, but experienced decreases across all other categories. Looking forward, M&A transactions, in particular, are likely to remain on hold until markets stabilize and the economic outlook becomes more certain. Mortgage income increased 39% over the fourth quarter, driven primarily by elevated sales and record application volumes associated with the favorable rate environment, as well as positive net hedge performance on mortgage servicing rights. Lower interest rates sparked a significant increase in year-over-year production. In fact, our first quarter total application volume was more than double our historical first quarter average. Wealth management revenue remained stable despite market volatility. If market conditions persist, however, we could experience a decline next quarter in line with lower asset values. Service charge revenue and card and ATM fees decreased 5% and 6%, respectively. During the last two weeks of the quarter, we observed a reduction of approximately 30% in consumer spending activity. Looking forward, if current spend levels persist, we estimate total consumer noninterest income will be negatively impacted by approximately $20 million to $25 million per month from pre-March levels. Partially offsetting these headwinds, however, our positive revisions to anticipated mortgage income resulting from lower interest rates. Mortgage production increased 60% compared to the first quarter of the prior year and pipelines are strong. Full year 2020 production is expected to increase by approximately 40% versus the prior year. Let's move on to noninterest expense. Adjusted noninterest expenses remained well controlled, decreasing 5% compared to the prior quarter, driven primarily by lower salaries and benefits, professional fees and marketing expenses. Salaries and benefits decreased 4% driven by lower production-based incentives and negative market value adjustments on employee benefit assets, which are offset by lower noninterest income. Professional fees decreased 36% driven primarily by elevated legal, consulting and professional fees in the fourth quarter. The company's first quarter adjusted efficiency ratio was 57.9%, and the effective tax rate was 20.6%. We continue to benefit from continuous improvement processes as we have completed only 40% of our current list of identified initiatives. For example, since the first quarter of last year, we have reduced total corporate space by almost 900,000 square feet or 7%. While it's still early, the pandemic is already having an impact on how we interact and communicate with customers and each other. We've already initiated changes and in many instances are discovering that not all change is bad. For example, we have wealth teams calling on and winning business using Webex and video conferencing in effective and dynamic ways. Whether it's through new ways to interact with customers or increased use of hoteling, we believe there are additional opportunities where corporate space is concerned. So we are going to keep our minds open as we navigate through this disruption. So let's shift to asset quality. We adopted the CECL accounting standard as of January 1, 2020. As permitted by the Federal Reserve, we will defer the impact from the CECL accounting standard on common equity Tier 1 capital each quarter until the end of 2021, after which it will be phased in at 25% per year. As of March 31, this amount is approximately $440 million and represents all of our day 1 after tax adjustment recorded directly as a reduction of shareholders' equity on January 1 as well as 25% of our first quarter provision in excess of net charge-offs. The related impact to our first quarter common equity Tier 1 ratio is approximately 40 basis points. Under CECL, credit loss provision expense for the quarter totaled $373 million. This amount includes providing for $123 million in net charge-offs as well as $250 million of additional provision, reflecting adverse economic conditions and significant uncertainty within the economic forecast, including uncertainty surrounding the benefits of government stimulus already enacted and potential additional stimulus, all occurring since the initial assessment at adoption on January 1, 2020. The additional provision was further impacted by higher specific reserves associated with downgrades primarily in the energy and restaurant portfolios. The resulting allowance for credit losses is 1.89% of total loans and 261% of total nonaccrual loans. Charge-offs were 59 basis points this quarter and included the impact from our most recent shared national credit exam. Nonperforming loans increased $131 million primarily driven by energy credits. Total delinquencies and troubled debt restructured loans decreased 4% and 9%, respectively, while business services criticized loans increased 12%. Recently, regulatory agencies issued guidance stating short-term modifications to borrowers experiencing financial distress as a result of economic impacts created by COVID-19 will not be classified as a troubled debt restructured loan as long as their payments were current as of December 31. We do not expect a material increase in TDRs. In this environment, we are monitoring all of our portfolios closely. However, I want to take a couple of minutes to highlight a few portfolios currently experiencing stress. In most instances, these are the same portfolios we have been discussing for some time now. Energy is a portfolio we continue to monitor. Direct energy balances totaled $2.4 billion or 2.7% of loans outstanding at quarter end. Since 2014, we have worked diligently to remix the portfolio and reduce our exposure to the oilfield services sector, which is where most of our losses have occurred. During the quarter, we conducted an intensive review of all of our energy clients, including E&Ps, midstream and oilfield services, which resulted in a handful of downgrades in both the E&P and midstream space. We have been in the energy business for over 50 years and have always maintained a heavy focus on client selectivity. Our spring borrowing base redeterminations are in process, and we are continually reassessing our price deck. At current oil price levels, we do expect additional stress but overall believe the portfolio will perform at least as well as it did in the 2014 crisis, perhaps even better given the significant remixing in the portfolio. Within the hospitality portfolio, which includes restaurant and hotels, we are closely monitoring casual dining and quickserve. Total restaurant balances were $1.9 billion at quarter end. Casual dining restaurants with balances of approximately $550 million are continuing to experience stress due to higher labor costs, oversupply, digital transformation challenges and general pressure on margins. We expect additional pressure in this space as shelter in place orders continue. In fact, we're already receiving requests for mitigation and payment deferrals. Quickserve, which represents 63% of our restaurant portfolio, seems to be holding up well. Our exposure to hotels is primarily limited to a handful of large, well-structured REITs, which typically have lower leverage and strong cash positions. Depending on the ultimate duration of the pandemic, we expect most will weather the downturn. However, we have already experienced several requests for relief. We're also closely watching the transportation, retail and agriculture portfolios as they also have the potential to be adversely impacted by the current business environment. I previously mentioned the approximately $2 billion of small business loans we acquired as part of the Ascentium Capital acquisition on April 1. These balances will be reported with our second quarter results. But let me briefly remind everyone that under CECL, you will see a sizable adjustment currently estimated to be between $100 million and $120 million, establishing our initial allowance for these loans, which will run through provision expense. This expense will be offset by accretion of the credit discount through interest income over the life of the purchased loan portfolio. Recent annual loss rates on this book of business have been approximately 2.5%. Because they focus on business-essential equipment and high FICO guarantors, we believe the business will be resilient through periods of stress. Recall, the average yield on these loans are approximately 10%, and they do include certain prepayment protections. So while losses will increase in the near term due to the economic environment, we continue to feel very good about the acquisition and are looking forward to working together to better support our small business customers. The extent to which all of our customers are ultimately impacted will be a factor of the duration and severity of the economic impact as well as the effectiveness of the various government programs in place to support individuals and businesses. There is a lot that is still unknown. However, what we do know is that we enter this environment from a position of strength and are committed to assisting our customers and communities. As John mentioned, we know we will experience some stress. However, our strong capital and liquidity positions accompanied by decade long journey to enhance our credit risk management framework and our discipline and dynamic approach to managing concentration risks have made us better managers of risk and have positioned us well to weather an economic downturn. So lets take a look at capital and liquidity, during periods of stress, liquidity management is critical. Like the rest of the industry, we experienced a spike in credit line draws late in the quarter. These were primarily from companies being prudent and wanting to ensure they had adequate cash on hand. We did the same thing through additional advances at the Federal Home Loan Bank, which we used to increase our cash at the Federal Reserve. Liquidity at Regions really starts with our granular and stable deposit base, which provides superior liquidity value. Regions has traditionally maintain one of the lowest loan deposit ratios in our peer group in a quarter end this ratio stood at 88% and includes the impact of increased line of credit draws observed by customers late in the quarter. Further, our risk management and stress testing framework ensure our liquidity positions are prepared to meet customer needs and turbulent times such as lease. Beyond deposits, Regions also has ample sources of additional liquidity, which can be readily used to meet customer needs. Our primary liquidity sources include cash balances held at the Federal Reserve, borrowing capacity at the Federal Home Loan Bank, and unencumbered highly liquid securities, these readily available sources totaled approximately $28 billion at quarter end and when combined with another $15 billion of availability at the Federal Reserve discount window, total available liquidity stands at $43 billion. FHLB advances remain the primary tool we used to fulfill short-term funding needs. We have seen great interest in the SBA and Paycheck protection program loans and we are endeavoring to meet the needs of customers. While we were use liquidity resources on hand to meet those near-term needs, were also looking at the Federal Reserves new Paycheck Protection Program Lending Facility as an alternative funding source. With respect the parent company cash, we also maintain a conservative position. By policy parent company cash must always exceed 18 months worth of debt service and dividend payments and current cash forecast remain above our management target of 24 months. Lets turn to capital, Regions continues to maintain strong capital levels. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio is estimated at 9.4%. Our quantitative target for this ratio is derived mathematically and as we have previously discussed is 9%. We believe this is the appropriate level of capital to withstand a severely adverse scenario and still remain above post stress limits. Weve also maintained approximately 50 basis points as a strategic management buffer, which could be deployed opportunistically. We use the portion of the management buffer on the Ascentium transaction, which closed April 1. As we go forward, future economic performance and its impact on earnings will be the primary driver of near-term capital levels. In addition to the negative implications due to COVID-19, it is also important to keep in mind that we have never seen the volume at which fiscal stimulus and government lending programs have been implemented. The ability of these programs to effectively work to help support the businesses and consumers within the economy will dramatically impact credit performance for us and the industry. During this period of uncertainty, we will continue to work with our customers to help them navigate these uncertain times. Additionally, we will lean into our early warning and key performance indicators that we have built over the years, which give us a granular view into the performance of our portfolios, where we see indications that a customer will continue to face stress once a short-term relief is over, we will move those credits into more adversely rated categories and well continue to review their performance. As you know, we have a robust capital planning infrastructure and perform a range of stress is on credit performance within our portfolio, whereas this environment is unlike anything we have ever seen our stress testing gives us confidence that we have the capital to withstand the stress. During the quarter, the company declared $149 million in common dividends. We had no share repurchases during the quarter and have announced plans to suspend share repurchases through the second quarter. Because we established our dividend to withstand adverse conditions, we currently have no plans to reduce or eliminate our dividend. However, we will continue to exercise prudent capital management and monitor the business environment. So in summary, our robust capital and liquidity planning processes, which are stressed internally as well as externally by our regulators are designed to ensure resilience and sustainability. This gives us confidence that we can continue to meet the needs of our customers and communities during this exceptional period of economic uncertainty. As John mentioned, considering the unprecedented environment we are facing, we are resending our financial targets for this year, as well as our three year targets previously announced in 2019. We have a good strategic plan and are committed to its continued execution. When the economic outlook becomes more certain, we will provide you with updated targets. In the meantime, we are focusing our attention on helping our associates, customers and communities navigate through this difficult landscape, which in turn benefits you our shareholders. We believe strongly in the concept of shared value, in order for us to thrive, the communities we serve also need to thrive. Rest assured during this extraordinary time, Regions stands ready to help and support all of our stakeholders. With that, were happy to take your questions. In light of the current environment, we do ask that each of you ask only one question to allow for more participants. We will now open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
John Turner: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hey, good morning. I have couple  so my one question is just regarding the decision to pull the medium-term guidance, I totally understand the 2020, but when I see that youre pulling the medium term guidance, Im wondering is that because of the concern you have around the depth of how tough 2020 could end up being or is there some other rationale for that?
David Turner: Yes, this is David. I just thank you. And the uncertainty thats in the environment right now is just prudent for us to just remove it all. Therell be an appropriate time for us to put back and give you our target  long-term targets. I mean, youve known after a couple of Investor Day, where we strive to get but I just didnt seem appropriate for us to have those at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
John Turner: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: All right, thanks. Good morning guys. So I just  a question on just all the moving parts around your NII forecast. I understanding that theres the lower PPP, theres the Ascentium. I guess, with the persistence of your hedges, do you still believe youve got that general sustainability past 2Q in terms of the ability to support dollars of NII as you look past these  the ads as you get in from first to second. How would you help us understand that?
John Turner: Yes. So going into the second quarter, we said wed pick up NII resulting from our Ascentium acquisition. Clearly, the hedges you could see our  we have chart in there as to when our hedges continue to more of them kick in latter part of this quarter and into the second quarter. We only had $10 million of benefit in the first quarter from our hedges. You can see we also have $1.7 billion of fair value, which comes in over approximately five years. So if you just did some straight lining, you would see an approximate $75 million benefit in each of the quarters. And its not straight line, but that just gives you a ballpark. So with that, we strongly believe in the support were going to get from our hedges. We think thats a big differentiator for us. Clearly the margin will shift down a bit and then kind of stabilize there for the remainder of the year. After the Ascentium impact and you get the hedges rolling in, the growth in NII really will be driven by the balance sheet and what happens from that standpoint.
Ken Usdin: Okay, got it. Thanks a lot, David. Ill leave it there given your one question request.
David Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Foran of Autonomous Research.
Brian Foran: Hi. Maybe a follow-up on hedges. Its interesting, I mean, all the regional banks generally opted out of including a OCI and capital as a  weve seen as a form of regulatory relief. But now, especially for a bank like you where youve got the outside team that it kind of understates your capital ratios in a way. So I wonder, can you just remind us, what would the capital ratios look like if the unrealized gains were included and is there any scenario where the hedges are so valuable you would actually monetize that  invest them some way in an acquisition or a buyback or is that just too far out?
David Turner: Well, so we made our decision to exclude OCI, it was a choice we had. Had we not made that choice, we would have had just with the hedges that we have another $1.7 billion thats pretax in our capital. But once you make the decision, you have to live by it. And thats okay. So, to the extent that we see opportunities to terminate those swaps, we would take that gain. It would be deferred and amortized and the income therefore capital over the remaining life of the swaps, which as Ive mentioned earlier our five-year tenor. So that would only be in a case where you saw the probability of rates increasing. And then wed get ahead of that. That does not seem to be the case at this point in time. But youre asking the right question. There will come a point in time where we do that. Remember the hedges are to protect net income from being degraded as a result of the low interest rate environment. Its not an incremental. It is trying to protect what we do have. And so while were enjoying that protection, theres no need for us to try and front end gains and use that for capital actions to sustain our profile in our consistency of generating PPNR.
Brian Foran: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt OConnor of Deutsche Bank.
John Turner: Good morning, Matt.
Matt OConnor: Good morning. Can you just talk about some of the expense levers that you can pull, while a lot of things are shutdown and theres obviously a lot of emphasis on employees. But youve had kind of continuous improvement on expenses for several years and just talk about some of the things that you can look at in the environment here. Thanks.
David Turner: Yes, Matt. So, weve continued to be focused on expense management. I think weve done a really good job there. If you look at our top categories, salaries and benefits, occupancy and charter fixtures and equipment, the places weve been able to reduce expenses have been attached to our branches. Weve consolidated a whole lot more branches than weve opened up. We continued to look at that and continue to have  we have a whole group of people focused on our retail network strategy to make sure that were optimizing that network from a revenue and growth generation as well as cost optimization. So you should expect us to continue there. We have continued to reduce square footage that were down some 300,000 square feet in the quarter. Well be down another 600,000 to 700,000 for the full year. And were learning some things working from home and weve really had missed a beat in terms of efficiency and effectiveness. So I had mentioned in the prepared comments kind of hoteling and maybe theres an opportunity for us to continue to ramp that up even more so. Our vendor spin, we continued to have programs in place to control and reduce the vendor costs in particular, on the demand management side of things. So I think, we have 73 initiatives that we've identified in continuous improvement. I had mentioned, we're through 40% of those  actually were through about 32 of them. We'll complete another 14 this year. So John has asked us to figure out how we get better at whatever we do, wherever you are in the bank, how do you do it better tomorrow than you did today? And so I think you should continue to see us look for ways to become more efficient and effective over time. So we're  we have some ways to continue to work on the expense side.
John Turner: And I would just add, Matt, we've seen a lot of change and improvement over the last four or five weeks as we've accelerated the need to react the way we serve our customers. And so I think it bodes well for continued process improvement. With process improvement, were getting greater efficiency. We're absolutely committed to effectively managing expenses all the time, but particularly during this period of some great uncertainty.
Matt O'Connor: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
John Turner: Good morning, Jennifer.
Jennifer Demba: Thank you. Good morning. You mentioned energy and restaurant lending being particularly stressed. What kind of loss content do you think you could see in these two buckets, considering a range of possibilities of economic recovery?
John Turner: Barb, if you want to take that question?
Barb Godin: Sure. Good morning, Jennifer. As we look at the energy buckets as an example, we know thats right now that there is acute demand dislocation. However, on the other hand, you also have OPEC which came out and reduced the supply by 9.7 million barrels. And then you combine that with the opening of the economy, which we're hoping will help, should happen soon, and that's going to help with demand and with some stabilization and prices. I'd also point to with the books that we now have, the fact that majority of it is now midstream and primary E&P in the senior secured position, no second lien positions, et cetera, that you're feeling pretty good about that book. We actually stressed at, Jennifer, down to $24 a barrel. We also know we're in a contango market, so we do anticipate higher future prices as well. But we also know that crude storage is an issue. So we've got our eyes on energy. We're managing again on a day-to-day basis. Are we going to see some more energy losses? Probably, but here are two, four of our E&P book, we've only taken $5 million of losses since 2012 for E&P. The one that we have this quarter, we saw the loss numbers. It was roughly a $21 million loss to an E&P customer to that grouping, but it was a Master Limited Partnership, so not truly E&P per se, and I would say, a Shared National Credit as well. So we do see some of our non-performing loans are going to increase and criticized and classified, theyre going to increase, but in terms of surge-off, well we know they all increase. We think, they will be well under control. Let me talk to you a second on restaurants. Restaurants instead  but primarily for restaurant, it's going to be some of the quick serve and fast casual, et cetera. What we know is our quick service down 20% to 30%, fast casual just down 30% to 40% right now. It's 3% of our restaurant outstandings are all secured. And we know that the full service restaurants right now are experiencing the greatest impact. So again, saying that we know that there's going to be some more losses coming out of restaurants and again, we feel that they're going to be pretty well controlled given one we are.
John Turner: Thank you, Barb.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Winter of Wedbush.
John Turner: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Winter: Good morning. Can you just talk about some of your economic assumptions, what you're assuming and I'm just curious, if you cut it off on March 31, because we've just seen the recent economic work have gotten a little bit worse?
David Turner: Yes. So Peter, given the significant economic volatility associated with COVID-19, we actually ran several economic scenarios to determine our allowance for credit losses. We also use third-party comparisons in particular, Moody's March 27 comparison. Our models really werent built for this type of change, so we knew we were going to have to have some overlays on top of that to get it to what we thought was an appropriate, allowance for credit losses. Theres been a lot of discussion in terms of what we think about the recovery, and what shape it is? And really we think a better question would be not the shape of the curve, but at what pace does it actually recover to pre-recession levels and well call it pre-recession be in the fourth quarter of 2019. So, we have pretty severe numbers of GDP, approaching that 20% in the second quarter, unemployment, approaching the 10%. And while it does, we do expect it recover. We expect that its going to be very slow. If you go back to the financial crisis, it took about 14 quarters before we got back to pre-recession GDP. Our expectation is its going to be somewhere between 10 and 12 quarters before we get back there. So, call it the later part of 2022. So, we do not think the snaps back. We think its prolonged. We get better from the second quarter. Right? So, you start to come up. But youre just not going to come up at the pace that you just went down. Therefore it cant vis--vis. Its going to be, I dont know what the symbol is, but call the checkmark more so. And the slope of that will be the recovery again, getting back to GDP in the fourth quarter of 2022.
Peter Winter: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
John Turner: Good Morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. My question is for Barb, if I could. So the last time, Regions went through DFAS, the nine quarter loss rate was 3.9% under severely adverse versus the Fed-run test at 6.5%. And I can see the historical bias in the CRE bucket, but Im wondering, Barb, if you could, give us a sense of what the difference is particularly in where they think your C&I loss rate would be in such a scenario versus yours? Thats a pretty wide gap there. And in the most impacted industries that you outlined for us is a cumulative loss rate over two years of around 6% to 7% like we saw in the GFC fair? Or do you think theres just, strong enough underwriting that would preclude that scenario from unfolding?
Barb Godin: Well, we always know, firstly, Jennifer [ph] that were always going to have increase losses during these times of stress. So, Ill start with that. And we also know, and I feel really comfortable on this as saying that as fact that our underwriting has changed, our risk management is really strong. The entire company is focused on overall risk management. So, we are going to perform better than in prior periods. If we look at what our DFAS losses were Ill just use 2018 maybe as a bellwether, and somebody had used that in one of their analysis. And at the time they said the  thats currently, Ill see, Im sorry, my allowance is $1.665 billion and the 2018 DFAS losses at the time was $3.1 billion. So thats roughly 55% in a severe adverse environment of that. And I think thats pretty good. I think its going to range somewhere between the high-40s and, somewhere into the 50s. So, again generally is feeling comfortable with those numbers. Did I answer your question?
Erika Najarian: Yes, I guess, we just wanted to clarify what you think the primary differences are in terms of what the fed sees in your portfolio in terms of the worst loss experience and also trying to figure out the upper bound of cumulative losses in those most impacted sectors that youve outlined in your presentation?
Barb Godin: I think the biggest difference between what we look at and what the fed looks at. So, even though we take history into account, the fed models are much more heavily biased towards history, which is the reason I started with we are a changed company. Were not going back to 2009, 2010, 2011 outlook areas with curious. But those were our highest loss histories, which are currently still in the models and the fed model, as you know, they dont disclose how they arrive at your model. So, we have to make some assumptions and we know that theres still a fairly heavy weighting on that, whereas we have probably less of a waiting on that, especially given all of our performance since then has been much better.
John Turner: Erika, just to add, this is John. We've spent a lot of time. I think as you know focused on client selectivity on risk adjusted returns, on balance and diversity, on de-risking. If you look across our portfolios, we don't have meaningful concentrations. In my view anyway, in any particular asset classes, we have a rigorous capital planning and stress testing process. We're applying stress as against our portfolio and making observations about it based upon what we know today. The provision and the reserves that were currently provisioned, we experience the reserves we're currently holding reflect our expectation of losses, given what we know, if this economic environment that exists currently persist, then it is very possible that we could see some additional provisioning. But we do believe our loss experience will be much better as to why our own projections are different from the fed and we're always trying to figure that out and we still have, I think work to do to better understand. We've been advocating and the fed is responding to giving us more transparency into their assumptions in their work, because we think that'll be helpful. If there's a real difference between what they believe and what we believe. We need to understand what that is, so that we can react to and so just purely from a standpoint of regulatory relationships, it is something that we continue to advocate for.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Saul Martinez of UBS.
David Turner: Good morning, Saul.
Saul Martinez: Hey, good morning. I just have a very specific question on Ascentium, so you're taking your CECL true up on that loan  I'm sorry, on the loan book, what was the credit mark on that and by extension, how much of an incremental purchase accounting accretion benefit are you going to get on that?
John Turner: Yes. So on day one, we are still working through that. We've given you a range of this adjustment in a $100 million to $120 million range that will be utilized or set up as to be amortized to margin over the life of the loan. And we'll  that's our best estimate for that adjustment at this time. And just kind of frame it up as to where that number comes from, so losses in that portfolio have been about 2.5% and the duration of that book is under three years, call it 2.5 years. And so we will have something in two times that  to 2.5 times that number, that will be recorded in the allowance for the offset and then becoming part of the purchase accounting accretion over time.
Saul Martinez: Okay. So, I'm sorry, just getting into the view of the accounting, but my understanding is there's essentially a double hit.
John Turner: That's right.
Saul Martinez: So you'll have a similar size credit mark and then over the two years, 2.5 years you would amortize, you would have that, come back to as purchase accounting accretion and theoretically that should out flow to the bottom line given the process flow.
John Turner: That's correct.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Got it. Thank you so much.
David Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Turner: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. Question on the credit side, based upon that we got new Moody's data that had come out after the quarter close. Does that point to a likelihood of an additional reserve build in the second quarter? And then separately, could you give us a little bit of detail of what type of loan loss reserve you have against some of those higher risk portfolios that you mentioned on those slides in the back of the deck? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. So from a second quarter standpoint, we did the best we could, coming up with what we believe to be an appropriate CECL provision for the life of the loan at March 31, taking in all available evidence. Clearly, as John just mentioned, if things persist at this level and the stimulus doesn't work or doesn't work to the degree we think. There is a risk that we provide overcharge offs in subsequent quarters. The question is we just need to wait and see what it looks like at the end of June. We can't  every day is a new day. This is a very volatile environment. So things continued to trend worse at this point in time, but we also have $5.1 trillion of stimulus going into the system, which compares to about $2.1 trillion in the last crisis. And that would remind everybody that $2.1 trillion came over time, this $5.1 trillion is coming pretty quickly. And I know the government is continuing to look at additional ways to provide stimulus. So what does it all mean? It's just hard to estimate. So we can't conclude right now that we would have an adjustment overcharge offs, but that's reasonably possible given if things trend like this. That's a likely event. What was the second part of your
John Pancari: Question was  it was just  yes, just the size of the reserve that you have against some of the higher risk portfolios that you've flagged, including leverage lending?
David Turner: Yes. I don't have that granularity in front of me on those particular portfolios, yet we're going have some incremental disclosure in our 10-Q of the major components. So business services, consumer, then within that, that the breakout or mortgage, credit card, indirect auto and so forth. But I don't have that John on at  that level. We can get that to you.
John Turner: Yes. We are  just to break down business versus consumer. We're holding 150 basis points of reserves against the business portfolio. 260 basis points against consumer to get you back to the 190.
John Pancari: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Dave Rochester of Compass Point.
Dave Rochester: Hey, good morning guys. Appreciate all the color on the energy and the restaurant books. Just maybe dig in a little bit deeper, was just wondering how far along you are in that borrowing base redetermination process at this point? And if you have a sense for where the new deck is, how much lines have contracted for those customers and then just on the restaurant book, if you've been able to do a full review of that book as well. And if you have a sense for how many customers may no longer be operating at this point and just how you project should be for that if you assume some of those guys come back into business. Thanks.
John Turner: Yes, Barb, do you want to respond to that question?
Barb Godin: Yes. For the energy books, we are roughly a quarter of the way through the borrowing base redetermination for the season. So far we've seen that those borrowing bases, availability is down about 12.5%. So we know that there's clearly some impacts there. We should be through the rest of our book in the course of the next month, month and a half, so we can always give more color at that point in time. On the restaurant book, we've also looked at each client individually because there aren't that many clients. And so we were talking to them on a regular basis, daily, weekly, monthly right now, make sure we have our handle on that. We do see some continued pressure on full service in particular as I said quickservice is a lot better. But the full-service portfolio, which has got, as I said, the most impact is really because of the restaurants are closed. So until the economy opens up, we're going to continue to see some pressure there and we're going to continue to see some losses there, albeit, we believe they are at very manageable and containable.
Dave Rochester: So what portion of that book would be closed right now? And then do you just assume they come back later on in your reserving process?
Barb Godin: Yes. I don't have the exact numbers that are closed at this minute, but in the restaurant book, we have 3,600 customers in total. And of that it would be somewhere, a portion of that obviously. And in terms of close, it's hard to count. Do I count each individual shop in terms of someone who's got multiple units and they've only closed one or two, et cetera. So that becomes a little bit of a tricky answer to that question. But yes, there are handful probably in the nature of 10 to 20 right now.
John Turner: Yes. The only thing I would add, just sort of point you to our slide number  on page 23 I think. Barb says the  a bulk of the casual dining portfolio represented by about 34 customers is just over a $0.5 million  $0.5 billion in exposure. 21% of that portfolio is currently criticized and that reflects our view of the risk in that portfolio today based upon what we know.
Dave Rochester: All right. Great. Thanks guys.
John Turner: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Scouten of Piper Sandler.
John Turner: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Scouten: Hey guys. Good morning. I remind you dig in a little deeper maybe into some of the impacts from some of the government programs, I know it's kind of hard to say, but  and regulatory relief. And maybe specifically on the payment deferrals, if you have a percentage amount of your loans that are in deferrals currently, and how you think those pan out maybe 90 or 180 days down the line, if those do become TDRs down the line? And then with the main street lending program in particular, how might that impact your syndicated loan book and those people's ability to kind of borrow additional funds, if its not refinanced yet?
John Turner: So maybe I'll work backwards. I think there's a lot of interest in the main street lending program. We have a team working on better understanding the guidelines and how it will apply. I don't know that we have a real good feel yet for how many customers will ultimately be interested and how that might affect our customer base, but clearly one of a number of programs that the government and/or Congress have made available to customers that will be helpful over time. I cant remember the first part of your question now.
David Turner: Payment deferrals.
John Turner: Payment deferrals. So with our business customers and we've now granted about 4,000 deferrals, 3000 small businesses, about a 1,000 middle market customers. So our approach there is to treat those customers on a case-by-case basis to evaluate the ongoing FC of their business. And if prior to the pandemic starting, they had a viable business and were  and doing well, or a good customer, then we'll typically grant them a deferral and in some instances that might be for up to six months, generally their 90-day deferrals interest only typically and then we revisit those at the end of that period. But that is specific to customers who were in good standing prior to the pandemic beginning and they clearly appear to have what we believe to be a viable business after the pandemic, whenever that is. On the consumer side, we're generally offering deferrals for 90 days to customers. At the end of that 90-day period we revisit where we are and consider another 90-day deferral. The bank, as I mentioned, we've granted 4,000 deferrals in our balance sheet  own balance sheet mortgage book, another 12,000 deferrals for the portfolio  mortgage portfolio that we service for others and about 13,000 deferrals of other consumer credit, whether itd be credit cards, installment loans, home equity lines, et cetera, which is roughly a little less on the mortgage portfolio, a little less than $900 million which  and that's a $14.5 billion portfolio. So thatd give you some perspective.
Barb Godin: Yes. And this is Barb, just to give you some percentages based on what John said. On the mortgage portfolio for our own book, it's about 7.5% of our accounts have been deferred on the commercial corporate book at 6% and the consumer book is 2.2% just given a large number of consumers.
John Turner: And I think on our mortgage book Barb, half of the loans that have been deferred, the loan-to-value is less than 50%.
Barb Godin: That is correct.
John Turner: Yes.
Stephen Scouten: Great. Thanks for the color guys. Appreciate it.
John Turner: Hope that's helpful.
Operator: Your next question is from Bill Carcache of Nomura.
John Turner: Good morning.
Bill Carcache: Hi, good morning. My main question is on how much you think the payment protection program will really benefit credit performance on the consumer side of your business? I'm curious because, employees who are participating in PPP are getting those benefits in lieu of what would otherwise be unemployment insurance, which suggests I think that PPP may be understating the level of initial claims. Was curious to hear your thoughts on that. And since we know historically higher level of initial claims are associated with elevated consumer credit losses. And I just wonder whether you had any perspective on whether the payment behavior of employees participating in PPP would help you guys minimize credit losses on the consumer side of your business?
John Turner: Yes, it's completely anecdotal. As I talk to customers, some have furloughed employees that they intend to bring back if they get funding under the PPP program and so those employees likely went and applied for unemployment and  but may get an opportunity to come back at some point. And, and so you have that subset versus the group that have been maintaining their workforce in an ongoing basis and are hopeful to get PPP funding in order to continue to employ those teams. The funding is typically for about an eight-week period and so I think and as we look at the program, we think it is very helpful in the short run. There is a tremendous amount of interest in a program, way more interest in need for funding than has been appropriated today. We're very hopeful that Congress will appropriate some more money to help small business. I would say that in the short run, I do think that it will have a positive impact both on consumers, small businesses, and as a result corresponding credit that we have, but I don't think it's a solution three or four months from now if they're not  it's not other funding that comes behind it in some way, shape or form.
Bill Carcache: That's super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Christopher Marinac of Janney Montgomery.
John Turner: Good morning.
Christopher Marinac: Thanks. Hey, I'll just wanted to ask about the CECL forecast period, if Barb can walk us through that. Does that work against you with the new numbers on unemployment or was that already factored at the end of March?
Barb Godin: Yes. For CECL, we already  we did the nine-quarter losses; we have a two-year reversion period. So we looked at nine quarters as compared to CCAR, which is nine quarters, so it's not a lot different. And really what we did, and I can quickly talk about that as we looked at several different internally developed economic forecast that we did as well as industry stress level analysis that are included, the Moody's critical pandemics that came out recently. And then both of those looking at those gave us a range of potential losses due to what's going to happen in COVID. And then we took those outlook, which included again both acute economic stress in the immediate term as well as in a general recession type outlook. And our analysis reflected the key economic variables to our models for our base forecast as well as an abrupt recession and typical recession, et cetera. So again, a lot of different input to help inform us for a potential range of future charge-offs. And then we performed specific stresses on sectors we believe would be most impacted. So as an example, I mean these are included but not limited to energy, restaurant, hotels, manufacturing, retail trade. And again, came up with what we felt was our best numbers; this was the 250 overcharge-off. By the way, this is the same process I just walked you through that we rely on when we're doing our CCAR and doing our capital planning, which is why we feel good about the process given we've been doing capital planning now for years and years, have a very strong, very solid process there and this incorporates what we're seeing here coming out of CECL  coming out of what's happening with the COVID environment.
Christopher Marinac: Great. Thank you, Barbara and Thank you, John.
John Turner: Thank you. Okay, that's the last question we have. Well, thank you all for your interest. These are very unusual times. We're awfully proud of the work that our team is doing to take care of our customers and to focus on their own health and safety. Hope you all will do as well and appreciate your interest in our company. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants' phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Shelby. Welcome to Regions' fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call. John Turner will provide highlights of our financial performance and David Turner, will take you through an overview of the quarter. Earnings related documents, including forward-looking statements, are available under the Investor Relations section of our Web site. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments, as well as the Q&A segment of today's call. With that, I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana. And thank you all for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying that we're pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results. This morning we reported strong full year earnings from continuing operations of $1.5 billion, resulting in a 10% year-over-year increase in diluted earnings per share. This year we also delivered the highest level of pre-tax pre-provision income in over a decade, while generating 4% positive operating leverage on a reported basis and 2% on an adjusted basis. Despite lower interest rates and significant market volatility, 2019 was a solid year and I'm proud of all that we accomplished. We continue to make progress on our goal of generating consistent, sustainable, long term performance through all phases of the economic cycle. Although market uncertainty continues, the economy is still growing. Our customers are optimistic about their businesses and consumer confidence remains healthy. We're also encouraged by progress made on the trade front. However, we will continue to monitor geopolitical tensions and the uncertainty they introduce. As we begin the New Year, we have solid momentum and feel good about how we're positioned. We have a comprehensive hedging strategy in place to protect net interest income, so we don't have to stretch for loan growth. Our core businesses continue to produce good results, generating growth in consumer checking accounts and households, credit cards and wealth assets under management. We're very pleased with the performance of our priority markets, and investments in our businesses continue to pay off. We have a robust credit-risk management framework. And while asset quality continues to normalize, overall, it remains pretty benign. And finally, although, we've made significant progress through simplify and grow we're only one-third complete with our current list of identified initiatives. There are lot of process improvements and revenue-generating opportunities left. We continue to leverage digital across our omni-channel platform to better meet customer needs and improve efficiency and effectiveness. A few quick examples. Full year checking account and credit card production increased 17% and 65% respectively. Loan applications increased 54% and in mortgage, approximately 60% of all applications are completed online. Mobile deposits increased 52% and now represent 13% of all deposits. As we look forward, we're focused on the things we can control, meet the needs of our customers with best-in-class service while leveraging technology and making banking easier for our associates and customers. We will continue to focus on the fundamentals of our business, generating positive operating leverage through disciplined expense management and prudent investment decisions, our priority center on soundness, profitability and growth in that order. Thank you for your time and attention, this morning. Before I turn the call over to David, I want to thank the 19,000 plus associates here at Regions for their commitment and dedication throughout 2019. Because of this team, I'm confident about 2020 and feel good about our plans, which support delivering consistent, sustainable results through all phases of the economic cycle. Dave?
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with balance sheet. Adjusted average total loans decreased less than 1%, while ending loans increased modestly. Adjusted average consumer loans increased 1%, led by increases in indirect to other, credit card and mortgage, partially offset by declines in home equity. Average business loans decreased 1% and were impacted by our continued focus on client selectivity and overall relationship profitability, as well as lower line utilization and elevated pay down activity during the quarter. We continue to focus on risk-adjusted returns and are not interested in pursuing nominal loan growth for short-term benefit. That said we expect full year 2020 average loan balances to remain relatively stable on a reported basis and to grow in the low single-digit on an adjusted basis. Similar to 2019, we expect 2020 loan growth to be led by business services lending specifically C&I loan with modest growth in owner-occupied commercial real estate and investor real estate. Within consumer lending, we expect growth in residential mortgage, indirect to other, card and direct lending. Turning to average deposits. Reflecting seasonal trends, average corporate segment deposits increased 4%. Average wealth segment deposits increased 1%, while average consumer segment deposits remained relatively stable. Of note, total non-interest bearing deposit grew 1.5% during the quarter. Deposit growth in the business segments was partially offset by 51% decline in other segment deposits due primarily to reductions within wholesale corporate treasury deposit categories, reflective of a lower need for wholesale borrowings. So let's look at how this impacted net interest income and margin. Net interest income declined 2% linked quarter and net interest margin declined 5 basis points to 3.39%. Net interest margin and net interest income are negatively impacted by lower market interest rates. However, this was partially offset by declining deposit costs and a more favorable funding mix. Lower loan balances reduced net interest income but benefited net interest margin. With respect to funding, we completed a cash tender offer during the quarter for approximately two thirds of our outstanding 3.2% parent company senior notes incurring $16 million in extinguishment costs. The estimated run rate benefit in 2020 is an increase to annual net interest income of approximately $15 million and a 1 to 2 basis point improvement in margin. As expected, total deposit cost declined 8 basis points compared to the prior quarter to 41 basis points and interest bearing deposit costs declined 13 basis points to 64 basis points. The associated deposit beta was 28% this quarter. Regions continue to deliver industry leading performance in this space, exhibiting the strength of our deposit franchise. Assuming a stable rate environment, we expect modest reductions in deposit costs moving forward. Now that the majority of our forward starting hedges have begun, our balance sheet is largely insulated from movement in short term rates, and additional hedging and securities repositioning have reduced roughly half of our sensitivity to longer term rates. $4.5 million of forward starting hedges were added during the quarter, aimed at locking in a portion of 2020 fixed rate originations. Looking ahead, during the first quarter, we expect the margins to expand in the low 340s as the benefits of our hedging strategy begin. Now let's take a look at fee revenue and expenses. Adjusted non-interest income increased 1% compared to the third quarter, led by growth in capital markets, wealth management and service charges. Capital markets experienced a record quarter, driven by growth across most categories; notably, M&A advisory, loan syndication and fees generated from the placement of permanent financing for real estate customers. Commercial swap income also benefited from favorable CVA adjustments during the quarter. Although mortgage income decreased compared to the prior quarter, results remain strong despite seasonally lower production, as well as less favorable hedging and valuation adjustments on mortgage servicing rights. For the full year, mortgage was a significant contributor to non-interest income growth, increasing 19%. Other non-interest income declined this quarter, driven primarily by product valuation adjustments to certain equity investments in the prior quarter that did not repeat at the same level. Let's move on to the non-interest expense. Adjusted non-interest expenses remained well controlled, increasing slightly compared to the prior quarter, driven primarily by higher salaries and benefits, marketing and professional fees. Salaries and benefits increased modestly, driven by higher production based incentives. The increase in marketing expense was driven primarily by additional campaigns targeting priority markets, while professional fees reflected the timing of legal and consulting costs. The Company's fourth quarter adjusted efficiency ratio was 58.1%, and the effective tax rate was 20.3%. As John mentioned, we continue to benefit from our continuous improvement process as we are only one-third complete with our current list of identified initiatives, several of which are exceeding our initial expectations. For example, at Investor Day, we committed to reducing our total square footage by 2.1 million square feet and our third-party spin by $60 million to $65 million by 2021. We also disclosed plans to consolidate 100 branches during that same period. Based on the progress we made in 2019, we are on track to exceed our targets related to square footage and third-party spend reductions, as well as branch consolidations. We're now targeting third-party spin reductions in the $80 million to $85 million range and we will continue to look for opportunities to pull forward or expand on initiatives where we can. For 2020, we recognize revenue growth will be challenging. However, we remain committed to achieving full year adjusted positive operating leverage. While our hedging strategy helps mitigate the risk from lower rates, full year growth and net interest income will be difficult. We have good momentum in growing non-interest revenue, which we expect to continue. So while total revenue growth may be modest, we will continue to lean into expenses and the opportunities identified through simplifying growth; all the while continuing to make prudent investments to drive revenue growth. We'll again spin approximately $625 million on technology in 2020. We expect to open approximately 20 new branches and we will continue to hire talented bankers across our businesses. With respect to the effective tax rate, we expect the full year 2020 range to be 20% to 22%. So let's shift to asset quality. Overall, credit results remained in line with our risk expectations during the quarter. We saw improvement in several categories while experiencing some normalization in others. Net charge-offs were 46 basis points for the quarter and 43 basis points for the year, in line with our expected range of 40 basis points to 50 basis points for 2019. Provision equal net charge-offs, resulting in allowance equal to 1.05% of total loans and 171% of total non-approval loans. Non-performing loans increased 10%, primarily attributable to a single credit within the waste management industry, which we expect will be resolved over the next several quarters. Delinquencies and troubled debt restructured loans remain stable quarter-over-quarter, while business services' criticized loans decreased 3%. For 2020, we expect full year net charge-offs between 45 basis points and 55 basis points. Let me comment briefly on CECL. We continue to finalize our day-one impact assumptions and expect the impact to be in the $500 million to $530 million range. So let's take a look at capital and liquidity. During the quarter the Company repurchased 7.8 million shares of common stock for $132 million and declared $149 million in common dividends. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 9.6%, in-line with our target level of 9.5%. The loan deposit ratio at the end of the fourth quarter was 85%. The next slide reflects 2019 performance against our targets. And we've also provided you with a summary of full year 2020 expectations. Wrapping things up, in light of the challenging and changing economic backdrop, we are pleased with our fourth quarter and full year financial results. We have a solid strategic plan, designed to deliver consistent and sustainable performance throughout any economic cycle. With that, we're happy to take your questions. But do ask that each caller ask only one question to allow for more callers. We'll open line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: So we hear you loud and clear, and I think your investors appreciate your continued discipline in loan underwriting. I think you alluded to, in previous calls, potential wholesale consumer strategies to offset some of the GreenSky runoff. I mean I know you listed the categories, David, during your prepared remarks. But maybe dive a little bit into detail about some of the consumer strategy? And could there be a potential wholesale strategy? And again, I'm not asking if you're buying a depository in terms of obtaining portfolios or accelerating partnerships to deploy your loan to deposit ratio of 85%?
David Turner: So as we mentioned in the prepared comments, the growth will -- we should experience actually be more in the business services side. On the consumer side, we're going to continue to have our runoff of our indirect auto portfolio that will put pressure on total balances. We have made some shift in terms of our indirect to other consumer you saw that in the fourth quarter. That'll continue somewhat in the first part of the year, and then we kind of get to our concentration limit after the first quarter or so. So you shouldn't see that continue to grow at the same pace that you saw it in the fourth quarter throughout the year. We are going to continue to grow residential mortgage. We are going to continue to grow our credit card book some as well, those will be the big drivers of consumer. But net-net, total consumer will be relatively stable if you carve out the runoff portfolio. So the growth that we're trying to send the message really is going to come in primarily in the C&I area.
John Turner: But Erika, I would say, we are actively observing what's going on in the market, looking for opportunities. We're evaluating different opportunities that may come along. Clearly, we shifted our exposure from the GreenSky relationship to increasing our exposure through SoFi that is largely result the fact that SoFi as originating loans directly to consumers versus indirectly, which was GreenSky model, we like that better. We're learning more about SoFi and the portfolio that we have. And I think you can expect us to continue explore ways, other ways to grow consumer loans over the next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
Jennifer Demba: You raised your net charge-off guidance slightly for 2020 versus '19. Just wondering kind of what's driving that? Is it more conservatism? Or are you seeing some underlying weakness in any service portfolios? Thanks.
David Turner: Jennifer, this is David. So we had 40 to 50 basis points last year. We've raised it slightly 45 to 55, acknowledging couple of different things. One, if you look at last couple of quarters, we're at 44 and 46. We also see some normalization of credit, especially on the consumer side. We also, as Erika just mentioned, some shift in terms of consumer lending into other higher loss categories. We feel good about that, because we're getting paid for the risk that we take. But if you're just looking at the charge off number in isolation, it will be up perhaps slightly. So we didn't think that -- that's really not signalling any broad deterioration in credit whatsoever.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: I was wondering if you can follow up the CECL discussion and help us understand how you're starting to think about the day two impacts, especially given some of the moving parts of your ins and outs on the consumer portfolio side in your already high 1.7-ish looks like pro forma reserve to loans ratio. But do you think you'll have to meaningfully build as you go forward and how do you start to help us understand that? Thank you.
David Turner: Yes, I think the best way -- so when you see what everybody else comes up within CECL clearly, the type of lending that you have your portfolio mix makes a big difference. Consumer long-dated assets, duration assets have a much higher CECL reserve to that. As you think about CECL for day two, the first thing you ought to think about is what's the charge off expectations and Jennifer just brought that up from that, then you look at loan growth. What we told you was, on an absolute basis, our loans would be flat on an adjusted basis, they would be up a bit, so not a lot of change there. Then you have to think through the mix, what are you growing versus what's running off. And so we'll give you some better clarity on that at a later day. So we don't see a big change in CECL this particular year, because we don't currently forecast a change in the economic outlook. And that's something that all of us need to be aware of is when you forecast the change in economic outlook, they can cause a little bit of volatility in provisioning. So those are really the key pieces that I think you should consider as you try to model the provision for next year.
Operator: The next question is from Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: You guys had a good year on the core fee income growth that's up just about 6%. Do you think mid single digit growth is going to be sustainable in 2020? And just if you could talk about some of the businesses where you see some of the better growth?
David Turner: Yes. So Peter, we were very pleased with our growth in the year for non-interest revenue, in particular in the fourth quarter. If you take our top three categories, those were really driven by continued growth in customers. So growing customer checking accounts, growing operating accounts, growing customers from the wealth standpoint, those were critically important to us and we feel good about that. We've hired additional personnel during 2019. It will help us to continue to grow customer accounts. As you look at mortgage, mortgage had a really good year this year. It will be hard to repeat that for all of 2020, but mortgage will be a big contributor to non-interest revenue and we feel good about where we are there. Capital markets had a really strong fourth quarter. We've mentioned to you before that that business has been about $45 million to $55 million revenue per quarter business. We think that that number is really in the kind of $50 million to $60 million business for us now. So we think relative to 2019, capital markets should have some nice growth. It got off to a pretty slow start in '19. We think it's going to get out to nice start in '20 based on the backlog of business that we see. So when you add that all up, we have pretty good confidence that we're going to have nice growth in non-interest revenue. And frankly, that is one of the key drivers of why we're committed to, and believe we will generate positive operating leverage in a challenging rate environment for 2020.
Peter Winter: And just one quick follow-up. You guys have done also a good job in controlling the deposit costs with higher rates, and we've seen deposit costs coming down already with the cut in rates. So I'm just wondering of total deposit costs of 41 basis points, is there much room left to lower deposit cost?
David Turner: Out beta for this past quarter was about 28%, that's a little lower than our cumulative beta. And our cumulative beta is about 27% this down cycle. And that's slightly below what saw in the upgrade cycle. And as a result of that, we think there's -- if we stay flat here and there's no movement, which we don't expect much movement from the Fed, we would continue to have deposit costs come down some more, probably not at the rate that you've seen. But I think there is incremental continued benefit there. And again, that's part of our margin guidance that we've given you too that we think the margin can expand along with the hedging program that we have that margin would expand a bit in 2020.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Conour: I know there're some kind of drags to loan growth in, call it the near-term here, and I think the de-risking you guys have been very consistent and it's been well received. I guess my question is like, if we look more medium-term and think about the type of loan growth that you should have, the type of deposit growth that you should have considering the market, like what's reasonable levels, again beyond 2020 just thinking? And the reason I am asking is I just -- I feel like the balance sheet growth has been less than most of us will expect given your economies, given your markets. But I'm also appreciative of the de-risking and call it the focus on the profitability, which has helped them free up some capital. But maybe talk about the medium term outlook for those two areas. Thank you.
David Turner: So Matt, we have been extremely deliberate in allocating capital to those relationships to give us a appropriate risk adjusted return, because at the end of the day that's what we think really is what our investors want us to do with the capital, not just to grow but to grow appropriately, to grow with the right return. And just an example, this year we recycled $2 billion worth of credit out of our Corporate Banking Group that we could have had. We could add an additional $2 billion for the loan growth. It has been a suboptimal return. These are customers that we seek to sell and offer more of our banking services. So we had a full relationship with great returns. And when we can't get back, when it comes up for renewal, we let it go. And so we're going to stick to that. Now that being said, as you think about loan growth for us for the short and long term, is we should be GDP plus a little bit. Our expectation for GDP this coming year is of slightly under 2%, as a matter of fact, its 1.8 in our estimate. So we have low single digits loan growth expectations for, on an adjusted basis, for 2020. And it's because if we try to push too hard past GDP, we think you make a bad credit decision. So we're going to be incredibly disciplined. We realized we need to grow. We're all about that, growing earnings, growing revenue and return. And so it's all of the delicate balance and how we do that appropriately.
Matt O'Connor: And just any guess on, relative to kind of industry growth or GDP growth, as you think about medium term kinds of loan to deposit growth rates?
John Turner: Well, I'd say that we said consistently that we and David reiterated this that we want to grow with the economy plus a little, recognizing that while the markets we're in are good growth markets. They're also markets that historically have demonstrated a fair amount of volatility. And so it's important to us that we stay disciplined, as David said, focused on appropriate allocation of capital and we think growing with the economy plus a little is the right place for us medium term and longer term.
Operator: Your next question is from Gerard Cassidy at RBC.
John Turner: Good morning Gerard. Gerard you might be on mute. Okay, why don't we go to the next question, we lost Gerard.
Operator: Your next question is for Saul Martinez of UBS.
Saul Martinez: I guess a follow-up question on CECL. As Ken mentioned, your ACL ratio moves up with your day-one impact of over 1.7%, which seems pretty high given the risk profile of your loan book and the composition of your loan book. The only banks who -- very few banks who have given day-one impacts are above that level unless they have much more consumer oriented exposure. And I know a lot of things go into it. I know you have more term loans in your C&I book, for example.  for example. But I mean, I guess how conservative do you think that estimate is? And if I look forward to the day two impact and you think about what you said, David, on mix it would seem -- how do I think about the loss content of what's coming on your books versus what's getting paid off? Because it would seem, given your de-risking that that 1.7 reserve ratio could trend lower going forward? Or is that too aggressive of a comment or an expectation?
David Turner: Well, yes, a few questions to that. Let me see if I can break it down. So the 170 relative to others, you really -- the mix is hugely important. I suspect when we get to providing more granular disclosures by loan type and breaking that down so that you will have a better gauge as to what new production would cost and what benefits you might get for run off of loan portfolio. So we don't -- we tried to get this right. We've tightened up the range quite a bit 500 and 530. That's again to our 1.1% reserve today, which includes the reserve for unfunded commitments to 1.70. So I think that you're going to need some incremental disclosures to help you on a go forward basis, we'll be providing that to you at a later point. But we think the reserve that we have for CECL is pretty appropriate, and we didn't do anything to be overly conservative or otherwise. We just did what we thought the standard call for we're moving forward. We'll all learn a little bit from each other as we go through the year. And we'll be making decisions on how that might affect our business, and production, and pricing going forward.
Saul Martinez: And I guess just following up, like in terms of how you'd be thinking about provisions going forward. Should we be thinking that 1.7 lifetime ratio is sort of appropriate and we should be provisioning to maintain that level of reserve ratio going forward?
David Turner: Yes, I think for the time being as I was trying to get to that point earlier, is if you think about provisioning for 2020, the first thing you ought to think about is what's your charge-off expectations for us next year. Then what is the loan growth, net loan growth expectation for us next year. We've given you guidance that says our net loans will be flat. We'll grow on an adjusted basis but we have our run off of our vehicle portfolio that will be working against balances there. And then your third -- and so the third component would be what are you growing. The mix makes a difference and we'll give you some more granular data later to help you there. And then what's your expectation of the economic outlook from quarter-to-quarter. And that could be -- that could change. And we think the economy is going to be fairly stable this year, that's our going in thought, but that can change. And so those are the roughly four pieces that you need to have in terms of projecting CECL provisioning.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Regarding your expectation for positive operating leverage in 2020, can you help size up the magnitude or maybe give us just a little bit more color around it regarding the components. And then also why not provide more detailed outlook around '20? You previously have given full year expense growth and full year revenue targets. What's different about this year that you're not giving that?
David Turner: Well, let say if I can help you there. So let's take that big component. So NII, which is two-thirds of our revenue, it'd be very hard to grow that this year with the low single digit loan growth on adjusted basis that we have given you and that's just a mere rate play. The first half of '19, rates being up off the December '18 rate increase would be hard to replicate. And then for the other third of our revenue, NII, we've given you a little bit of guidance in terms of what you can model. We feel good about that growth. From an expense standpoint, we said we'd be very relatively stable, from an expense standpoint. And if you add all three of those up, we will generate positive operating leverage. So I think we've been reasonably explicit in terms of how do we get there being with the numbers from that standpoint.
John Pancari: And then just to confirm on what you just said that relatively stable expectation for 2020 expenses. Did that already factors in your IT investments and what you're doing on the core systems front?
David Turner: Absolutely
John Turner: Yes, I would underscore the point, John. That includes our continued investments in talent, in markets and in technology. We're not adjusting our budgets at all and we believe we can continue to deliver stable expenses year-over-year.
Operator: Your final question is from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: I'm going to ask the capital question, I know I always do on this call. But I did want to understand how you're thinking about capital utilization, not only in your base case assumption where you've got net loan growth flat in total but in an environment where things -- actually loan growth accelerates a little bit more. Maybe you could give us a sense as to -- do we just hold with this what I would consider little bit of excess capital, or is the pipeline of bolt-ons robust enough to use some of this? Or do we anticipate a little bit more buyback this year? Thanks.
David Turner: So it's always a good question on capital. Just to reiterate how we think about utilization of the capital we generated. So first off, we're getting close to our target we laid out 9.6% common equity Tier 1 today estimated on our current target of 9.5%. As we've mentioned before that has 50 basis points of the management buffer our quantitative calculations that would lead us to believe we need about 9% common equity Tier 1. As we think about, first and foremost, our capital is there for us to grow appropriately, organically, in particular. And so we have low single digit loan growth expectations and you can do some quick math and see we'll use a little bit of capital from that standpoint. We've targeted that 35% to 45% of our earnings to go and be paid to our shareholders in the form of a dividend, so you have that piece. We have from time-to-time done some bolt-on acquisitions, those use capital than been today have done, but it's certainly something. If we see opportunity, John just talked about we look at different things from time-to-time. And if we can deploy that capital in a meaningful manner that helps us grow our long term business, we'll do so. And then frankly, the last thing we do is share repurchases. We are crazy about doing share repurchases but we also don't want to continue to have excess capital. So if we can't deploy it in a meaningful manner through organic loan growth, bolt-on acquisitions then we'll give that back to the shareholder in the form of share repurchases like we've done this past several years. So I think those are the pieces that you need to have.
Betsy Graseck: Is there anything on the bolt-on front, I mean, you had a nice pace over the past year or so, and I know you mentioned the fee outlook several times. So is the fee outlook with the current footprint that you have, or does the fee outlook -- could the fee outlook be enhanced by incremental acquisitions, if you could speak a little bit to that?
John Turner: I mean, we continue to look at opportunities, whether it'd be investments in capital markets capabilities, wealth management, buying more servicing rights, not a great time to do that today, but we're still looking. There are other capabilities, potentially that we have some interest and we look at loan portfolios from time-to-time. And those are things that we'll continue to do, as we think about how we invest in the excess capital we have in other parts of our business that will help us grow over time.
Operator: And your next question is for Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys share with us, you've done a really good job over the last three years or so on being very conservative in your underwriting standards. And of course, that's resulted in more modest loan growth than some of your peers. And I'm not asking you to comment on your peers' underwriting standards, but can you just give us some color in commercial C&I that is in commercial real estate. What kind of underwriting are you guys seeing that you're just not comfortable with that may be some of your peers are?
John Turner: I'll ask Ronnie Smith, who has our corporate banking group to respond, Gerard.
Ronnie Smith: You know and you may have heard this earlier, but we are really focused back in on the relationship side of things, Gerard, simply because we believe that when you have a broad and a deep relationship, you become more meaningful to that client and it gives you the ability to weather through whatever storms might be out there when you are meaningful to them, have the opportunity to get in early. And really client selectivity on the front side is so important. But understanding the complete flow of business that they have the complete demand that they have for banking services is really where we try to be focused. And I would also say that we look historically at how well companies have gone through the cycles, really strongly leaned into the management, their capability, how they performed through the last cycle and of course use the standard underwritings that I won't go into the details around that today. But those are the high level pieces of how we try to look at the risk that we take on when we go through client selectivity.
John Turner: The only thing I would add to that is that specifically to your question, I think what I most consistently hear from bankers is loan to value. So our willingness to provide as much capital as a customer may want -- it tends to be the differentiator. As an example, we may want to own 60% loan to value on our project than the customers can get 65% or 70% from someone else. So that's a function of variety of factors but it tends to be the most significant differentiator is in today's marketplace.
Dana Nolan: Gerard, I would also add that we stay very, very close to our customers. Our people in the field do an excellent job of that and we are touching basis with them sometimes on a weekly basis, but often monthly, certainly quarterly, and making sure that if there is any early warning signs of any risks that are there that we're on top of it early. Because as you know, if you want to get on top of a problem early, you've got a lot more solutions you can give and then you have to wait until there's nothing left to do but to exit the relationship.
Gerard Cassidy: And then just as a follow-up question. Obviously, you are one of the so called extended cycle banks, so you will be going through a full CCAR this year. David, are you expecting any differences between this year and what you did last year? Last year, obviously, you didn't go through it being in an extended cycle bank. Should we expect any kind of differences?
David Turner: Yes, Gerard, we kind of go through stress test all time internally, it's just this is one that we have to fill out form and go through the review process with our regulatory supervisors. And we are awaiting the instructions for that and we're looking to see if there are any changes. There's an article I think this morning or yesterday, I can't remember in the banker, regarding expectations for some changes in CCGR for this year. Things like if you are in stress, do you have to continue with anticipated share repurchases at the same pace in a stress environment. I mean, that's something we would not do. So we are hoping that gets changed in the rules, or would we continue to grow the portfolio at the same pace that we are now if we're in the stressed environment. So those are the two pretty big and important things that we're hoping might get changed in the rules. But other than that, understanding what losses are, I mean, this is a good exercise for the industry for us individually and for our regulatory supervisors. And so, we are ready to go and we will be submitting that plan in first part of April.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to John Turner for closing remarks.
John Turner: So I'll close by again thanking our 19,000 plus associates for all their efforts in 2019 on behalf of our customers. And thank you all who participated in the call today for the interest in our company. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your operator for today's call [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Shelby. Welcome to Regions' third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. John Turner will provide highlights of our financial performance and David Turner, will take you through an overview of the quarter. Earnings related documents, including forward-looking statements, are available under the Investor Relations section of our Web site. These disclosures cover our presentation materials, prepared comments, as well as the Q&A segment of today's call. With that, I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana. And thank you all for joining our call today. This morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $385 million, a 9% increase over the third quarter of last year, resulting in earnings per share of $0.39, an increase of 22% over the prior-year. This quarter, we also delivered the highest pre-tax pre-provision income that we produced in nearly a decade, while generating 3% adjusted positive operating leverage year-to-date. All-in-all, despite lower interest rates and significant market volatility, it was a very solid quarter. Over the last two years, our core messaging has reflected our intention to generate consistent and sustainable long-term performance through all phases of the economic cycle. We've been planning for the time when we would no longer benefit from a rising rate environment, and when credit would begin to normalize. Since late 2017, we began taking incremental actions to reduce our interest rate risk, build a stronger and more resilient balance sheet and improve returns on capital. We executed a robust hedging strategy that will protect us in a declining rate environment, and allows us to maintain a healthy and stable margin without having to stretch for loan growth. With respect to credit, our team has spent the better part of the last 10 years fundamentally changing and improving our credit risk management framework. Today, we have a robust and dynamic process, sitting on appropriate concentration risk, sound underwriting, rigorous client servicing and early identification of potential problems. We've also intensified our focus on risk adjusted returns and appropriate capital allocation, balance sheet optimization, derisking, and repositioning. Just as important we launched our continuous improvement initiative called, Simplify and Grow, focusing on our desire to make banking easier for our customers and associates, accelerating revenue growth and driving efficiency and effectiveness. We've already benefited significantly from these efforts and we have much more to do. We have completed 16 of 67 initiatives, and expect to complete seven more by year-end. These efforts have allowed us to make significant investments in technology to better serve our customers and we're seeing the benefits of those investments. For example, through our digital platform, year-to-date checking and credit card production have increased 24% and 91%, respectively. Loan applications have increased 55% and with mortgage in particular approximately 60% of all applications are completed online. Mobile deposits have increased 60%, now represent 13% of all deposits. These efforts are paying off and positively impacting the performance of our businesses. Simplify and Grow has allowed us to make investments in talent, improve services and capabilities and in our markets, all while prudently managing our expense base, and these investments are also paying off. We continue to grow consumer checking accounts and households, as well as wealth assets under management. We're also succeeding in our priority growth markets, Atlanta, Houston, Orlando and St. Louis. Consumer deposits and checking accounts in these markets are growing more than two times faster than the consumer bank average. Similarly, Corporate Bank revenue and loans are growing faster than the Corporate Bank average. Although, it's relatively early, we are very pleased with the performance of these markets as we are delivering results above our expectations. With respect to the economy, our customers are still generally optimistic about their businesses. But they are becoming more cautious, given continued market volatility and uncertainty regarding trade and tariffs. Many are taking a wait and see approach when it comes to business investments. However, pipelines remain steady, good, but not great. So in summary, we have a lot of positive momentum and feel good about how we're positioned. Our plan is to remain focused on the things we can control; meeting the needs of our customers with best-in-class service, while leveraging technology and making it easier for our customers to bank with us. We're also focused on the fundamentals of our business; generating positive operating leverage through disciplined expense management, while making prudent investment decisions. We're focused on soundness, profitability and growth and that order of priority. We believe our efforts will keep the company positioned to deliver consistent, sustainable results through every economic cycle. Thank you for your time and attention this morning. I will now turn the call over to David.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Let's start with the balance sheet. Adjusted average total loans decreased approximately 1%. Adjusted average consumer loans increased modestly, led by residential mortgage and indirect other consumer lending. Adjusted average business loans decreased 1% and were impacted by our continued focus on client selectivity and overall relationship profitability. Average business loans also reflected  Average business loans also reflected lower line utilization and elevated paydown activity during the quarter, including increased capital markets activities. We continue to focus on risk-adjusted returns and are not interested in pursuing nominal loan growth for short-term benefit. And as John noted, due in part to our hedging program, we are not pressured to stretch for growth. With that said, we continue to expect full-year adjusted average loan growth in the low to mid single-digits. Turning to average deposits. Despite interest rate decreases on deposits and seasonal declines in public fund accounts, average deposits decreased less than 1% during the quarter, exhibiting the strength of our deposit franchise. So let's look at how this impacted net interest income and margin. Despite lower rates, net interest income was down just slightly compared to the second quarter and net interest margin declined only 1 basis point to 3.44%. Net interest margin and net interest income were negatively impacted by lower market interest rates and lower average loan balances, partially offset by declining deposit costs and the benefits of repositioning strategies in the investment portfolio that were executed in the second quarter. Net interest income also benefited from one additional day in the quarter, which negatively impacted net interest margin. As expected, total deposit cost declined 4 basis points compared to the second quarter to 49 basis points and interest-bearing deposit cost declined 5 basis points to 77 basis points, one of the lowest in the industry. The deposit beta associated with declining interest rates was 25% this quarter, and we expect to experience a deposit beta in the 25% to 30% range in the fourth quarter. In an effort to reduce net interest income sensitivity to long-term rates, we repositioned out of approximately $1.2 billion of mortgage-backed securities into prepayment protected securities this quarter. These reallocations reduced our exposure to mortgage-backed securities by approximately 7% and our related book premium by approximately 8%. We're also exploring additional opportunities to further reduce sensitivity to long-term rates. In fact, we added additional hedges subsequent to quarter-end that are intended to reduce the impact of lower long-term rates on 2020 loan originations. Assuming two 25 basis point reductions in the Fed funds rate by year-end, we expect some near-term pressure on net interest income and net interest margin in the fourth quarter, which we can partially mitigate through reductions in deposit costs. Net interest margin is expected to move in the high 330s in the fourth quarter. However, we expect the first quarter margin to expand into the low 340s, as the benefits of our hedging strategy began. Now let's take a look at fee revenue and expenses. We delivered strong results this quarter with adjusted non-interest income increasing 9% compared to the second quarter, led by growth in service charges, wealth management and mortgage, as well as favorable market value adjustments on employee benefit assets. The increase in wealth management income includes a modest benefit from the recent acquisition of an institutional investment firm, Highland Associates. Total mortgage income increased significantly, driven primarily by increasing hedging and valuation adjustments on residential mortgage servicing rights. Additionally, mortgage production and sales income also increased, consistent with elevated production, highlighting the benefit of our strategic focus and our decision to add mortgage loan originators earlier in the year. Partially offsetting these increases were declines in capital markets income and card and ATM fees. The declining capital markets income was attributable primarily to decreases in M&A advisory services and loan syndication revenue. Customer swap income was also negatively impacted by CVA adjustments during the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect capital markets to finish this year on a strong note with fourth quarter revenue exceeding this quarter's reported results. The decline in card and ATM fees reflected the impact of favorable commercial interchange rebate adjustments recorded in the prior quarter that did not repeat. We continue to expect full year adjusted revenue growth of approximately 2%. Let's move on to non-interest expense. Adjusted non-interest expense increased less than 1% compared to the prior quarter, driven primarily by higher salaries and benefits, partially offset by decreases in professional fees and outside services. The increase in salaries and benefits was driven primarily by an increase in the market value on employee benefit assets, as well as higher production-based incentives, one additional weekday in the quarter and the addition of Highland Associates. These increases were partially offset by continued overall staffing reductions. The decreases in professional fees and outside services were primarily due to lower legal costs, and our continued success in reducing overall third-party spends. The company's third quarter adjusted efficiency ratio decreased 90 basis points to 57.4%, and the effective tax rate was approximately 20.6%. As John mentioned, we continue to benefit from our continuous improvement process, and several Simplify and Grow initiatives are exceeding our initial expectations. For example, at Investor Day, we committed to reducing our total square footage by 2.1 million square feet and our third-party spend by $60 million to $65 million by 2021. We also told you we plan to consolidate 100 branches during the same period. We are proud to say that we are on track to exceed our targets in each of these areas, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to pull forward or expand on initiatives where we can. These efforts exhibit our commitment to achieving positive operating leverage. Based on our results through the first nine months and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we expect full year 2019 adjusted expenses to be relatively stable with 2018. With respect to our effective tax rate, we tightened full year 2019 range to 20% to 21%. So let's shift to asset quality. Overall, credit results remained in line with our risk expectations during the quarter. We saw improvement in several categories, while experiencing some normalization in others. Net charge-offs were unchanged at 44 basis points, in line with our expected range of 40 basis points to 50 basis points for 2019. The allowance for loan losses amounted to 1.05% of total loans, and 188% of total non-accrual loans. Non-performing loans decreased 13%, while delinquencies and total troubled debt restructured loans decreased 4% and 7%, respectively. Business services criticized loans increased 9%, driven primarily by increases in classified loans, partially offset by reductions in non-accrual and special mention loans. The largest increases to classified loans were attributable to energy, retail trade and manufacturing sectors. As a reminder, our third quarter credit metrics also include the results of most recently completed Shared National Credit exam. Provision exceeded net charge-offs during the quarter, primarily due to these downgrades as we've begun to see some stress within the energy and tariff-related sectors. However, potential losses associated with these credits are expected to be modest and within our expectations. Moreover, we anticipate several will cure in full over the next few quarters. Let me comment briefly on the CECL. In our second quarter 10-Q, we disclosed an expected increase in our allowance for credit losses of approximately $400 million to $600 million due to the implementation of CECL. As we get closer to adoption, we expect subsequent disclosures to include a tighter range of impact and will reflect evolving macroeconomic conditions and forecast, as well as any appropriate updates to loan composition and quality. So let's take a look at capital and liquidity. During the quarter, the company repurchased 39.7 million shares of common stock for $589 million and declared $150 million in dividends. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio is estimated at 9.6%, in line with our target level of 9.5%. And we anticipate managing at this approximate level going forward. The loan deposit ratio at the end of the third quarter was 88%. And as of quarter end, we remain fully compliant with the liquidity coverage ratio rule. Wrapping things up, in light of the challenging and changing economic backdrop, we are pleased with our third quarter financial results. We have a solid strategic plan, designed to deliver consistent and sustainable performance throughout any economic cycle. With that, we're happy to take your questions. But do ask that each caller ask only one question to allow for more callers. We will open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs. 
Ryan Nash: So I wanted to ask a handful of questions. Maybe just first on deposit costs. So we saw them come down nicely on the high-end of peers 25% to 30% decline next quarter. I just wanted to double check to make sure that's based on September and the potential for an October. And I guess, you know, you're one of the only banks we saw a top quartile performance on the way up. And now you're outperforming on the way down. So could you maybe just talk about what you're seeing about across both consumer and commercial and if Fed is to cut in October beyond a couple of times next year, is there further room to bring down deposit costs?
David Turner: Yes, Ryan, this is David. So we've talked an awful lot about how to manage net interest income and margin in changing rate environments and deposit costs being a key input is important to manage both. So let me start with consumer. We've done a really good job of adjusting our deposit cost while staying competitive in the markets we are competing in. And that's been a big driver of our deposit cost declining. I think what you'll see going forward is probably more contribution coming from the commercial side they've done a pretty good job. A lot of those deposits are indexed, if you recall in the first quarter, we increased deposit cost because we had above average loan growth that we had to use deposits to fund that loan growth that's clearly subsided and we're looking at adjusting those deposit cost on the way down. So we have a beta of 25% to 30% that we are giving you guidance for and we think that will apply to the two rate -- potential rate cuts that we see for the remainder of the year.
Ryan Nash: And then if I could follow-up on expenses. I mean clearly the revenue environment has been challenging, you guys are doing a better job than others to defend the margin. David, you talked about completing 16 of 67 initiatives for Simplify and Grow and you're going have a handful more done before the end of the year, and you talked about upside some of the areas that the three big areas that you're saving on cost. So as you think ahead, you're clearly holding cost stable this year, but are there enough levers for you to continue to invest in things like technology and grow the business and continue to hold expenses flat beyond 2019? Thanks.
David Turner: So I won't comment quite on '20, yet. But the way we think about it is, we are continuing to make investments in talent, mortgage loan originators, commercial ORMs, wealth advisors. We've continued to make investments in technology, 42% of our $625 million is spent on new things that we need to have to continue to make banking easier for our customers. We have to do that and we will continue to do that. But in order to make room for that and control costs, we have to get better at literally everything we do. So John has asked all of us, all 20,000 people that work here, how do we get better at whatever we do tomorrow than we did yesterday, so that we can continue to make room for investments that we want to make. We have inflation in our expense base of about 2.5%. So we have to overcome that inflation plus the investments to be able to hold our cost relatively stable like we've done for the last couple of years. We will continue to seek to hold our cost down and we have a goal of efficiency to get to the 55% range, we mentioned that at Investor Day. We were 57.4% today, obviously it's very challenging in a low rate environment, but we are not giving up. We're going to continue to seek becoming more efficient as we go forward. So there is still room to control -- control cost into 2020.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: I was wondering if you could just talk about kind of big picture, how you think about balancing, protecting the profitability ratios versus growing the balance sheet, you've been keeping deposits relatively stable, it's helping NIM, you're obviously seeing good growth in service charges. So there's some puts and takes. But talk about the trade-off between the focus to protect the profitability. But then also thinking about trying to grow the balance sheet?
John Turner: Yes, I think it is a great question. It is very much a balance. We are focused on building a business that's going to be consistently performing, that's going to be resilient, it's going to be sustainable. And that means we've got to build a balance sheet that it is resilient through every economic cycle. We've clearly traded-off some growth for quality and we'll continue to do that, Matt. As we focus on, we think it's a period of time in the economic cycle, and we need to be thoughtful, careful, client selectivity is really important to us. Early identification of problems, exiting relationships that may become problematic, really important to our future. So we talk often about the importance of soundness first then profitability and growth last, we are not going to grow just to grow. We don't need nominal growth. We think the balance sheet is positioned to deliver consistent and sustainable performance and the profitability that we believe will adequately reward our shareholders and that will continue to be our focus.
David Turner: I'll add, Matt. We do expect to grow, as we said we would grow low to mid single-digits in terms of loans for the year. We were up about 4.8% year-to-date on an adjusted basis. And so what we're saying is, we do expect to grow. We're just not going to force growth on the balance sheet to generate nominal revenue and nominal income if the return gets harmed.
Matt O'Connor: And I guess just following up, I mean, you obviously had really nice loan growth in the first half of the year, a little bit of run-off this quarter and I think one of your other portfolios might start to run-off by end of the year. It's as you kind of put all it together in the comments that you made, what's kind of a more medium term outlook in terms of -- grow loans. And then also just comment on deposits as well. Thank you.
John Turner: Well, with respect to loan growth, I think what we've said is that we anticipate growing low single-digits typically with the economy, plus a little in the markets that we operate in. We think that that's appropriate if you look at year-over-year business services loan growth has been about 7.5%. We do have some run-off portfolios in consumer in particular. We've seen some declines in equity lending and indirect auto. We're capping our exposure to indirect unsecured lending, but we believe that our focus on continuing to build out the consumer business. At the same time, our commitment to business services lending particularly middle market commercial lending will drive an appropriate amount of loan growth and allow us to continue to grow the assets on the balance sheet. And with respect to deposits, we're focused on core relationships. And when you look at our consumer business, we believe that 93% plus of our customers maintain their primary operating account with us. We're continuing to grow consumer checking accounts at a rate we think faster than most of our peers, consumer demand deposits and consumer low-cost deposits growing over time. Similarly, with a focus on small to medium-sized businesses, winning their operating business, we think we can still continue to grow low-cost deposits, which is really the core of our business and the strength of our franchise.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: David, could you talk a little bit about the balance sheet protection, a little bit more. Just reading in the deck, you added a little bit more on the hedging side to impact of lower long-term rates. So you said the program is largely completed, I guess, can you just help us understand the math of the magnitude of the step-up that helps get the NIM up as you look from fourth to first and then how that will cascade on its own throughout the year. Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. So I'll start Ken with the end in mind. We talked about the -- going into next year, we think our margin could increase into the low to mid-3.40 range. We have a chart with regards to our sensitivity our short-term sensitivity is taken close to zero. By the beginning of the year through all the hedges that kick in and starting, little bit in the fourth quarter, but primarily the first part of the year. What we want to do is we have more exposure on the long-end than a lot of our peers. So we wanted to kind of neutralize that a bit. So we've entered into a couple of million dollar worth of hedges that would really be -- that kind of got tied in when the tenure was in the mid-low 170 range to help us from the long-end. And that's really manifests itself and reinvestment of cash flows that come off the business every month. So that's baked into the guidance that we're giving you. And we believe that we're not going to have a disproportionate correlation to the tenure relative to our peers after this.
Ken Usdin: And on the left side of the balance sheet, can you just discuss the MBS repositioning that you did and what premium was and how does this change that magnitude that you'd expect. Thanks, David.
David Turner: Yes. So premium amortization was relatively stable in the quarter about $28 million in the quarter. What we did is we took some low-yielding investment securities that we could sell, we took those, we repositioned those into longer, a little more duration, a little more carry to help us. Just again boost a little bit from an NII standpoint, but they were really lower yielding mortgage-backed securities that we sold and reinvested.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: So couple of questions. You know the background for the question just has to do with the longer-term outlook for ROTC which I know you put out at. I think it was like 15% to 18%, is that right at the Investor Day?
John Turner: Actually, 18% to 20%.
Betsy Graseck: Sorry 18% to 20%, yeah, 18% to 20%, sorry.
John Turner: Little different interest rate environment.
Betsy Graseck: So the question that I have is, how are you thinking about that, you know, when I'm looking at it, I'm hearing. Okay. You've got a lot more opportunity on the expense side and maybe that expense -- operating leverage improves as we go through the next couple of years. But then I'm also wondering about the capital side of the equation here and how you're thinking about that. I know you have your 9.5% target, but given the tailoring rule that came out and everything else that's been happening for banks in your sizes, 9.5% still the right number for you?
David Turner: Yes. So I'll start with your last question. We calculate the amount of capital we need to have based on our models. Not, it's not regulatory driven, and yes, we are encouraged by the tailoring relief that we have, but does not change one iota the amount of rigor that we put in the capital planning and management. We still have, every other year our CCAR submission. So for the time being, 9.5% was our target. We try to put that in our prepared comments to even though our math really says, we could get to 9%. We've added 50 basis points of cushion to enable us to take advantage of opportunities should they arise. As the market uncertainty and the economic conditions continue to decline a bit. As it relates, and the 9.5% was going to allow us to get to the kind of returns we think are appropriate given the circumstances that we're under. Now the 18% to 20% was, as John was saying in the middle of your question that we had, and that was very different interest rate environment, we all thought rates were going to go up this year and they're clearly are down and they are forecasted to be down through the period of time we have covered by that Investor Day. So getting to 18% to 20% would be very difficult to do without taking some unusual risk, which we will not do. So we're going to come out and we'll update the exact targets for you later, but clearly, there has been some decline in terms of return expectations. I think that's what's our -- the stock prices in our industry have reflected. But exactly, where those will be, we need to get a little better handle where we think rates will go. We have two baked in for this year, there's probably another one coming in '20 as well. So more to come, Betsy.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: I wondered if you could talk a little bit more on the investments you're making in IT. I believe, you're currently evaluating, replacing your core deposit system and -- so I wonder if you can give us some details around that in terms of what's the timeframe around that type of project, what's the cost impact that we should be considering here, could it impact next year's numbers. And then, and then is there other systems -- are you looking at the core system on the loan side as well as or just the deposit system issue. Thank you.
John Turner: We just had our strategic planning offsite meeting with our Board, spend a lot of time talking about the topic and so I ask John Owen to address it.
John Owen: Yes, just to go back to Investor Day, we spend about $625 million a year on technology, have about 1600 plus technology professionals at the bank and every year in our strategic annual planning process, we go through about a three year to five year view and find out and we'll talk about what systems need to be upgraded, consolidated or replaced. And each year, there's about 15 systems that we identify that will need to go out and either upgrade or replace. So this is just a normal case of business from a cause of business today. You mentioned some of the core systems around deposits. We are going to have an RFP that will go out in the first quarter for our deposit system. We will get those results back probably mid-year and we'll make a choice on what's the right platform for us. The timeframe for that, it's probably a three year to six year journey for this. What you'll find with us, when we do upgrades. We don't do very many big bang upgrades. This will be an incremental approach over a multi-year time period. So again this is a probably a four year to six year system exchange in this particular case. But I would tell you, we do about 15 of these a year, this would be a larger one, of course, but again, to go back to our wealth platform, we did SCI a couple of years ago. We consolidated 14 systems into one. We're fortunate to operate on one consumer platform and we're in the point of implementing and seeing now at this point in time. So what I would tell you, it is large. We are in the RFP process, but this is nothing that we don't do 15 to 17 of every year.
John Turner: In our analysis John, we indicate that we can complete the work within the context of our current technology spend. So we don't see any outsized sort of allocation to expense associated with any of the core system changes.
John Pancari: And then one, I apologize, this is little bit off the radar a little bit, this question. But on Friday, you issued in 8-K that you're -- you announced that you're expanding your change of control provisions to -- an additional component of the management team beyond the C-suite executives. Can you give us just a little bit of color, what that relates to and how common is it that you're modifying your change of control.
David Turner: Yes, thank you for the question. I guess, we really did two things to -- both were intended to standardize, you can imagine with the truest announcement, there's a lot of concern about what our future is what our intentions are, a lot of questions about what may happen going forward. It caused us to look at our change of control agreements and because the bank was the combination of a lot of banks over a long period of time, what we quickly concluded was we had a fair amount of inconsistency in our agreements both with respect to change of control and severance. And so we asked our Board to consider a change in the or modifications to both change of control and severance, to make them more consistent, so they apply to both an appropriate group and they applied similarly to that group. And so it simply was the housecleaning sort of initiative for us to get everything in order. No real, significant change for our shareholders or frankly for our associates. But it does create some consistency.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Given your outlook for continued low to mid-single-digit loan growth and clearly, you laid out a very specific path for net interest margin. Is it too optimistic to think that net interest income could be flat next year?
David Turner: Well, we don't want to give guidance yet on what next year is. We have -- still have things that we don't know about, what will the rate environment look like. Clearly, that puts pressure on growing net interest income, we do think that, we've talked a lot about being able to grow the balance sheet consistent with with GDP and then some, then a little. Now, we've also done a lot of capital recycling to make sure that we're getting good relationship business on the books. And so you've seen some pressure on absolute loan growth there. But we expect to grow, and our teams have that expectation. So we have that piece of it, we feel good about. Let's just see what the rate profit gives us going into next year. Lower rates obviously put some pressure on us.
Erika Najarian: And as I think about your earlier response is clearly the ROTC range is potentially out of reach with given the interest rate outlook, but you did say you're not giving up on 55%. And as we think about the context of revenue challenges and potentially on that because of REITs and fees potentially peaking this year. I guess is there room for expenses on an absolute basis to actually be down if you get to continued efficiency improvement?
David Turner: Well, so our commitment has been and continues to be generating positive operating leverage in any environment. So we are seeking to grow revenue faster than the expenses. So where revenue continues to be challenge, we will continue to work even harder on expense management, feel that we can do that. So I think that clearly revenue is going to be challenged, kind of back to the last part, the last question is revenue will be challenged because 65% of our revenue comes from spread, and we had higher rates in the first half of the year versus the back half. And so on a comp '19 to '20, it would be very hard to grow revenue in that at least NII. So loan growth, will help us there a bit. We'll see what the rate environment is, but we have good NIR, we have good investments that we've made, we expect that to continue to grow and as we just talked through our continuous improvement program to help and control expenses, we believe will generate positive operating leverage and continue to work our efficiency ratio down at the same time.
Erika Najarian: And I just want to be clear, even in an environment that you mentioned where it's very hard to grow revenue, Regions is still committed to deliver positive operating leverage.
David Turner: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Saul Martinez of UBS.
Saul Martinez: Couple of questions. First, more of a clarification, with the 25% to 30% deposit beta in the fourth quarter. Is that what's the denominator on that, is that on two cuts and hence it's a 12 basis point to 15 basis point reduction in deposit cost, it's not. I am just trying to make sure it's not on an average, the average fed funds rate because obviously you had July and September cut that's fully in the fourth quarter. I just want to make sure I understand the numerator and the denominator there.
David Turner: So it's based on two rate cuts that are baked in in October and December right now.
Saul Martinez: So it would be at the 12 basis point to 15 basis point reduction.
David Turner: Round numbers, that's right.
Saul Martinez: I guess more important question on loan growth, I hear what you're saying that under over the long run -- under normal conditions, you can grow your balance sheet in line with C&I -- and hopefully then some. But if I look at your loan growth this quarter period end it up I think 1% year-on-year. Going forward, do you have indirect vehicles rolling off to maybe a few hundred a quarter, you have GreenSky as a headwind. Home equity is still a little bit of a headwind, your CRE book isn't really growing. It's contracting. I think on mortgage owner occupied, how, I mean, I'm struggling with how you get loan growth and interest earning asset growth next year. Can you just help me understand where you see the offsets, where -- I know you're not giving guidance for 2020. But how do I think about it conceptually, given you have pretty material headwinds from in multiple loan lines.
David Turner: So yes, there is a lot of stories inside the loan book. Let's kind of start at the top. So our big driver of loan growth has traditionally been our C&I book. Those can be lumpy from time to time. It depends on access to capital markets. It depends on line utilization, and you've seen some of that happen in this year. I mean it's, we had a lot of growth in the first quarter and no growth in the second, in the third quarter. We feel good about our pipelines, we feel good about our conversations. We're having with our -- with our clients, they are cautious, there're optimistic but they're watching this uncertainty with regards to trade and tariffs clearly put some pressure and downward sentiment in terms of wanting to make the next dollar fixed capital investment. But that being said, we still think there is going to be some growth there from an investor real estate standpoint we've probably have the second-lowest concentration of investor real estate of our peers, we have some opportunities there. We are being very careful and selective with clients. So from time to time, you'll see that move up and then pay-offs will move it back down, but I think investor real estate is an opportunity. Resi-mortgage continues to be an opportunity. We had a little bit of growth this quarter, production was up. About a third of that was refinanced and two-thirds of it was purchased. And we keep about almost half of what we, what we produce. So I think that'll be a plus in our direct consumer, we think it's going to be a plus. We making investments in unsecured even though GreenSky is running off, we have other avenues. I think John mentioned, we're going to cap unsecured, but we continue to see opportunities for a little bit of growth there. Now home equity has been on -- quite a bit of decline over time, and we think that that will slow down a bit. So I think that when you and you had mentioned indirect vehicles being down. Those are really the key drivers. Again, we're not looking for a lot of loan growth, but I think, we'll have solid loan growth that will be profitable for the Company.
Saul Martinez: Can you remind the GreenSky is roughly $2 billion. And can you remind -- I believe and how quickly does it. What's the average, the weighted average life of that?
David Turner: It's about $1.9 billion actually. It has little low right at two years in terms of duration. There will be pieces of this at linear for a while, but the bulk of that's two year.
David Turner: And Saul while it's -- begins to run off. We've modestly increased our commitment to so far to grow that portfolio and we are investing in our own unsecured lending capabilities and we believe that we can match the timing of the run-off and the increase and so far with unsecured lending capabilities, all of which should help us on the consumer side in addition to growing mortgage, yearly bank card and growing direct lending.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys share with us, we hear and you guys already touched on your technology spend. I think you had mentioned $625 million is what is expected to be expense this year. How can we as outsiders, we hear a lot of stories about the big banks taking market share from the smaller banks, how do you guys measure whether you're keeping -- I know the dollars you're spending, but how do you measure whether you're keeping up from a digital technological standpoint that you can remain competitive with the bigger banks. What are some of the metrics should we outsiders look to -- to determine whether you're keeping up with these bigger banks?
John Owen: Yes, just real quick on that, this is John Owen. Like I said earlier, we spend about $625 million, about 42% of that is based on new initiatives and new projects and looking forward into new things which digital would be a big part of that, about 48% is around how we maintain the bank, maintain systems and really, our infrastructure going forward. About 10% is on cyber risk. The way we think about -- are we keeping up and keeping pace. We use a few external factors. Number one would be JD Powers -- JD Powers ranks all of the top 23 banks are on their list and they come out with a quarterly ranking and they rank everything from how we perform in the branch all the way through to our online banking and mobile banking. So that's a data point we use consistently. We are in the top quartile for branch and online, mobile moves between top quartile and second quartile. So again that's an area where we're trying to always keep that in the top quartile. The other source should be Gallup. Gallup also gives us good insights from our customers on how we're performing in digital and areas where we need to advance. The other thing I would point to is just the rapid growth of our digital at the bank. Over the last three years, our digital logins to our online and mobile properties were up 90%. You heard John talk about earlier on digital sales. Our digital sales are up 90% year-over-year. In credit card, our digital sales and savings accounts were up 35% and checking accounts, about 24%. So we kind of look at it from a couple of factors, how do our external parties validate what we're doing and also our internal growth rates.
John Turner: Yes, I'll just add, Gerard. The other thing I look at it is, are we growing consumer checking accounts? Are we growing low cost deposits and who are our new customers? And roughly half of our new customers are under the age of 30. And so all of those things for me are indicators that we are in fact competing and having success, offering compelling technology to our customers.
Gerard Cassidy: And David, you talked a bit about the CECL increase, you mentioned, you guys put out the number in the second quarter Q. I think you said $400 million to $600 million, which if you compare that to your existing level of reserves over a 50% increase. Everybody can -- appears to be able to handle yourself included the day one impact that you just described, how can you frame out for us. If you can what the day two impacts are going to look like? Should we as outsiders assume that we're going to see loan loss provisions of similar increases to what the day one impact was for everybody, or how are you guys looking at that at this stage?
David Turner: I would not say that day two would be anything remotely close to day one. Day one just kind of level sets and we are -- we'll see what other peers are coming out and what their -- what their numbers are really is dependent on portfolios those with consumer or longer dated loans are going to have higher CECL charges than those that are business services oriented that have shorter-term duration of their loan books. Day two, you need to think about, you still have charge-offs that come through. You have to provide CECL reserves and provisioning on loan growth, those have a tendency to be somewhat higher than we have today. Under the incurred model and again, very dependent on what type of loans you're growing, so mix makes a big difference. So if you're growing mortgages versus commercial real estate, mortgages are going to carry a higher provision than commercial real estate as odd as that sounds. And then the last key factor is what's the economic outlook, how is that changing from time to time and that's why we put in our prepared comments, we've given you $400 million to $600 million, but is really dependent on what it looks like December 31/January 1, what do we think the -- the forecast looks like going forward. That makes a big difference in day two, when that change occurs things getting better or worse, you see in particular when they get worse or forecasted to get worse. You can see much bigger provisions than you do other than in current model and that's what the standard was supposed to do. It was trying to have your reserve much quicker. And that's why we've talked about pro-cyclicality of the standards is as pro-cyclical as you can get because in a down rate cycle, you're going to be reserving more for loan growth, which is -- which causes one to be concerned about the cost and availability of credit in a downturn.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Foran of Autonomous.
Brian Foran: I guess I had a couple of questions on your slide appendix. First of all, thank you for this level of detail on the commercial loan portfolio or some of the key areas you're highlighting. It is quite a lot. I guess, as I look through Slide 14 or really maybe Slide 15 through Slide 17 because the energy you've talked about before. The restaurant, the retail, the manufacturing, transportation. How are you positioning this? Is this just being responsive to investor questions or are these areas you're actively concerned. Are there any sub portfolios where you seen opportunity to maybe take some market share. I guess how should I interpret all this detail why you're highlighting restaurant, retail, manufacturing and transportation?
Barbara Godin: Brian, this is Barb Godin. On that note, we do have some concerns in the restaurant portfolio that we seeing some softening in the restaurant portfolio. There's certainly been some softening in the energy portfolio, a little bit manufacturing, but by and large, we decided to be much more transparent providing you with information on our portfolios, so that -- all of you have an opportunity to look and say, look, we see what's in their portfolio, we feel good about their portfolio, we feel good about our portfolios and our ability to manage it and we just felt that now was the time to be, as I said, much more transparent, particularly as we go into with potentially looks like a credit cycle that will happen in the next couple of years.
Brian Foran: And then maybe in a similar vein on Slide 12. I mean, I almost hate to ask this, but it's always a little bit of a lightning rod for investors. The leverage loan balances certainly recognizing the $6 billion is a much bigger number than the standard definition of which would produce $2.5 billion, you highlight in the slides. But I think when you first gave this is about $5.5 billion. So why is it kind of crept up a little bit over the past six months to nine months, is that you participating more or is that just some credits tripping into your leverage definition. Why is the number gotten a little bigger?
Barbara Godin: We do have a number of credits that again based on the way we define it, will become leverage even though they started off as not leveraged. Additionally, we've got Ronnie Smith here, who runs that portfolio and I'm going to ask him to make a couple of comments on it.
Ronald Smith: Yes, just a couple of comments. And one of your responses is exactly on target. We had a couple of really long-term relationships publicly traded companies that had positive credit events that pushed it over into our definition of leverage lending and if you combine those two, it was just over $400 million. We feel good about those particular companies and we'll see at least one of those resolved within a very short period of time. The other will resolve given a little bit more intermediate period of time, but there is not really a focus on growing that portfolio, other than continuing to support our existing relationships where we can build broad and deep relationships outside of the lending transaction online.
John Turner: I'd just add we actually manage it as a concentration risk like we do every other part of our portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Marinac of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Christopher Marinac: I wanted to ask further on the credit explanation that you just gave, should we see a higher level of total criticized than we do now or will that number kind of vary. I know you had the spec change driving a lot of this quarterly shifts?
Barbara Godin: Yes, it's Barb again. In the criticized portfolio on particular classified, I think is what you're pointing to which drove that number up. So let me first start with saying, despite all that, our credit metrics for the quarter were within our broader risk expectation. We experienced improvement in several areas. As you know, delinquencies were down 4%, TDRs down 7%, NPLs down 13%, and charge-offs were flat. So we feel good there. And as well as you mentioned, David, did our Shared National Credits were included. And just to comment on the Shared National Credits, we weren't agent on any of those credits by the way. If I speak specifically to our classified loan category, I'm going to categorize what happened this quarter as follows, which is really over half of the increase came from five energy credits that moved into the category, but since quarter-end, one of these credits has totally resolved and the other three credits are to a large energy services customer, that's staying with us for well over 50 years and they have the proven ability to perform through the cycle. So for energy in general, I'll make the comment that our book right now was only 13% oilfield services and we also have gone through and have stressed our price deck on which we both lend as well as service our accounts down to $39.20. And that's against today's price, last I looked this morning. It was about $54 a barrel, give or take. So based on all of this and we've done a lot of work, we believe our energy losses will stay somewhere within a really manageable range of about $30 million to $50 million over the next year, in addition to energy -- next three year, sorry. In addition to energy, we also had some asset-based loans that we move to classified this quarter with all of them currently being well within their asset values. So as such, we anticipate minimal to no loss on those credits. And lastly, we also review the top 80% of credits that moved to our classified category this quarter and again based on this, we're comfortable both our loss range of 40 basis points to 50 basis points for this year and 40 basis points to 65 basis points over the next year based on a slowing economy. So I would summarize by saying, we don't see what happened this quarter as being a systemic issue, we are where we're coming off a period of historically low numbers and as such, we believe that some increase was to be expected.
David Turner: I will add, Barbara. The 40 basis points to 65 basis points loss rate was over the next three years.
Barbara Godin: Three years. I'm sorry.
Christopher Marinac: Okay, great, that's helpful background. And again with the inclusion of the additional categories, does that imply that restaurants and ABL and others had deterioration in the quarter or again, you're just giving more transparency to those in general?
Barbara Godin: There is some marginal deterioration, but we're really are just trying to get much more transparency.
Operator: Your final question comes from Stephen Scouten of Sandler O'Neill.
Stephen Scouten: I just had a follow-up question maybe to Betsy's earlier question around the ROTCE guidance and kind of this -- maybe more specifically why that would move down, I just remember from your Investor Day, you guys had a pretty not negative, but maybe a muted view on the economy kind of where, GDP was going to go. Fed funds were roaring to a zero range policy and even the tenure, I think around $150 million. So granted a lot of what we're seeing today is kind of what you guys predicted. So I'm wondering, what specifically is driving the change in expectations relative to what you said that?
David Turner: I think, Steven, our expectation of the tenure was closer to 3%, than the $150 million. At the time we gave that out. So there are two things that drive return is the numerator and denominator and that denominator impact on lower rates is pretty tough. When you have falling rate environment, clearly, the fair value of the investment portfolio and therefore book value increases and it's the same thing on all the derivatives that that we've added the fair value of those have obviously increased putting pressure on the denominator. So that's a -- that's more meaningful than you might think. When you go through the calculation from a net income standpoint, clearly, we had rate expectations and margin guidance that had been as high as 370, down to a low of 340. That's where we are. And so 18% to 20% wouldn't predicated on being at the low end of the range. So I think, if you look at our industry and you think of just good core commercial banking, at 20% return on capital can get -- you can get there when you have a rising rate environment margins are continuing to expand. We don't have that. We have low rates, a relatively flat yield curve and no -- at least the market saying, no real expectations for rates to change over the next couple of years. So it's really hammering out net income growth and return through making good investments to grow in IR, watching expenses, keeping tabs on credit quality. And that's what we're doing. But it's, it's, you can't get to those type of returns in this environment, if it persist.
John Turner: Okay, since we have no further questions. So thank you all for your interest today. Appreciate it very much. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Shelby and Ill be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Shelby. Welcome to Regions second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. John Turner will provide highlights of our financial performance and David Turner will take you through an overview of the quarter. The slide presentation as well as our earnings release and earnings supplement, are available under the investor relations section of our website. Our forward-looking statements disclosure and non-GAAP reconciliations are included in the appendix of todays presentation and within our SEC filings. These cover our presentation materials, prepared comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of todays call. With that, I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana and thank you all for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying in the face of significant market volatility, we are pleased with our second quarter results. We reported earnings from continuing operations of $374 million, a 3% increase over the second quarter of the prior year and earnings per share of $0.37, an increase of 16%. We also delivered solid pretax, pre provision income growth compared with the prior year, and generated 4% adjusted positive operating leverage. This quarter's results demonstrate our core business remain strong. And our focus on meeting client need is producing sustainable growth. We grew revenue, average loans and deposits and new customer relationships across market while reducing expenses. We are also experiencing success in our priority market which included Atlanta, Houston, Orlando and St Louis. For example, in Atlanta, the pace of new account and deposit growth is approximately 2x that of net of the total company. Further, we are outperforming the general market in terms of household account growth in each respective location.  Shifting to the corporate bank, in just six months we've added a significant number of new clients across these same markets. Commercial banking growth has been particularly strong in Houston where pipelines for credit and deposits are in all time high. Although it's early, we believe these facts provide evidence that our investments for growing are paying off. We remained focus on those things we can control. And we can continue to feel very good about our future. We are largely complete with our hedging strategy that we began about 18 months ago. These instruments will provide stability to our net interest income and net interest margin. Dave will spend some time discussing the details of that strategy in just a moment.  We also remain well positioned to prudently manage through the next credit cycle because of our ongoing risk mitigation activities, including client selectivity, sound underwriting, rigorous credit servicing and appropriate concentration limits. We remain focused on appropriate capital allocation, balance sheet optimization and risk adjusted returns. This work led to our exit of indirect auto and insurance and the decision to exit a point-of-sale relationship earlier this year. It also informed our strategic decision to achieve better balance between construction and term commercial lending within our real estate business. Another meaningful example of our commitment to build a business that's sustainable over the long term. This quarter, we reposition a portion of our investment securities portfolio, continue to focus on client selectivity and relationship profitability with our loan portfolios and improved our funding mix. These actions will help support net interest income and the net interest margin going forward. Despite recent market uncertainty, the economy still feels pretty good. And while our customers are more cautious than they were just a few months ago, they maintained a positive outlook and most continue to expect better performance this year than last. Many of our customers have a backlog of orders. With the biggest challenge being an insufficient supply of skilled labor. Fundamentally, the domestic economy remains solid, and credit quality continues to reflect relatively stable performance with some continued normalization. And while lower interest rates support continuing economic expansion, they will certainly pressure future revenue growth. To respond, we will continue to build on the momentum we've established through our simplifying grow initiative. To make banking easier, accelerate revenue growth and importantly, become more efficient and effective. Should the market's current path for lower interest rates persist, with short rates declining in second half of 2019 and remaining at lower levels into 2020, and the economy softened faster than we expect, achieving some of our long-term financial targets will be challenging. That being said, we remain committed doing all we can to appropriately adjust our plans and to respond. So to summarize, this was another solid quarter for Regions and despite the market volatility and uncertainty, I feel good about where we are today and believe we're well positioned to generate consistent and sustainable long-term performance throughout all phases of the economic cycle. With that, I'll now turn it over to David.
David Turner: Thank you, John. During last quarter's call we spent time talking about certain balance sheet optimization efforts. And we're either underway or actively being developed. And today, I want to spend a few minutes highlighting the results of those efforts. When we say balance sheet optimization, we're referring to the strategies we execute every day to challenge the efficiency of our balance sheet in order to maximize net interest income and margin, as well as overall profitability and returns. This quarter, adjusted average loans grew approximately 1%. As you may recall, late last quarter we experienced loan growth from certain large corporate customers that while high in quality generated thinner spreads. We anticipated some of these customers which used refinance in the capital markets. Although, we have experienced some movement, the moderation in loan growth this quarter was primarily due to our continued focus on client selectivity and overall relationship profitability. As John mentioned, loan demand in our markets remain reasonably healthy, but maintaining our disciplined approach impacted overall balance growth. We remain focused on risk adjusted returns and are not interested in trying to out grow the economy by pursuing nominal loan growth for short-term benefit. With that said, we continue to expect full-year growth in average adjusted loans to be in the low to mid single digits. During the quarter, we also executed strategies to better optimize our securities portfolio. We reduce the overall size by approximately $1.5 billion through a combination of maturities and sales. We also sold another $2.8 billion of lower yielding securities and reinvested those proceeds into higher yielding securities, improving our yield run rate by 8 basis points, while recognizing approximately $19 million of net losses. The new securities were selected to ensure appropriate prepayment protection with a focus on improving performance in a declining rate environment. Turning to the liability side of the balance sheet. Average corporate segments deposits decrease 3% during the quarter and included seasonal declines within public fund accounts, as well as an intentional exit of approximately $700 million of higher cost deposits that were added during the first quarter to support loan growth. Despite this reduction, total average deposits still increased approximately 1% driven primarily by growth in consumer. Exhibiting the strength of our core deposit franchise, average consumer deposits increased $1.3 billion and importantly average noninterest-bearing consumer deposits increased almost $600 million. These optimization strategies also triggered a reduction in wholesale funding needs during the quarter. Average FHLB advances are down approximately $1 billion compared to the prior quarter. So let's look at how this impacted net interest income and margin. Net interest income was down slightly compared to the first quarter and net interest margin totaled 3.45%. As expected, continued deposit pricing pressure was the largest driver of this quarter's margin. What is important to know, however, is we did see deposit costs peak within the quarter in May and subsequently trend down in June. Our total deposit costs remain one of the lowest in the industry. And our cumulative deposit beta for the recent tightening cycle is 29%. Assuming the Federal Reserve begins to ease in orderly increments of 25 basis points, we currently expect an initial deposit beta of approximately 35% at the beginning of a down rate cycle. In addition to deposit cost and after normalizing for days, another driver to this quarter's margin was declining market interest rates. This includes the decline we saw in LIBOR in anticipation of potential rate cuts by the Federal Reserve, as well as the decline in loan-in rates. Currently the market is pricing in further interest rate declines over the second half of 2019. So let's spend a few minutes looking at how this could impact our results. While reducing deposit could provide some relief using the June 30 market forwards which includes roughly 325 basis point reductions, we would expect full-year net interest income to be modestly higher than the prior year. While fourth-quarter margin would approach 3.40%, the low end of our long-term range. However, we would expect the first quarter's margin to expand into the low-to-mid 340s as the benefit of our forward starting hedges begins. Now I want to take some time and walk you through our hedging strategy, and its expected financial benefit. Slide 6 contains additional details regarding our use of forward starting swaps and floors along with their anticipated impact to our future asset sensitive profile. The chart provides a cumulative build of the notional value of our hedges broken out by the quarter in which they become effective. We are substantially complete with our hedging program. And importantly, the bulk of those forward starting hedges become active on January 1st, 2020. In addition, these forward starting hedges have maturities of approximately five years from their respective starting. These longer tenures provide better support to future net interest income to the extent rates remains low for an extended period. Because the preponderance of our hedging program is forward starting, many of you may be modeling a negative impact to our future net interest income that will look markedly different six months from now. To illustrate the benefit of our future dated hedges, we have provided the estimated impact to annual net interest income associated with a standard 100 basis point gradual, parallel shock for each future period presented. The table highlights this inverted relationship. As our forward starting hedges become effective, our asset sensitivity is reduced. The key takeaway from this slide is our forward starting hedges will stabilise our interest rate sensitivity profile in 2020 and beyond. So let's move on to fee revenue. Adjustment noninterest income increased 2% compared to the first quarter. Service charges, card and ATM fees and mortgage reflected seasonally higher revenue, combined with continued customer account growth and an increase in transaction activity. Wealth management income increased primarily due to sales and market driven revenue from investment management and trusts, combined with higher sales volumes from investment services. Within mortgage income, our net MSR hedge impact remained relatively consistent quarter-over-quarter. However, as expected in a declining rate environment, we are beginning to experience an increase in prepayment decay. Partially offsetting these increases were declines in capital markets, like on the life insurance and other noninterest income. The declining capital markets were primarily due to lower M&A advisory fees and customer swap income. The decline in customer swap income was almost entirely due to market related credit valuation adjustments tied to customer derivatives. Excluding these market-based adjustments, total capital markets income would have increased approximately 5%. Let's move on to noninterest expense, which continues to be a really good story for Regions. Adjusted noninterest expense increased 1% compared to first quarter. Furniture and equipment expense, outside services and professional fees increase this quarter, but were partially offset by decline in salaries and benefits. A decline in staffing levels of just under 300 full-time equivalent positions combined with a favorable reduction in benefits expense contributed to the decline in salaries benefits. The adjusted efficiency ratio was 58.3% unchanged from the prior quarter. Despite success in managing our cost, the challenging revenue environment necessitates even more focus on expense management. One area with expense save opportunity is within corporate real estate. This quarter we took advantage of market opportunities and sold a large office building in excess of 100,000 square feet. We also made a decision to market the sale of another large office building in excess of 300,000 square feet. These transactions will benefit future occupancy expense and are expected to help us exceed our goal to reduce over 200 million square feet of space by 2021. Additionally, we continue to make significant progress in the digital space. Digital checking account openings are up 53% and digital card production is up 43% year- to-date. The effective tax rate was 19.4% and it was impacted by excess tax benefits associated with invested equity awards. So let's shift to asset quality. Asset quality continue to perform in line with our expectations this quarter, and reflected stable performance within a relatively benign credit environment, while some normalization of certain credit metrics continued, overall credit results remained well within the acceptable range of our establish risk appetite. Net charge-offs increased to 0.44% of average loans, in line with our expected range of 40 to 50 basis points for 2019.  Provision match net charge-offs resulting in an allowance equal to 1.02% of total loans and 160% of total non-accrual loan. Non accrual loans increased modestly while Business Services criticized loans remained relatively unchanged. And total troubled debt restructurings decreased 7%. While overall asset quality remains stable and within our stated risk appetite, volatility and certain credit metrics can be expected. So let me give you some brief comments related to capital and liquidity. During the quarter, the company repurchased 12.8 million shares of common stock for $190 million and declared $141 million in dividends. In June, we announced details related to our 2019 capital plan. We intend to reach our 9.5% common equity Tier 1 ratio target in the third quarter and managed at that approximate level going forward. Our capital plan includes the ability to repurchase up to $1.37 billion of common stock. However, the exact amount and timing of repurchases will be determined by actual loan growth and our overall financial performance. We also expect to increase the quarterly dividend within our stated range of 35% to 45% of earnings. The Board will consider this increase at their meeting next week. Our full year 2019 expectations are presented on slide 11. Assuming the market forward curve at quarter end, we would expect to be at the lower end of our 2% to 4% full-year adjusted revenue growth target. Given the certain revenue environment, we are increasing our focus on expense management and expect full-year adjusted noninterest expense to be stable to down slightly. And we expect to generate positive operating leverage for the year. As John noted, we remain focused on the things we can control. And we are responding to the changing market dynamics as we have in the past. So in summary, we are pleased with our second quarter financial results. We have a solid strategic plan, designed to deliver consistent and sustainable performance throughout any economic cycle. With that, we're happy to take your questions. But do ask that you limit them to one primary and one follow-up question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs. 
RyanNash: Hey, good morning guys. So it looks like you've seen an inflection and deposit cost. So they're like a 29%, you had one of the lowest faded cycle to date. So you're talking about the NIM approaching 3.40% and then increasing. Can you just talk about how you feel about your ability to bring down deposit across -- a deposit cost across most of across retail wealth and commercial? And then as you think about the sensitivities you've outlined, given all the changing dynamics on the balance sheet, how do you think about the sensitivity to short versus long-term rates? Then I have a follow-up.
DavidTurner: Okay. This is David. So we're encouraged by the reaction of our team's on deposit cost. We clearly are competitive. But we are -- we are able and in the month of June through our actions we took the month before that to reduce deposit cost a couple of basis points. And we put that in the chart to show you that we expect that to have already peaked to the extent that we continue to get short-term rates down that will give us even more ability to reduce deposit cost.  We have about 10% of our deposits are indexed; 10% of our interest bearing deposits are indexed, but we also have another 10% of our interest bearing deposits that are have been exception priced that really money market type deposits if get to address as rate change. So we can move pretty quickly as the market changes which give us some confidence that we continue to hold our margin at that 3.40% level for the remainder of the year. Even then if we get the two roughly three cuts that the forwards imply.
RyanNash: Got it and maybe as my follow-up, you talked about the environment being challenging and it might be hard to hit some of your targets. I guess if the rate environment does improve do you think you could still approach the low end of your efficiency and ROTC targets? And then second do you expect to continue to be able to generate positive operating leverage, even if you don't hit the target? Thanks.
DavidTurner: Yes. So we made a commitment at Investor Day that we would generate positive operating leverage each year of our three-year plan. Clearly, the rate outlook put some pressure on that, but we still are committed to generating positive operating leverage. If you recall the last three year plan that we had, the market didn't behave quite like we thought it was going to either and we pulled whatever it took to make sure we met the targets. And so we have confidence in that. Clearly, if we have a persistent low rate environment for this whole three-year period that does put pressure on certain of those metrics. But I would like to point out, we're six months into our three-year plans.  There are a lot of things that can happen and so we're confident we have a good plan that we have the ability to toggle and do what we need to do to continue to improve our financial performance. And we will do that that was the commitment that was in our prepared comments both from John and from me.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari, Evercore ISI.
JohnPancari: Good morning, John. On the expense topic still just I guess longer-term you had an expectation for below 55% efficiency ratio in 2021 or by 2021. Can you just think, just let us know how you are thinking about the, that level and if it's still attainable despite the rate backdrop just giving you're hedging et cetera? Thanks.
DavidTurner: Yes. So as I tried to mention to Ryan then, three years is a long time. If you just did the math on this rate persisting for that entire three-year period of time, would be pretty hard to get to a 55% efficiency ratio because we don't want to do is cut our expenses so much we damage our franchise. We can get pretty close to that even in that rate environment because of all the hedging that's in place. But could we hit 55% it would be, again this rate environment persisting the entire time would be pretty tough. 
JohnTurner: But I would say, John, I mean we're going to remain focused on effective expense management while investing in our business. And so you can expect us to continue to deliver on our commitment to maintain expenses to flat just down slightly while investing in our business. And hopefully growing revenue despite what is a challenging interest rate environment.
DavidTurner: Let me add some to that John because we are talking about the interest rate environment. If we have low rate environment with slope to the yield curve that's very helpful. If we have, obviously a higher rate environment with slope that's ideal. A low and flat rate environment with as where we have would have pressure on that 55% margin.
JohnPancari: Got it, okay. That's helpful color. 
DavidTurner: I am sorry, efficiency. 
JohnPancari: Right, right, got it. Okay and then my follow up are around credit. Just wondered if we can get a little bit more color on the increasing charge-off on the commercial front? Where they come from? And then also your non performers still saw a moderate increase in the quarter despite the higher charge-off. So implying that we are seeing a pick up inflows here. Can you talk about what is driving that? Thanks. 
BarbGodin: Sure, it's Barb. Relative to charge-offs driven by one loan, it was in the -- it came out of healthcare sector something that we've been working on for quite a while. And finally came to a resolution. So we don't see anything systemic in there. Relative to the NPLs, it was three loans that really drove those numbers of which one has since been paid off. And the other two, we, at this point we don't expect any loss from them. So, again nothing systemic. We are still seeing credit is being stable in our outlook going for the balance of the year. And we are committed again to the 40 to 50 basis points range again for the balance of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
MattO'Connor: Hi. There is puts and takes on the balance sheet kind of outside of loans. You talked about loans and securities, reinvesting them. Just as we think about earnings assets, ex loans, are those kind of relatively stable going forward with the restructuring? I just want to make sure I got all the puts and takes there. 
DavidTurner: Yes, Matt. I would tell you some of those investment transactions were toward the end of the quarter. So if you look at our average, our average is below with ending was, so you --we're going to feel a little bit of pressure on earning assets from that trade into the third quarter. So it's really not as much on growing net interest income and margin on earning assets as it is the mix. And being able to react to deposit pricing should we have rate reductions.
MattO'Connor: Okay. So those -- so the buckets of kind of non loan earning assets will be down a bit on average 3Q verse the 2Q level?
DavidTurner: In particular in the investment security portfolio because that trend happened at the end of the quarter.
MattO'Connor: Yes, okay. And then just following up on the line of credit discussion right before me. The early stage delinquency numbers also moved up and did that relate to healthcare loan or the commercial inflows, one of which paid off or was that driven something different?
BarbGodin: Yes. Part of that is seasonal in our 30-day buckets, 90 day buckets were down, and 30 day was up marginally. And there is nothing systemic in there at all. That is part, it's just a part and parcel of our seasonality. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
JenniferDemba: Thank you. Good morning. Question for you on M&A. Could you just give us an idea of what your interest level is at this point in bank and non-bank M&A?
JohnTurner: Yes. Thank you. Our interest in Bank M&A hasn't changed. We remain focused on the execution of our plans. We don't see any material change in the economic analysis of M&A and Bank M&A. And so we're going to continue to watch the market. We're going to continue to pay attention to what's occurring, but our position hasn't changed. With respect to non-bank M&A, we continue to look for opportunities to add capabilities to help grow and diversify revenue to meet customer needs. We recently announced the acquisition of Holland, which is a wealth management capability that complementary to our healthcare business. And one that we're excited about, it's a smaller transaction like the others that we've done. But it's meaningful and that again it helps us, we think grow and diversify revenue and meet a customer need by adding some capabilities. We have been actively looking at mortgage servicing rights acquisitions, but with the rate environment those transactions have become more challenging to find. But we'll continue to do that and within our other businesses, we're again always looking for opportunities to add to our capabilities and will remain active there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter winter of Wedbush.
Peterwinter: Good morning. You guys are putting a little bit more emphasis on the expense side. I was just wondering if you could talk about some of the levers because it certainly doesn't seem like you're in slowdown, the investment.
DavidTurner: Yes. Peter, that last statement is really important because we are continuing to look for ways to make banking easier for our customers, looking to make investments in talent, technology. We have to pay for that. And way to do that is to continue to focus on our expenses and leverage our simplifying grow continuous improvement program that we started a little over a year and a half ago. If we're going to control our expenses, we have to really have an intense focus on our top three categories, salaries and benefits being number one. Down some 300 positions at this quarter, we continue to look to opportunities to streamline operations by leveraging technology. And most of that gets handled through attrition. We've looked at occupancy, our next biggest category as we had in our prepared comments, we had some 400,000 square feet of space that we're exiting. Some of it we have exited; some what we just put in held for sale and we will be getting out of that space to save us on run rate occupancy. Also furniture, fixtures and equipment, our third category as we have here people, we have a smaller space we can save there as well. And our fourth category would be kind of purchasing or vendor spends, if you will. We have a, do had procurement that is really put in a lot of rigor in terms of helping us from a demand management standpoint on controlling what we need from a purchasing standpoint. Whether it is consulting hours or products or whatever the case may be. And so we're, we, this type of challenging revenue environment and a commitment to positive operating leverage, you just have to pull every string that you can in terms of controlling expenses.
JohnTurner: And I'd add, Peter, we're, as we've said a few times, we're really pleased with our simplify grow initiative and we're really only beginning to see the benefits of the continuous improvement work that's occurring. And I asked John Owen who has led that initiative just too briefly talk about a couple of other things that opportunities that we see through the use of our digital capabilities to drive improvement. John?
JohnOwen: Yes. Good morning, everybody. We had about 17 new initiatives to our simplify and grow list. In the second quarter bringing that number up to about 62 initiatives. We've already completed 13 year-to-date. We will complete another 11 initiatives in the second half of 2019. When I think about some of the things we point to, go back to Investor Day, we talked about launching our digital lending platform and the consumer side of the house. That has really taken traction. We're seeing 38% of our applications today come in through that digital channel. On the e-side, e-close part of this, we're up to about 58% of our direct loans, closing of e-signs are really good traction of digital lending capabilities. On the account opening, we're in a digital front. I think I'd point you to, we've had a team as part of simplify and grow working now for about a year, how do we streamline account opening, and how do we make the credit card process more smooth process and quicker process. I would revise the application, we've streamlined and we now are getting about 53% increases in our digital account opening and checking accounts. And about a 44% increase in credit card production to that digital channel. So really good traction there. On the AI front, we continue to look for use cases on how we can roll out AI across the bank. You're all familiar with what we've done in the contact center. We've expanded a couple things in the contact center with AI. One of those is now where we launch password resets, which is one of our top calls into the center. We launched that in this month and we're seeing really good traction and having our AI virtual agent handle those password resets. The last thing is we're having good success with AI and our quality assurance functions, where we're actually having the AI virtual agent Quality Assurance call types categories and really go through and make sure that our reps are following the right disclosures and right scripts. That's reducing our expenses in that QA area by about 70%. So good traction with AI as well.
Peterwinter: And then if I could ask with the hedging strategy really starting to kick in beginning in next year and you gave the outlook for the margin in the first quarter. Should we expect the margin going forward next year to be kind of flat to up?
DavidTurner: Yes. I think to the extent, so we're all assuming that the forwards actually work their way through for next year. As you can see on the chart, I think of slide 6 where we are trying to show you more and more hedging more and more the derivatives actually become effective, which helps us stabilize margin and what we're trying to do through the hedging program is just neutralized impact of insurance policy on lower rates, which prevents us from having to grow net interest income and margin from coming out of a hole. So now you can have organic growth and the balance sheet putting on good earning assets to give you the kind of growth that you want to have. So we're not having to work against say, a headwind like we think many others might have. And so we do have the ability to grow depending on what we put on in terms of earning assets in 2020.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies. 
KenUsdin: Good morning, guys. Thank you. Just a follow-up on that last question. So your scenario that you put out on page 5 which is really helpful, takes in three potential cuts that are in the forward curve. And this might be just more of a semantic one but I'm just wondering if the Fed only gives us one, how that saving changes potentially in terms of the decline before the hedge is come on. Like is it just like you end up in the same place but from a slightly different way of getting there or I just wanted to get --just trying to understand how the cadence might change if we don't fully get the three cuts of the curve?
DavidTurner: Yes. So, Ken, couple things to think about our sensitivity. We really have two things working. First is to your point the short end of the curve. So the short end of the curve is where our derivatives are tied to generally speaking one month LIBOR, we have received fixed so cuts in short term with the protection on the other receive fixed derivatives, and our ability to reduce deposit cost in that 35% deposit beta that we are talking about gives us the confidence that we have in 2020. So even if you have one, two, three cuts in the short end, we have protection under any of those scenarios. It's then the second part is what happens to the long end of the curve. And so if we have slope to the curve even in us in a lower rate environment, if we have slope we are protected as well because the reinvestments coming off the investment portfolio on the like are really are tied to the long end. It's the, we don't want us to have a lower and flatter yield curve which is horrible for our industry as you know. So we're not as concerned about whether it's one, two or three because we'll react appropriately as long as we can get the, at the long end, at least stay where it is and maybe even increase a bit.
KenUsdin: Got it. So regardless of the pacing then you feel pretty good that 1Q, 2020 loaded mid 3, 20s can happen in most any circumstance except for a meaningfully flatter curve environment?
DavidTurner: That's exactly right. And we had our protection. We've -- we put the started putting this on over a year and a half ago with the expectation that we are going to be in this environment. We just thought it would be beginning in 2020 which is why we did forward starting. We did, we thought there are going to be rate increases through 2019 and we want to stay asset sensitive, so we've caught, been caught a little bit exposed in the latter part of 2019 as has have every peer of ours. But we're feeling pretty good about what can take place in 2020. And going forward, we have duration on those swaps in floors of five years beginning in 2020. So we have really good protection then. 
KenUsdin: Okay, got it. And then last just clean up on those forward charting swaps that you've got the fixed-rate strike on there. Are they at -- are they meaningfully different ones? The average is obviously 2.48% for the swaps and 2.08% for the floors on page six, but as you put them on, are they all around kind of a general average there or they are depends on which one they could be very much in or out of the money across the book?
DavidTurner: Yes. The averaging that we've given you, so we went to disclose a lot more this time to give you the ability to do your models. And we think the averaging is going to be representative enough. There will be 25 points here there but nothing that's really going to skew that from using the averages.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America. 
ErikaNajarian: Good morning. I just wanted to clarify the response to Ryan's earlier question. As we think about the 35% deposit beta, given that deposit costs already peaked in May? Or is that for the initial 25 basis points? And as we think about 2020 what do you think, and if the forward curve is right and that will get three cuts and then maybe not anymore, what could the ultimate sort of reverse deposit data be on those 75 basis points of cut?
DavidTurner: Yes. I think we're going to start at 35. I think over time we're at 29 cumulative going up. So if you're starting at 35 you would expect that to drift down a bit as time goes through. I think that's what you're asking. 
ErikaNajarian: So the initiative to clarify the initial impact is immediate in terms of the 35% especially on the 20% of your interest bearing deposits that you are identifying as either quite expensive or indexed? And then it would taper that the repricing would taper off in terms of percentage of cuts rather than accelerate. I guess --
DavidTurner: Yes. You're exactly right. So it starts at 35 and then at the end of the day you're going to drift from that 35 down into the higher 20s as that -- and the driver of that is the 10% indexing at the exception pricing engine then just looking at the market of all of our deposits we compared to our peers. And we get the benefit of our floors. And we get the benefit of our receive pick swaps.
ErikaNajarian: Got it. And, John, just wanted to clarify, you loud and clear that 55 and below on efficiency isn't difficult in this rate environment. You did something earlier as an answer, a reply to a question that's flat to down slightly on expenses still a commitment. And is that what we should think about over this three-year period regardless of the rate environment?
DavidTurner: Yes. So this is David. So the flat to slightly down was an answer to 2019 changing our guidance there. I think your question is then what does it mean for the next three years, if we're in this challenging revenue environment. We clearly, we have to 2% and 2.5% inflation baked into our expense base every year. And so we have to continue to see cuts, if we want to keep expenses relatively stable. We have to find ways to cut that 2.5%. So and then if we want to make investments on top of that we got to find even more. Our commitment is that we would generate positive operating leverage under any of those environments, each of those three years. Clearly, a lower rate environment, a flatter yield curve makes that very tough. But that's what we seek to do. And we're going to do whatever it takes to meet our expectations that we've laid out. The commitment was 55% three years from now, we're only six months there. So we're not giving up on 55% by any stretch.
Operator: Your next question comes from Saul Martinez of UBS. 
SaulMartinez: Hey. Good morning, everybody. So I guess I'm still a little bit confused on the 35% deposit beta. And either glide path thereafter for future cuts. So are you saying that on the first 35 or the first 25 basis point cut, you'll see a decline in your interest bearing deposit cost of 35% beta on the decline on your interest bearing deposit cost? And over what time period does that occur? That's sort of an immediate decline or is that something that drags on over a couple quarters as new pricing filters in? Because it seems like, the commentary from some other banks has been that there is going to be a lag in terms of what deposit beta is and that they are going to accelerate not decelerators as rate cuts, further rate cuts happened.
DavidTurner: Yes. So we felt like ours are going to happen a little quicker because of the indexing that we have on 10% of our $60 billion of interest bearing deposits, another 10% exception price that we can move quickly to. So we think that can be pretty high early on. And we think that that could be maintained perhaps for a couple of quarters. At some point though that has to taper off. We're only up 29, so if you start at 35 some point it has to taper off as you get to an absolute floor in terms of deposit cost. So does that help?
SaulMartinez: Yes. I think so. But so the 35% then you're saying is pretty immediate?
DavidTurner: That's correct.
SaulMartinez: Okay. I guess just more of a conceptual question then on NII and how to think about net interest income growth in 2020 and 2021. I'm not certainly not asking for guidance. I know it's too early for that. But the extent you have stabilized your rate sensitivity, you've neutralized it to a large degree. When we think about NII growth beyond this year, should we be thinking net interest income grows more in line with loan growth average earning balance growth and mix shift and that occurs not necessarily independently of rates, but that being a much bigger driver of net interest income growth regardless of what the rate environment does.
DavidTurner: That's exactly what we were trying to communicate that our hedging program gave, is giving us the opportunity do not have to climb out of a hole to grow NII margin rather neutralizes that it was insurance protection of low rate environment not to give us a tailwind but to keep us from having this massive headwind. And therefore we could participate in growing NII and margin as we continue to grow earning assets watching our deposit cost. Our deposit franchises still our number one competitive advantage. And we think that's going to help us continue to grow NII with appropriate balance sheet growth.
SaulMartinez: Okay, no, that's helpful. If I can sneak one quick final one in. I don't know if I missed it but the outlook for indirect auto and indirect other consumer, now that you guys have GreenSky or exited not renewed the commitment there. How do we think about, can you remind us what your expectations are for balances there and how much fines and what the other consumer line balance should do?
DavidTurner: And so if you look at in hour supplement on page 21, you'll see our indirect vehicle decline this past quarter some $350 million. So we're kind of on that kind of run rate. We're not renewing that. It'll take some time. The whole average for the year will be about $800 million on the indirect auto decline. I'm sorry that's not auto, I mean GreenSky. 
SaulMartinez: Yes, GreenSky, okay. Thank you. 
JohnTurner: Yes. We need to clarify that. I think it's $800 million on average on the indirect auto portfolio full year, right, that's right. And then the runoff with respect to the indirect unsecured portfolio, it will top out over the next month or two as that contract expires and then we kind of expected 2 to 2.5 year sort of weighted average payout on that portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Marinac of Janney Montgomery Scott.
ChristopherMarinac: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask about the environment [Indiscernible] late this year or next year about hiring teams of producers. Is this the environment where you invest in that or perhaps a few new markets come into the Regions' footprint because of external opportunities?
JohnTurner: Yes. I mean we're -- all of our business leaders' as well commercial corporate, real estate is actively recruiting all the time. Our consumer business similarly. One of our --one of their tasks is to always know who the best bankers are in their markets and in contiguous markets who the best bankers are in their specialized businesses. And so we're always actively recruiting. And we've had good success recruiting already this year across particularly our priority markets where we are investing St. Louis, Atlanta, and Houston and in Orlando and we'll continue to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Barker of Piper Jaffray. 
KevinBarker: Good morning. I was hoping you can give us a little more color on 9.5% CET 1 ratio target for the third quarter? It would seem that would imply a pretty aggressive buyback this quarter. And then maybe a tail off through the rest of the CCAR cycle? And maybe you just help us out with the cadence of the buyback in the near term and then through the cycle.
DavidTurner: Yes. Kevin, so you're exactly right. We put into our prepared comments that we were going to get to our 9.5% in the third quarter. Obviously we have loan growth that uses up some of that and dividends and then buying back to get us to that 9.5%, we will -- it will be exactly that every single quarter. But we're going to do what we can to keep it at that level because that's a level of capital, we think we need to run the company based on our risk profile. That does imply a quicker buyback or more of a buyback here in the short term. It will moderate after that and we will use the repurchase ability. So we have authorization for our board up to $1.37 billion of stock buyback and how we think about capital allocation is first and foremost, we'll pay a dividend of 35% to 45% of our earnings. Then we're going to use some for organic loan growth and then we'll use the rest, we'll buy stock back to keep us at that 9.5%. Should loans grow faster, buybacks will be smaller and vice versa. If loans don't grow buybacks will increase, so that we can keep the capital optimized in the company.
KevinBarker: Okay. So given the authorization that you have for this cycle it would imply that or it would seem better imply that we keep the loan growth relatively low single digits or somewhere very close to that or maybe even closer to stable in the near term. Is there anything you're doing within the balance sheet in order to decrease risk weighted assets or some other way in order to keep the ratio at 9.5% given the buyback authorization you have in place?
DavidTurner: No. We're --we, our teams are out there growing loans when it makes sense from a risk adjusted return standpoint. We grew the first quarter a little quicker than we had expected. We slowed that down a bit this quarter. We still have the low to mid-single digit growth expectation for the year. Again any given quarter you can see a pace change. The third quarter for us over the last couple years haven't --has not been as stronger for growth even though our pipelines look pretty good. The fourth quarter on the other hand it's actually been pretty strong. So we're sticking to our -- to that commitment on the loan growth. My point is that we use 9.5% and we toggle between loan growth and share buyback. We're not trying to manufacture one or the other. We want all the goods, we would much rather use our capital to grow organically than to buy our stock back. But we also want to have appropriate risk-adjusted client relationship type returns on the loan side. And if we don't get those and we can't use our capital to grow appropriately, that we will buy our stock back that makes sense.
Operator: Your final question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC. 
GerardCassidy: Question. Can you guys share with us -- we've seen a lot of commentary on by the strength of the consumer business and we all know how low the unemployment rate is in this country and the wage growth seems to be accelerating. But there seems to be some cross currents in the business side of our economy with what's going on with the trade negotiations, et cetera. So can you give us some insight of what your business customers are sharing with you about their business. And could you tie that into the forward curve of 325 basis points rate cuts in 2019. Just seems like the forward curve as being a little aggressive on those rate cuts. But I'm just curious to see what you guys think.
JohnTurner: Well, to answer the second half of your question, no, we cannot tie it into the forward curve. I would tell you that our business customers are still cautiously optimistic. It was clearly over the last 90 days or so, I sense more caution on the part of our business owners. But they're still optimistic, their 2018 results were very good. Most of them are having really good 2019 as we look at our credit quality across a variety of industry sectors really don't see any significant issues other than within the restaurant sub sector, we've called out before fast casual, don't appear to be any other stresses of any consequence that we see. Customers have good pipelines and so as I think I said in my prepared remarks, the primary constraint we see on the economy is the availability of skilled labor.  And that's the thing that tends to constrain businesses from investing not the interest rate environment. And so I really can't tie our view of the economy through our customer's eyes to the forward rate curve.
GerardCassidy: Very good. And then can you guys share with us an update on CECL, where you stand and when we may get Day 1 estimate on the build up of reserves in January of 2020?
DavidTurner: Sure, Gerard. So we've been -- our teams have been working really hard to run parallel this year. We're feeling good about being prepared for the adoption also in January 2020. We're looking to put something in our 10-Q that would give some indication as to where we might be here shortly on Day 1. As we've mentioned before, consumer portfolios get hit really hard relative to commercial portfolios. And so we have about 40% of our loans, our consumer loans versus business services loans. So mortgages, HELOCS, credit cards, those unsecured credit, those get hit pretty hard in the seasonal adoption not as much on the commercial side. But stay tuned here shortly on our 10-Q filing. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. I'll turn the call back over to John Turner for closing remarks.
John Turner: Well, thank everybody for their interest. I hope you can tell we think we have a solid quarter despite the volatility in the market. We're focused on things that we can control. Client selectivity, sound underwriting, credit servicing, effective expense management, resource allocation and risk adjusted returns. We have a good plan. We think to neutralize our interest rate sensitivity. And we believe we're well positioned to continue to execute on our plans. And we stay focused on that. So thank you for your interest in Regions. And have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-18 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Shelby and Ill be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Shelby. Welcome to Regions first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. John Turner will provide highlights of our financial performance and David Turner will take you through an overview of the quarter. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and earnings supplement, are available under the investor relations section of our regions.com. Our forward-looking statements disclosure and non-GAAP reconciliations are included in the appendix of todays presentation and within our SEC filings. These cover our presentation materials, prepared comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of todays call. With that, I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana and thank you all for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying we are pleased with our first quarter results. The momentum we experienced in the fourth quarter has continued in the 2019. We reported earnings from continuing operations of $378 million delivering solid year-over-year revenue growth, broad-based loan growth and stable, but normalizing acid quality, all while reducing expenses and generating positive operating leverage. Loans grew somewhat faster than we anticipated in the quarter, driven in part by increased line utilization by our business customers. We intentionally funded a portion of this incremental loan growth with commercial and corporate treasury deposits and while this was more economical than also borrowings, deposit costs were impacted during the quarter. We expect loan growth will moderate through the remainder of the year, providing opportunities to optimize our deposit mix. With respect to the economy, we feel good about the health of the consumer and businesses. Ive traveled across our footprint in the last few weeks to markets including Tampa, West Palm Beach, Atlanta, Nashville, Houston, Greenville and Spartanburg, South Carolina and Mobile, Alabama. Ive met with clients of varying sizes and industries, and customer sentiment remains positive. Many customers experienced record revenues in 2018 and are expecting even better results in 2019. In general, our clients do not expect a recession in the near-term and neither do we. That being said, we remain focused on building a balance sheet that will position us for consistent and sustainable performance through all phases of the economic cycle. The outlook for the interest rate environment continues to evolve. clearly, the lower rates and the shape of the yield curve makes near-term revenue growth more challenging for the industry. However, as we did over the last four, five years, we will make the necessary changes and adapt to the evolving market conditions. In the meantime, well continue to focus on the things we can control, providing customers with the quality financial products and services they need, maintaining appropriate risk-adjusted returns, prudently managing our interest rate sensitivity profile, and effectively controlling expenses while continuing to make investments in technology and talent. Again, we are pleased with our financial results this quarter. Our focus on continuous improvement remains key to our ability to generate consistent and sustainable long-term performance. With that, Ill now turn the call over to David.
David Turner: Thank you, John. Lets begin on Slide 3 with average loans and deposits. Adjusted average loans increased 2% over the prior quarter, driven by broad-based growth and the business lending portfolio, and relatively stable balances across a consumer lending portfolio. Once again, all three areas within our corporate banking group experienced broad-based loan growth across industries and geographic markets. adjusted average business loan growth was led by a 4% increase in adjusted commercial and industrial loans, where growth was driven by our diversified specialized lending and REIT lending portfolios. Average investor real estate loans grew 8% in the first quarter, while average owner-occupied commercial real estate loans declined 4%. both were impacted by a reclassification of approximately $345 million of senior assisted living balances from owner-occupied commercial real estate to investor real estate at the end of last year. Excluding the impact of this reclassification, average investor real estate loans increased approximately 3% driven by growth in term real estate lending, which is consistent with our strategic initiative to achieve better balance between term and construction lending. As John noted, a 160 basis point increase in line utilization also significantly contributed to this quarters loan growth. With respect to consumer, adjusted average loans remained relatively stable as growth in indirect-other consumer and credit card portfolios was offset by a decline in home equity lending. Average mortgage loans remained relatively stable. However, the sale of $167 million of affordable housing residential mortgage loans late in the first quarter, will impact second quarter average balances. Despite solid growth this quarter, we continue to expect full year 2019 adjusted average loan growth in the low single digits. And with respect to deposits, we continue to execute a deliberate strategy focusing on growing low-cost consumer and relationship-based wealth and business services deposits. Total average deposits increased 1% during the quarter, reflecting 1% growth in consumer and 2% growth in corporate, partially offset by declines in wealth and other. Importantly, our bankers continuing to grow new consumer checking accounts and consumer households as well as corporate deposit accounts and total wealth relationships. Lets take a closer look at the composition of our deposit base. To protect our deposit advantage, we continue to execute strategies to ensure we are effectively serving our customers. These strategies facilitated growth in interest bearing checking, money market and time deposits at the end of last year, which contributed to total average deposit growth this quarter. Increasing deposit rates combined with overall deposit growth and portfolio remixing drove an increase in total deposit costs this quarter to 46 basis points. Despite the increase, we remain well-positioned relative to peers, further illustrating the significant funding advantage provided by our deposit base. Our cumulative interest bearing deposit beta increased to 25% this quarter. assuming no additional rate increases from the Federal Reserve, we expect a through the cycle deposit beta in the low 30% range. Retail deposits include consumer and private wealth deposits. Our cumulative retail interest bearing deposit beta increased to 10% this quarter, while our cumulative consumer deposit beta remained low at just 6%. As previously noted, a portion of this quarters loan growth was funded with commercial deposits contributing to additional pressure on overall deposit costs. However, we remain committed to our long-term return targets and we will continue to optimize both sides of the balance sheet. So, lets look at how this impacted our results. Net interest income decreased 1% over the prior quarter and net interest margin decreased two basis points to 3.53, both net interest income and margin benefited from higher market interest rates offset by higher funding cost, including the impact from our January parent company debt issuance. Net interest income also benefited from higher average loan balances, both negatively impacted by two fewer days in the quarter. Net interest margin, however benefited from fewer days, but was negatively impacted by average commercial loan growth. In the current interest rate environment, growth and net interest income and margin will be driven by balance sheet growth and business mix. With respect to net interest margin, rates consistent with the current yield curve and moderate balance sheet growth is expected to generate a relatively stable to modestly lower full-year margin, implying moderate margin compression for the rest of 2019. With that said, we continue to expect full-year adjusted revenue growth of 2% to 4%. With respect to fee revenue, adjusted non-interest income increased 4% this quarter compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Significant asset valuation declines in the fourth quarter associated with market volatility improved in the first quarter. Variable market value adjustments on total employee benefit assets increased $19 million while also contributing to an $11 million increase in bank-owned life insurance income. The increase in bank-owned life insurance also included the additional claims income compared to the prior quarter. As we look forward, we are taking actions to reduce future volatility associated with certain of these assets. Service charges and card and ATM fees declined 5% and 2% respectively reflecting seasonality and fewer days in the quarter. Capital markets income decreased 16% attributable to lower loan syndication income and fees generated from the placement of permanent financing for real estate customers, partially offset by an increase in merger and acquisition advisory services, and higher revenues associated with debt underwriting. As you know, capital markets income can be volatile for quarter to quarter. However, we do expect an increase in the second quarter. mortgage production and sales revenue increased compared to the prior quarter. However, total mortgage income decreased 10% primarily due to lower hedging and valuation adjustments on residential mortgage servicing rights. Other non-interest come includes an $8 million gain associated with a sale of $167 million of affordable housing residential mortgage loans late in the first quarter. In addition, fourth quarter other non-interest income included a net $3 million decline in the value of certain equity investments and a $5 million loss associated with impairment or disposal of lease assets. Lets move on to expenses, which we believe were well-controlled in the quarter. On an adjusted basis, non-interest expense increased 1% compared to the fourth quarter, primarily due to a 2% increase in salaries and benefits reflecting higher payroll taxes as well as an increase in expense associated with Visa Class B shares sold in a prior year. Partially offsetting these increases, occupancy expense decreased 5% primarily due to fourth quarters storm-related charges associated with Hurricane Michael. Furniture and equipment expense decreased 7% primarily due to a benefit in property taxes recorded during the quarter and professional fees decreased 26% driven primarily by a reduction in consulting fees. The adjusted efficiency ratio was 58.3% and the effective tax rate was approximately 21%. For the full year, we continue to expect relatively stable adjusted expenses and an effective tax rate between 20% and 22%. lets shift to asset quality. in line with our expectations, asset quality remained stable while continuing to normalize this quarter. Net charge-offs improved 8 basis points to 0.38% of our average loans. including the impact of loan growth, the provision for loan losses exceeded net charge-offs resulting in an allowance equal to 1.01% of total loans and 163% of total non-accrual loans. Total delinquent loans decreased $102 million as loans 30 to 89 days past due decreased $106 million while loans 90 days or more past due increased modestly. total non-performing loans excluding loans held for sale increased 2 basis points to 0.62% of loans outstanding. business services criticized and troubled debt restructured loans increased $197 million and $27 million respectively. These results include the recently concluded Shared National Credit exam. While overall asset quality remains within our stated risk appetite, volatility in certain credit metrics can be expected. We continue to expect full-year net charge-offs in the 40 to 50 basis point range. So, let me give you some brief comments related to capital and liquidity. During the quarter, the company repurchased 12.2 million shares of common stock for a total of $190 million through open market purchases and declared $142 million in dividends to common shareholders. We continue to execute our 2018 capital plan that as you know, were not required to participate in the 2019 CCAR process. However, we were required to provide our updated planned capital actions to the federal Reserve in early April. These planned capital actions, which remained subject to approval by our Board of Directors, provide a path for us to achieve our targeted 9.5% common equity Tier 1 ratio this year. At quarter-end, the loan deposit ratio remained unchanged at 88% and the company continued to be fully compliant with liquidity coverage ratio rule. Our full-year 2019 expectations provided at Investor Day remained unchanged and are summarized on this slide for your reference. So in summary, we are pleased with our first quarter financial results. Despite market uncertainties, we are focused on things we can control. We have a solid strategic plan and are committed to achieving our 2019 and long-term targets. With that, were happy to take your questions, but do ask that you limit them to one primary and one follow-up question. We will now open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
John Turner: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks. David, just on your comments about the outlook for the changing rate environment and the potential pressures that brings forth, can you talk through where that manifests itself the most? Is it the investment portfolio? is it loan spreads? And if you could go back a little bit further into that ability to kind of remix those deposits as you move through the year? Thanks.
David Turner: Sure, Ken. So yes, weve looked at the rate environment clearly changed, since going into the year, not anything different than weve experienced before as we showed you at Investor Day. We had a three-year outlook, if rates were lower than we thought and we adapted and overcame that and well do it again this time. As we think about rates, from a reinvestment standpoint, we still have a front book, back book benefit, is not as much as it was originally. But we still benefit from that. In this particular quarter, we had a couple of things that impacted us. We had loan growth that was a little stronger than we had anticipated with 160 basis point increase in line utilization. We had to fund that and we chose to fund that with higher cost deposits versus going to the wholesale market. So, if you look at deposit betas, that caused our deposit base to be up. our overall funding beta is kind of in line with peers. But we thought that was the right thing to do. The loans that we put on were a little center spread, which puts a little pressure on our margin. The margin actually was impacted by our parent company Danish once we had in the first quarter, as well as a reclassification of purchasing card assets that dont carry any interest carry. those two things were two basis points of margin in the quarter. So, as we look forward, what we need to do is continue to remix the balance sheet both on the loan side and the deposit side as we seek to optimize both levels to get our net interest income, where we want being in the resulting margin. I will go ahead and answer the question, because its probably coming up that our margin expectation for the year, we believe to be a commensurate with what we had last year in the 3.50 range, give or take a point or two. So, thats kind of how we see the rates and our expectations for the year.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Okay. And then one follow-up on the loans. Youve reiterated that with a good start to the loan growth, the adjusted loan growth. Can you give us an idea of just the summary of the non-core, the combination of the auto stuff and then the new ones you sold than what you expect that would be on the full year? Thanks, David.
David Turner: Yes. So were still guiding on the adjusted loans with cards out the runoff portfolios to be in the low single digits. Youll see some of the remixing there. A little bit of that growth that you saw in the first quarter where companies that have access to the capital markets that chose to come to the bank market, because its cheaper. We expect that to change over time and so you should expect some runoff there. And well refill that still to get our low single digit  low single-digit growth. The auto book continues to run down. Well be in the $700 million, $800 million range on those runoff portfolios.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore.
John Turner: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Yes. Good morning. John, on that point, on the deposit and margin commentary there, given the loan growth you saw on the quarter, you said it came in a little bit better, why did you make the decision to fund that growth with higher cost funding versus a deposit?
John Turner: What we  what I said was we chose to have  fund that with higher cost deposits versus wholesale funding, because the deposit growth was cheaper than what funding was. What I was trying to address is the deposit beta was negatively impacted, because of that decision. If you look at our total funding beta, our total funding beta was fairly consistent with the peers. So, its just a mix of what we chose to fund that growth with versus what somebody else might have done.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you. And I misunderstood that. I just wanted to get clarity on that, okay. And then separately, around the loan growth expectation for the year and that you expect it to slow from here; could you just talk about some of the give and takes, what you think will drive to the net moderation off of this level versus any incremental, strengthening on the commercial side for example.
David Turner: Yes. So, as John mentioned in his comments, we feel good about  our customers feel good about the economy and theyre continuing to borrow. We had and that increase we saw part of that this first quarter. Again, were  customers we believe have access, we know have access to the capital markets that chose to use their bank lines of credit to give them more flexibility in terms of timing on when they would go to the capital market system. Its just a matter of time before that happens. So, were going to see those loans run out of the bank as we continue to grow consistent with our expectations at the beginning of the year. So, when you get net-net to the end of the year, we think net loan growth is still on that single, the low single digits.
John Pancari: Okay. thanks, David. And one last thing on credit, could you just give us a bit of color about around the drivers of the higher classified in special mentioned loans. And then I guess your thought around the longer-term loan loss reserve level of here. I know it stands around 1.01%, I wanted to get your thoughts on where that could trend to?
Barb Godin: Certainly, John. Its Barb Godin. relative to criticized and classified in terms of those numbers, thats attributable to really two or three credits that moved over, and given the lows that were on, its simply starting to slowly normalize. Also recall that our results include the results of the recently completed Shared National Credits survey or credit exam. So thats all encompassing. We dont see any trends in there that were looking at that concern us at all at this point. And in terms of our loan loss reserve, were sitting at one-on-one; we think that area 1% one-on-one is probably the right number as we look forward as well until we get the seasonal next year.
John Pancari: Got it. Thank you, Barb.
David Turner: Yes. John, I would just reiterate that I think we still feel very good about our credit metrics. As Barb said, were really a better than 10 year lows in terms of criticized, classified, non-performing loans. And so from time to time, were going to see a little movement up or down I think in those metrics in this particular quarter, as Barb mentioned, we had one or two credits and impacted both criticized loans and non-performing loans. And so given the low base were coming off, I think youre going to see some back and forth there, over the coming quarters as credit begins to normalize a bit, but we feel still feel very good about our credit quality.
John Pancari: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hey, good morning.
David Turner: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. I just had a question on your capital target. I know you mentioned that with the expectation that you have for buybacks this coming year, you should be able to get to 9.5% target seats you won. Im just wondering if given the proposal the Fed has for, its NPR thats outstanding out there for banks to your side, would you be at all rethinking the target seats you won at any point or is that something that you think you need to have it as high as 9.5% going forward?
David Turner: Yes, Betsy. We had mentioned at Investor Day that mathematically, our capital that we think we need based on the risk profile that we have, would lead one to a common equity Tier 1 of 9%. And we said to our  those attending and listen that we added another 50 basis points of cushion on that. We believe that that capital level one provides the proper capital we need to have plus a little bit. Wow, allowing us to get to our return expectations that we also laid out, so that those targets were not derived based on supervisory input or CCAR mechanism. So, I dont see that changing at all. As you know, we have to get through the second quarter, which is based on last year submission. And then the third quarter, well start  were not under CECL, but itll start our capital planning and thats why we have confidence. We will get to our 9.5% by then. And well have  well be able to toggle between loan growth and share buybacks as we seek to manage the capital at that level.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Since the teams are very  theres a lot of cushion in there. So, Im wondering, maybe it reflects the view that you feel your portfolio might be a little more risky than peers or youre just superconservative.
David Turner: Well, as I mentioned our math, based on our risk profile would lead you to 9. We choose to have an extra 50 basis points in there, which we think gives us flexibility, especially as you think about, where we are in a 10 year run. And if the county were turned down, we have the ability to perhaps take advantage of some opportunities that might come our way to invest in the assets. they could give us growth. So, its  we think inappropriate amount of cushion, because it didnt weigh us down from our return objectives and gives us that flexibility. So thats why we do it.
Betsy Graseck: Yes, I got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
David Turner: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the comments on capital actions. So, if we filled in the template that the Fed distributed or getting to about a max preapproved capital action of about 2.15 billion for 3Q 2019 to 2Q 2020. And Im wondering if thats a ballpark with how your team calculated the template?
David Turner: Well, I think, again, the way we want you to get there is by looking at our target of common equity tier 1 of 9.5%. We think that the toggle we have to think through on buyback is whats loan growth going to look like. Now weve said we wanted to pay out a dividend in the 35% to 45% of a range that uses a piece of it of earnings. and then the rest of it is either going to be used for loan growth or its going for the most part or were going to buy shares back. So, trying to now stipulate exactly what the buybacks going to be is when we dont think its necessary as much because were giving you what the end results going to be. So you have to  you have to come up with your expectation of what our loan growth is going to be and itll help you get your buyback number.
Erika Najarian: I met all-in. Okay. And just taking a step back, you unveiled a mid-term efficiency ratio of 55% or below during your Investor Day. And of course, the curve dynamics have gotten less friendly since, Im wondering, as we think through the next few years, is there that much expense leverage left, to be able to get you to this target of less than 55% by 2021. Would this type of curve backdrop or are we underestimating some of the investments that youre making that could boost revenue beyond rates beyond 2019?
David Turner: Yes, Erika. I would say its combination of both. First of all, were committed to the 55% efficiency ratio by the end of 2021 and we believe we have appropriate levers both in terms of revenue growth from investments were making and opportunities to reduce expenses to be reinvested in additional initiatives that will help generate revenue growth to get to the 55% efficiency ratio. Were absolutely committed to get there.
Erika Najarian: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
David Turner: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: Hi. Im wondering where do market rates have to go to fly it out than them. obviously, youre guiding to flattish to them on a full-year basis, but trickling down from the 1Q level. And then just conceptually, and I realized that 10 year is not the only right that matters, but whats kind of the break-even point on the 10 year, where it does fly now that this kind of 3.53 that this is trickled down?
David Turner: Well, if you just think about the 10 year just on reinvestment that securitys book. So, were coming off a 2.70-ish range, reinvesting in the 2.90, the 3% range. So, were getting some lift, just reinvesting those cash flows over the near-term. Its really not curved dynamics as much that drives versus the mix of what we put on both on the right and the left side of the balance sheet. So, I think you could have  you could be where rates are in the curve can look, where it is now and depending on what your choices are would depend on whether or not you can continue to grow an NII resulting margin or whether it stays flat. Were looking to optimize our balance sheet for not only NIM, but net interest income growth, return, credit risk management, all that has to work together. And again, weve laid out our three-year expectations and our one-year expectation and we intend to kid all of that. So, there are a lot of moving parts that you have to deal with. And its thats a hard one to explain.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. No, I understand. I think whats changed versus a few months ago is the rate environment versus I think your strategy, so  and obviously, rates, they move around and were up to 20 bps off the bottom and maybe, two months from now, well be 20 bps higher and were up about
David Turner: Yes, Matt. Id add, our expectation for that rates were going to go down at some point, which is why we began our hedging program over a year ago. As weve mentioned, were about 70  were about 75% through our hedging program right now. And we did that in large part with forward starting swaps to begin in 2020 as we expected GDP to decline to 2.5% in 2019, 2% in 2020 and 1% in 2021. And that the probability of rate cuts would increase in 2020 and 2021 and we wanted to be protected there. What youre seeing of late as a reversal from the Fed? And it put more pressure on not getting, not only not getting an increase this year, but having some probability of a cut this year, which we dont think will happen by the way. And so that thats really, where were more exposed as if there were cut right now. Again, well take that risk, because we dont believe thatll happen.
John Turner: The other point, I guess I make just if I might on, a balance sheet optimization is weve indicated we think that loan growth will begin to moderate a bit. At the same time, our core deposit base continues to grow very consistently. Consumer demand deposits grew over 4% last year. Theyre growing for the seventh year in a row point to point up about 7%. We see growth in consumer savings, consumer checking continues to grow. And so thats a more consistent to lever an increase in deposits that will occur over time and as that catches up with loan growth, which will be moderating. We have an opportunity to also optimize our deposit base and we think that will accrue to our benefit.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. I guess the optimization and the mix that youre talking about, I thought it would have been beneficial from them.
John Turner: Yes.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. But the combination of that and where we are in rates still causes its trickled down a little bit.
David Turner: Well, I think you can ask some noise in the interim. Again, were at 3.53, we said wed be at 3.50 for the year give or take a foreigner too. And its going to be dependent on how well we optimize and the 10 year has moved quite rapidly, its gone from 3.50 to almost 3.60. Were down a little bit this morning. So, if we continued  the 10 year continues to move up a little bit, then the reinvestment helps us to increase, net interest income and helps us from a margin standpoint.
Matt O'Connor: Got it. And then if you dont mind, I just want to squeeze in the line utilization increase of 160 basis point, was that concentrated in like a handful of credit and if not, I guess what makes you think its going to decline so much to if you dont meaningfully slow the loan growth? It was so good this quarter. Thank you.
David Turner: Yes, Matt. Ill ask Ronnie Smith, who heads our Corporate Bank to answer the question. Ron?
Ronald Smith: Yes, Matt. It was very broad-based. It was not in a handful of clients and really focused in on most of our higher quality clients that I think David mentioned earlier that have access to other markets and were anticipating that well see changes with those advance rates as we go forward, but very broad-based across the industries and within geographies as well.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
David Turner: Good morning, Jennifer.
Jennifer Demba: Thank you. And hi, good morning. Question on credit, Barb. Two questions. First of all, I assume youre running parallel right now. Im wondering if you have any preliminary estimates on what the day one impact will be for CECL. And my second question is on your criticized leverage loans that slide was very helpful in the deck. Is there any industry concentration within those criticized leverage credits? Thats it.
Barb Godin: First question on CECL is, yes, we are in the midst of doing a lot of work, running parallel, making sure our models are operating the way they need to et cetera. Well probably disclose something in the second quarter, but were not quite ready to do that yet on the CECL front. Relative to the leverage loans et cetera, theres nothing that sticks out in terms of anything thats an anomaly. So, a pretty good book.
David Turner: Just for clarification, I think in our second quarter release, probably well provide some information on the third quarter  third quarter release, day one impact. So, were still a ways off.
John Turner: Itll be in the third quarter release something. Yes. We want to run parallel for a couple of quarters to see what it looks like.
Jennifer Demba: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
David Turner: Good morning, Marty.
Marty Mosby: David, I wanted to  hey, good morning. Id talk to you a little bit about NII versus net interest margin. When you had a little bit of extra loan growth this quarter and then you went out and funded it, I mean you literally could have funded it through the securities portfolio, which would have increased your NIM, just by substituting higher rate assets, loans being investment securities. So, I think the temporary nature of what you did or thought your loan growth is going to have and the sense of the run up, its going to come back down. You just went out and funded it, which incrementally caused some pressure on your net interest margin. And if you look at NII is still growing relatively nice year-over-year, but you have the day count in the first quarter. So, it just seems like to me the margin this quarter was exacerbated just given all in the incremental funding of the balance sheet.
David Turner: Yes, Marty. So, the NIM to us is the result of all things that we do. And youre exactly right, but we put on, we want to be fixated at our NIM and then we could have done different things. I do want to make sure if I caught the fact that our NIM was impacted 1 basis point by our parent company issuance. And then we had the reclassification of our purchasing card into loans, which is a non-interest bearing asset. So that weighted us down another point. So, we could have kept the margin relatively stable at 3.55, but we were able to keep NII level, not withstanding two days, which caused us $10 million in the quarter. So, we thought it was pretty good. Again, well optimize the balance sheet and those loans that we did put certain of those loans we put on had thinner spreads to them. Theyll run out to the capital markets, well get a capital market fee when that happens, well remix the balance sheet and well be off to the races. So, were not overly fixated on the margin.
Marty Mosby: Well thats what I thought. And then when you thought, you talked about a deposit betas and you said that through the cycle or the key motivator right now is about 25% and you said by the time were done, were going to be at 30%. now that would, in general assume that you had further rate hikes that then were going to push deposit rates up. But if we kind of stabilize here and rates dont go up anymore, lets just assume that they dont, wouldnt deposit pricing, maybe with a little bit, till increase in the second quarter began to kind of flatten out. So, I just want to make sure were being consistent with that. How much of the excess you expected in deposit pricing going forward?
David Turner: Yes. So, what our history tells us is that it takes about 12 months and change after the last Fed hike for deposit rates to stop moving. So thats a piece of this thats usually just even if we dont get another increase, youll see that continuing to come through. Mix has a big deal to do with it too. So as we continue to grow low-cost core checking accounts and interest freak accounts, thats helpful. but our commercial customers want to, theyre trying to take their excess cash and get the best yield that they can. If rates stop moving, that will abate to. So moving up into the 30s, we can argue, where in the 30s, we might end up. The point is were going to continue to see some costs, some funding costs, increases continuing to come through that we need to deal with. And we have a little bit of the headwind on reinvestment on the left side of the balance sheet. And then the optimizations really will carry the day for us.
Marty Mosby: And then I guess the thing that I would suggest or highlight is that this deposit beta market has not been like any historical period weve seen in the past. Its been a lot different and its actually reacted much better than what weve seen in the past. So, why shouldnt we expect that maybe we could see this thing slowed down or actually begin to flatten out a lot quicker given that the deposit beta has been better than what weve seen in the past cycles?
David Turner: Well, youre certainly correct that is different. Betas last time were in the 60 range and now were talking in the 30 range. And part of that is because of how slow the recovery has been and the pace of those increases. Also coming off historic lows and so I think all that matters and there is a chance that things flatten out quicker than we have anticipated. if that happens, then were going to be better off than we think. And wed much rather give you a number that we  that we can hit versus trying to promise something that will struggle achieving.
Marty Mosby: And then just last question, the swaps next year, is there any net increase in earnings from the spread lock, enough freights were flat given the fixed rate that you locked in? Is there a  there should be a little bit of a positive spread. So, I was just curious if theres some upcoming income that youre going to get out of those swaps once they actually hit the four dates. And when does that actually happen? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. So, the forward dates are in 20 and youre right, we would have some positive carry there, but we  we also entered into some interest rate floors, where you had to pay a premium and you amortize the premium. So, the amortization unfortunately offsets the swap benefit. So, again, if rates didnt move from here, we kind of pushed there. So, you wont see any real positive carry.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Scouten of Sandler O'Neill.
Stephen Scouten: Hey, good morning everyone.
David Turner: Good morning.
Stephen Scouten: Im curious, just digging down in the name a little bit further, obviously Investor Day, you laid out this range of 3.40 to 3.70 and by the commentary from you, David, that  we might get to 3.50 for the year implies that the NIM will move into high 3.40s by year-end. So, can you talk to me a little bit about how that lower end, even on a zero policy range scenario would only get down to 3.40 and maybe whats  what dynamics have changed since 2016 when we were at 3.15, 3.16 that sort of range?
David Turner: Yes. So part of which  what we want to do is try to frame up the range at Investor Day like we did. And what changed since then was the near-term risk before our forward starting swaps began in 2020. So even if you saw a dip in 2019, we actually start recovering that in 2020 when our derivatives kick in. So thats the piece that gives us confidence that were still within the range that we told you back then. If we received a rank cut in 2019, that would  wed have a different ballgame. Wed be telling you something different. We just dont think the probability is very high than that happens. So, anyway, thats
Stephen Scouten: Yes. Thats a perfect answer. Thank you. And the swaps are really what prevents you from getting down into those levels we saw back in 2016, even if we were to revert back to a similar rate environment.
David Turner: Thats exactly right.
Stephen Scouten: Okay. And then just lastly on the securitys book, is there any chance that you guys look to reduce that as a percentage of average earning assets to fund some of the growth or is that kind of 22% range, where youd like to stay?
David Turner: I think there, we have a little bit in there thats helping part of our hedging program right now that works against us again on our margin. Its not a tremendously large number. We kind of like, where we are from that standpoint. I think what you should expect over time as a remixing of our securitys book, kind of today, we still have treasuries and Ginnie Maes in there that we used for LCR purposes. And to the extent that that changes, then maybe we can put those, working a little more effectively force into mortgage backs. So, youll see us do that from time to time. As a matter of fact, you saw us take security loss as of this quarter to pair off with a gain that we had on selling the affordable mortgage loans. So that we could get better carry going forward and well pay for that in less than a year. So, those are the kinds of things you should expect us to do over time.
Stephen Scouten: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Saul Martinez of UBS.
Saul Martinez: Hey guys. A quick  I just wanted to follow up on the line of questioning on the deposit betas and actually, just wanted to make sure I understand the math kind, what you guys are saying, So, the 25%  the 25% through the cycle Beta thus far basically implies that your deposit costs have moved up in the neighborhood of about 55 basis points given where the Fed funds is that right now. if I assume no further hikes and you get to the low 30s, that implies an additional 15 to 20 basis points of deposit cost pressure over the next 12 months. Is my math more or less, right? Is that what youre kind of baking into that at assumption?
David Turner: Yes. I think youre close  just probably closer to 10. But were at 46 basis points of costs, one of the lowest. So, when you start looking at beta and percentages, you get, you can get some odd numbers, but we feel, we feel like, again, back to, I think as Marty asked a question if we miss it, were going to outperform what were telling you.
Saul Martinez: Its closer. Im sorry, its closer to 10 basis points is what youre kind of baking in, in terms of incremental deposit cost pressure without any further hikes?
David Turner: Thats right. Thats right.
Saul Martinez: Is that on total deposit or interest bearing?
David Turner: Those are really more interest bearing.
Saul Martinez: Interest bearing. Okay. Want to make sure I got that math. And then I guess on the  just a broader question, the 2% to 4% revenue, I say, youve talked about NIMs and NIM was sort of stabilizing at 3% to 5% for the full year  of being at 3% to 5% for the full year, but in the 2% to 4% revenue growth, how do we think about that in terms of NII growth versus fee growth?
David Turner: We kind of put those together, Saul at this time, because there  obviously, theres challenges in terms of managing earning assets in the mix and all that. So, we put that together with NIR, were still convicted that will be within 2% to 4%. Right now, there is more pressure on the NII component of that, but not enough that would cause us to not meet that, that goal that we had.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Right. Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Your final question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Good afternoon. How are you, John and David?
David Turner: Hey, Gerard. Fine.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys give us a little further color on the portfolio of the breakout that you showed on leverage loans and then the Shared National Credits; are you comfortable with these levels or were talking a year from now these numbers going to be much different than they are today?
John Turner: No, I dont think so, Gerard, and not let maybe far, speak as well, but I think weve established some internal limits, just as we have concentration limits for lots of other aspects of do we manage risk in our portfolio and were at a level with respect to leverage lending that were comfortable with. We expect to continue to manage to about the level that were at. I think the most risky exposure weve talked about before in the portfolio has been loans to sponsor own companies. We brought that down from kind of the mid-30% to somewhere in the 26%, 27% range as Id recall. And well continue to work on that to ensure that the leverage exposure that we do have is to customers that we have full relationships with that its in industries that we know well is distributed across a variety of different industries. So, we dont have any real concentrated exposure by industry sector either. And I think we do feel comfortable with it, but Ill let Barb respond to that question as well.
Barb Godin: I think youve done a great job responding, John.
John Turner: Thank you.
Barb Godin: The only thing I have to add is just as you said; these are to our best quality CNI customers that we do leverage lending to in particular. So, we are very comfortable with them. We look at them on a regular basis. We look at the book on a monthly basis and we recycled. If we see something that either is not carrying its weight or that we feel that thats probably a good opportunity for us to move out of. We take immediate action on it. So again, Im feeling very good with that book.
Gerard Cassidy: Im just curious, Barb, do you recall during the last downturn what the non-NPL percentage was for leverage loans for regions, where we could dig it up, but if you dont?
Barb Godin: Yes. Well have to dig it up; we dont have it at the top of my head.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. Im not expecting that. Okay. Im not expecting that to be the same this time. But I was just curious and maybe, coming back to you, John. At Investor Day, you talked about the expansion into some priority markets in St. Louis, I believe, Atlanta, Orlando, Houston, can you share with us how that is progressing and how do we, as outsiders, determine whether youre being successful in those markets?
John Turner: Well, we think its progressing well. We have about 40 de novo branches that have  that are now open and operating I guess for less than a year, largely across those markets. We continue to reposition our retail franchise as an example in St. Louis as we shift that franchise and we shared this with you at Investor Day, I think we now have access to 10% more households, more wealth, more businesses. The same would be true as we think about the expansion in Atlanta. I think we now have access to more than a million, more or nearly million more customer households, businesses and wealth. And so those opportunities continue to be available to us. The year-over-year checking growth, about 15% of our growth is attributable to de novos. And so  and well continue to look for ways to provide you all with some information like a percentage of growth attributable to de novos as an example. thatll give you some sense of how were doing. I think, again, core to our strategy is looking for ways to continue to grow our core customer base. So, as were growing consumer checking accounts, as were growing debit cards usage, as were growing credit cards on the consumer side, as were growing small business accounts and small business deposit balances, those should be indicators to you that, that our expansion strategy is gaining some traction. Were recruiting talent in those markets and feel good about the teams we continue to build. all-in-all, I think, well  were going to continue it to on the path to execute that strategy.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you.
John Turner: Thank you.
David Turner: Let me  this is David. I just want to clean up one thing. So, I think as Saul had asked a question about the impact of beta going into the 30, I said  and we said more like 10 points on and I said, interest bearing thats a total, it shouldnt be total. So, I want to clean that up.
John Turner: Okay. I think thats all the questions we had today. Really appreciate your time. appreciate your interest in regions and thank you very much. Have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Angie, and I'll be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants' phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Angie. Welcome to Regions fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. John Turner will provide highlights of our financial performance, and David Turner will take you through an overview of the quarter. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and earnings supplement, are available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Our forward-looking statements disclosure and non-GAAP reconciliations are included in the appendix of today's presentation and within our SEC filings. These cover our presentation materials, prepared comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of today's call. With that, I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana. Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying we're very pleased with our fourth quarter and full-year 2018 results. We reported record full-year earnings from continuing operations of $1.5 billion, reflecting an increase of 28% compared to the prior year. Importantly, we grew loans, net interest income, noninterest income, and households. We delivered positive operating leverage and markedly improved efficiency. Of note, adjusted pre-tax pre-provision income increased to its highest level in over a decade. David will cover the details in a moment. I'm very proud to announce we effectively achieved all of our 2018 targets, as well as our long-term targets laid out at Investor Day in 2015. We achieved these targets despite a market backdrop that was significantly different than we anticipated. It's important to note our financial accomplishments took place against a backdrop of substantial transformation for the Company. In 2018, we successfully navigated significant leadership changes and undertook one of the most significant organizational realignments in the Company's history. With most of the organizational changes behind us, we have intensified our focus on building a culture of continuous improvement, improvements which reflect our efforts to make banking easier for our customers and associates, accelerate revenue growth, and drive greater efficiency and effectiveness. These efforts include investments in technology where we've expanded the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning. As of year-end, we rolled out Zelle, giving our customers industry leading person-to-person payments capabilities. We also rolled out our new e-signature platform, completing our first end-to-end, fully digital consumer loan closings. With respect to markets, recent volatility has only heightened our focus on the fundamentals of our business and things that we can control, providing customers with quality advice, guidance and financial solutions, while maintaining appropriate risk-adjusted returns and unwavering credit discipline. On that note, recent credit quality continues to reflect a relatively strong economy and is performing within our stated risk appetite. Total non-performing, criticized and troubled debt restructured loans all continued to decline in the fourth quarter, while net charge-offs increased. The increase in net charge-offs is driven by higher consumer net charge-offs attributable to fourth quarter seasonality, continued normalization and an expected increase associated with growth in consumer indirect categories. As we talk to our customers, they feel good about their businesses and remain encouraged about their outlook for 2019. On the retail side, consumer sentiment is also positive as unemployment remains low and wages continue to increase. As we enter 2019 and our next three-year strategic plan period, our goal is to generate consistent and sustainable long-term performance. We achieved meaningful progress over the past year as we worked to create a more efficient and effective organization. We have a variety of work streams still in progress and believe we're only beginning to realize the benefits that will ultimately be derived from our efforts. With that, I'll now turn it over to David.
David Turner: Thank you, John, and good morning. Let's begin on slide three with average loans. Adjusted average loans increased 1% over the prior quarter, driven by broad-based growth across consumer and business lending portfolios. On a full-year basis, adjusted average loan growth was 2%, in line with our expectations of low-single-digits. Once again, all three areas within our corporate banking group, which include large corporate, middle market commercial, and real estate, experience broad-based loan growth across our geographic markets. Total average loan growth was led by C&I where well-diversified growth was driven by our specialized lending, government and institutional businesses, and REIT lending portfolios. In addition, the investor real estate portfolio grew 3%, driven by growth in term real estate lending, primarily within the office and industrial property types. Average owner-occupied commercial real estate loans declined modestly. There's been a lot of industry focus on leverage lending of late. We define leverage lending primarily as commitments exceeding $10 million where leverage as a multiple of EBITDA or cash flow exceeds 3 times for senior debt and 4 times for total debt. These credits are subject to enhanced underwriting and monetary standards. The portfolio is well-diversified and aligned to our specialized industry verticals with dedicated teams of bankers, underwriters, credit officers, and enterprise valuation specialists. During the fourth quarter, these outstanding balances declined modestly. With respect to consumer lending, loan growth remained consistent across most categories, led by indirect other consumer as well as increases in residential mortgage and consumer credit card lending. Consistent with forecasted GDP growth, we expect to grow full-year 2019 adjusted average loans in the low single digits. Let's move on to deposits. We continue to execute a deliberate strategy to optimize our deposit base by focusing on growing low-cost consumer and relationship base business services deposits, while reducing certain higher costs retail brokered and trust collateralized sweep deposits. Total average deposits declined less than 1% compared to the third quarter. However, ending balances increased $1.2 billion or 1% as we've experienced success growing interest-bearing checking, money market and time deposit balances. Importantly, our bankers continue to grow new consumer households, wealth relationships, and corporate customers. On a full-year basis, average deposits, excluding retail brokered and wealth institutional services deposits, decreased less than 1%, in line with our expectation of relatively stable. Our large, stable deposit base continues to provide a significant funding advantage. Cumulative deposit betas through the current rising rate cycle remained low at 18%. Fourth quarter deposit betas increased modestly to 39%. This supports a low, cumulative overall funding beta of 22%. Our large retail deposit franchise differentiates us in the marketplace and positions us to maintain lower deposit and total funding costs relative to peers. So, let's see how this impacted our results. Net interest income increased 2% over the prior quarter and net interest margin increased 5 basis points to 3.55%. On a full-year basis, adjusted net interest income grew 5.4%, in line with our expectation of 5% to 6%. Both net interest income and margin benefited from higher market interest rates, partially offset by higher funding costs. Net interest income also benefited from higher average loan balances. So, lets take a look at fee revenue. Adjusted non-interest income decreased 7% from the third quarter. Service charges increased 3% and capital markets income increased 11%. The increase in capital markets income was primarily attributable to higher loan syndication income, fees generated from the placement of permanent financing for real estate customers and merger and acquisition advisory services, partially offset by lower customer swap income. Swap income declined approximately $6 million in the quarter, entirely due to negative market value adjustments at year-end. Offsetting these increases, market volatility in the fourth quarter also drove significant valuation declines in assets held for employee benefits, and negatively impacted bank-owned life insurance income. Revenue associated with market value adjustments on total employee benefit assets decreased $22 million, and bank-owned life insurance income decreased $6 million. Mortgage incomes decreased 6%, primarily due to seasonally lower production and sales revenue, partially offset by higher hedging and valuation adjustments on residential mortgage servicing rights and increased servicing income. Continuing with our strategy to leverage our mortgage servicing advantage and capacity, we completed the purchase of rights to service another $2.7 billion of residential mortgage loans during the fourth quarter. The decrease in the other noninterest income was primarily attributable to a net $3 million decline in the value of certain equity investments in the fourth quarter compared to a net $8 million increase in the third quarter. In addition, $4 million of third quarter leverage lease termination gains did not repeat. On a full-year basis, adjusted noninterest income grew 3.8%. Excluding the impact of fourth quarter market value declines on employee benefit assets, bank-owned life insurance and customer swaps, full-year adjusted noninterest income grew 5.2%, in line with our expectation of 4.5% to 5.5%. Let's take a look at expenses. On an adjusted basis, noninterest expense decreased 1% compared to the third quarter. Excluding the impact of severance charges, salaries and benefits decreased 1%, reflecting the benefit of staffing reductions. This decrease was partially offset by one additional work day in the fourth quarter, and an increase in incentive-based compensation. Professional fees decreased 16%, attributable to lower legal expenses, and FDIC insurance assessments decreased 36%, reflecting the discontinuation of the FDIC surcharge. Partially offsetting these declines, occupancy expense increased 5%, attributable to storm-related charges associated with Hurricane Michael. On a full-year basis, adjusted noninterest expense increased less than 1%, in line with our expectation of relatively stable. Excluding the benefit from market value adjustments on employee benefit assets and the discontinuation of the FDIC surcharge, the increase in adjusted noninterest expense remains less than 1%. We achieved our efficiency target for the full-year adjusted ratio of 59.3%. The adjusted efficiency ratio for the fourth quarter was 58.1%, providing good momentum for 2019 and beyond. We expect full-year 2019 adjusted expenses to remain relatively stable with adjusted 2018 expenses. Additionally, we generated adjusted full-year positive operating leverage of 3.6%, in line with our expectation of 3.5% to 4.5%. The fourth quarter effective tax rate was approximately 17% and reflects favorable retrospective tax accounting method changes and adjustments for certain state tax matters. Full-year effective tax rate was approximately 20%, in line with our expectation of approximately 21%. We do expect the full-year 2019 effective tax rate to be in the 20% to 22% range. Let's move on to asset quality. As John noted, overall asset quality continues to perform in line with our expectations. Total non-performing loans excluding loans held for sale, decreased 0.60% of loans outstanding, the lowest level in over 10 years. Business serves as criticized and troubled debt restructured loans decreased 5% and 14%, respectively. Net charge-offs increased 6 basis points to 0.46% of average loans, driven primarily by seasonality within our consumer portfolios, normalization of consumer charge-offs and the growth in indirect consumer loans. The provision for loan losses approximated net charge-offs and the resulted allowance totaled 1.01% of total loans and 169% of total non-accrual loans. On a full-year basis, adjusted net charge-offs totaled 39 basis points, in line with our expectation of 35 to 50 basis points. Given where we are in the cycle and the continued normalization of certain credit metrics, we expect full-year 2019 net charge-offs to be in the 40 to 50 basis points range. Let me give you some comments on capital and liquidity. During the quarter, the Company repurchased 22 million shares of common stock for total of $370 million and declared $144 million in dividends to common shareholders. On October the 24th, 2018, our accelerated share repurchase agreement transaction closed and final settlement resulted in an additional delivery of 8.75 million shares of common stock on October 29th. This brought the total shares repurchased under the ASR to 37.8 million. The loan-to-deposit ratio at the end of the quarter was 88%. And as of quarter-end, the Company remained fully compliant with the liquidity coverage ratio rule. Slide 11 reflects our 2018 performance against our targets and we've also provided you a select group of full-year 2019 expectations that were previously mentioned throughout the presentation. We will provide additional 2019 and long-term expectations at our Investor Day, next month. So, in summary, we're very pleased with our 2018 financial results, we generated record earnings grew loans, checking accounts, households, wealth relationships and corporate customers. We also generated almost 4% of adjusted positive operating leverage and improved our adjusted efficiency ratio by 210 basis points. As John mentioned, these accomplishments remained while our Company has undergone significant change, changes that have positioned us well for 2019 and beyond. With that, we're happy to take your questions. We do ask that you limit them to one primary and one follow-up question. We will now open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Jennifer Demba with SunTrust.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Steve on for Jennifer.
John Turner: Hello, Steve.
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to talk to you guys about your asset sensitivity. Any plans to hedge away any of this? It seems that that's going to be pausing, and then forward curve is actually looking for a decrease in 2020 right now.
David Turner: Steve, it's David. We continue to look at our asset sensitivity and think about what the rate environment would be. We still are fairly asset sensitive of as little over $100 million over a 12-month period of time. We have put some hedges on, as we've discussed previous quarters that we have forward starting to help us manage what we think the rate environment might look like out a couple of years from here or year and change from here, such that we get to a point where we're getting more neutral at that time. We still think the Fed is going to be [data] [ph] dependent in terms of what they may do on raising rates in the short term. So, we think still be an asset sensitive at the moment is the right place for us to be. And so, we're gauging how much of that we want to take off in the future.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect, thanks. And then, as far as pay-downs in the fourth quarter, how do these compare to the first three quarters of 2018?
John Turner: We didnt see nearly the pay-down activity that we experienced let's say in the first two quarters, which were the most active. I think it was more of a normal quarter, I would characterize it. 
Operator: And your next question is from the line of John McDonald with Bernstein.
John McDonald: Hi. Good morning, guys. I wanted to follow-up on loan growth. We saw the loan growth pick up for the industry in the fourth quarter, number of banks have talked about that kind of accelerating. So, just kind of wondering, did you see this fourth quarter loan growth demand pick up? As you mentioned, the pay-downs were little bit better. And I guess, my follow-up, I'll ask that at the same time. What kind of pipeline momentum do you enter 2019 with? And could you see loan growth be a little stronger for Regions in 19 versus 18? What are the puts and takes that you have in particular as you look at 19? Thanks.
John Turner: We ended the year with really very strong quarter, particularly in the wholesale side of the business. And as a result, you saw an increase in ending loan balances because quite a bit of the activity was toward the end of the year. The loan growth was really well-balanced as we referred to earlier, across most of our segments within industries. We grew our energy, our power and utilities groups, technology and defense, financial services, our government institutional banking group. So, a number of areas where we have specialized expertise across both our corporate and our commercial banking platforms grew during the quarter. Within real estate, we grew our term lending portfolio, which has now been an important strategic initiative of ours. We're beginning to see a much better balance between term lending production and construction originations. And within that category of term lending, we grew office and we grew industrial, broadly across our geographic footprint. So, it was a good quarter, production was up significantly over the prior quarters. As a result of that we ended the year where the pipeline is little softer than we began the fourth quarter with. We're guiding toward low single digit loan growth again, given that we'll have puts and takes within the portfolio. We continue to focus on portfolio optimization, on risk-adjusted returns and improving the quality of the portfolio. And so, we don't expect, John, to grow much more than GDP plus possibly a little. That's our plan. And if we do that, we can achieve all the financial objectives that we set out.
Operator: And your next question is from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt OConnor: Hi. I was just wondering on the service charges, you had real nice growth year-over-year. And remind us if you had any price increases or was the year-ago level depressed or anything?
David Turner: Hey, Matt, its David. No, really not price increases. Service charges have a tendency to follow our account growth, and our focus on growing core checking accounts has really been a hallmark of our franchise, and we continue to see that. And as a result, service charges have responded favorably.
John Turner: Consumer checking growth now is up about 1.3%. And as David says, with that comes service charge activity, debit card usage, and other things, all of which have been very positive.
Matt OConnor: Okay. And then, just quickly on credit quality. The charge-offs did pick up a little bit. I think some of it was coming from home equity. Is there any noise from recent hurricanes that might be distorting that?
John Turner: Let Barb answer that.
Barb Godin: Yes. No, there's very little, if anything that came from the hurricanes this time which we were blessed on. The charge-offs that we saw, the increase between this quarter and last quarter quite frankly was expected, given the seasonality in the consumer portfolio, it reflects our focus in the past several quarters on some of the higher yielding products that we have in consumer. Were getting appropriately paid for the risk. So, again, we feel pretty good about the credit quality.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: I know you're going to provide us more detail in a month and a half or so at your Investor Day. But, I'm wondering as we think about our two-year earnings outlook for Regions, should we look forward to continued efficiency improvement? And can that efficiency improvement occur, even if the revenue environment becomes more challenging than budgeted?
David Turner: Hey, Erika, weve done a pretty good job of managing our expense base as well as growing revenue evidenced through our Simplify and Grow continuous improvement process. That is a journey. Its not program where we continue to look at every aspect of our business in terms of how we can improve every single day. We have a number of projects on the table today that we will continue to benefit from. Clearly, our goal is to improve our efficiency ratio. We have talked about over time getting into the mid-50s. Were going to talk a little bit more about that at our Investor Day, as you mentioned. But clearly, there's aspects of revenue growth and expense management in that. As revenue becomes more challenged, we have to continue to look for ways to get to that efficiency ratio. We feel pretty confident we can get there. And so from a revenue standpoint, if it becomes more challenging, we'll do something else on the expense side.
John Turner: Erika, this is John. Ill just reiterate that commitment to continually improving our efficiency ratio. We think it's fundamental to our long-term performance and to building a consistently performing sustainable bank and that's our intention. So, we are very committed to that.
Erika Najarian: Thank you for that. And my follow-up question is, again, as the market seems to be pricing and set on hold for some time, how should we think about the margin trajectory for 2019 under that scenario? And also, how should we think about the delay in terms of repricing or how long do deposits reprice after the Fed pauses?
David Turner: Yes. I think you will continue to see deposit costs increase, a little lag effect as things go through for the year. We think -- and for the quarter, this quarter coming up, we could be relatively stable, given everything that's going on. We do have tailwinds still from repricing a fixed rate assets, loans and securities that will be coming through this year, about $12 billion repricing. Those repricings benefit us in the call it, 30 to 50 basis-point range, maybe a little better today as we continue to see the 10-year move up a bit. So, from a pause standpoint, we still benefit from our -- what we believe is our competitive advantage, and that's our very-loyal customer deposit base, two-thirds of which is retail. And if you look at our deposit beta and our total funding beta continues to be below peers. So, we think that gives us an opportunity to continue to outperform through 2019 and beyond.
Operator: And your next question is from Saul Martinez with UBS.
John Turner: Good morning, Saul. We lost him.
Saul Martinez: Can you hear me?
John Turner: I can now. Yes, we can now.
Saul Martinez: Sorry about that. I need to learn how to use this fancy technology called the telephone. So, I wanted to ask about fees. How do we think about what the right jump off point is for the fee line? Obviously, you had a lot of moving parts in there with market volatility, the $22 million that you called out, $3 million of equity investments. Is it as simple as just adding those back in, because you kind of have been in sort of that $500 million or $510 million run rate in recent quarters? I mean is that -- is it, should we just kind of add back those items and is that a reasonable way to think about looking on a go forward basis?
John Turner: So, I do think those are things that added those back. We're trying to give you the information where you could do that. Our continued growth in NII -- I mean NIR will come through, if you just look at our core lines, our service charge line continuing to grow along with the account growth that we have. Card and ATM fee is the same way. We continue to grow cards and accounts, more transactions are moving to that mode of payments. So, interchange should continue to improve there as well. We made investments in wealth management this year in the form of hiring wealth advisors; well be doing that to help us grow there. Capital markets has been a good growth rate from us. There's volatility in that business from time-to-time. They finished up well. We talked earlier about that being $200 million business, and that's where we finished for the year. So, I look at capital markets continuing to add a little bit of growth opportunities. Mortgage is the one that's a little bit more of a challenge. We perform a tad better than others, because we're primarily a purchase shop versus a refi shop. Our production was down this quarter, but we are making investments there as well. Those investments are -- and mortgage loan originators that will strategically place and it marks as our footprint that we think can give us additional growth there. So, the market value adjustments happen from time-to-time. As you know, this fourth quarter was unusually noisy and we don't think recurs, at least to that extent going forward.
Saul Martinez: Okay. So, other than the market value judgments, it's -- the equity impact, it's kind of steady as she goes, and seeing growth in your fee lines?
John Turner: Yes.
Saul Martinez: Yes. And on capital, you've obviously drawn, the CET1 down to 9.8%, you've guided to 9.5%. Is the idea still that you get to the 9.5% in 2019? And beyond that, I mean, how are you thinking about potentially maybe bringing that down further, obviously, with the regulatory backdrop NPR out there, is there scope to reduce your target CET1 beyond the 9.5%?
David Turner: We set the 9.5%, based on how we view our risk profile, obviously, starting with a 4.5% minimal threshold and adding in buffers and then looking at our risk. And that's where the 9.5% is. It doesnt have anything to do with the regulatory regime and CCAR. So, hopefully, we get a little bit of relief to manage our capital little more freely than we have been, which we would see as a big plus, so that we can optimize our capital and keep our capital at that 9.5% level. I mean, mathematically, given our risk that we have today, we could operate a little less than that, but we are choosing not to do so. We think that's the best thing for us to give us a little bit of dry powder and be able to take advantage of opportunities to invest that in organic growth and just be prepared should anything happen. But, we think that 9.5% is also a capital level that allows us to provide appropriate risk-adjusted return to our shareholders in the form of return on average tangible common equity that they expect. And so, we don't see taking that down.
Saul Martinez: Okay. And the buybacks in the first and second quarter obviously be lower, but like what's your projection when you kind of get to that 9.5% now?
David Turner: Yes. It will be towards the middle of the year. And of course it's all dependent on what loan growth. So, we had pretty good loan growth in the fourth quarter that eased up a little bit in the capital. And at the rate that we're growing at, we could get there towards the middle of the year.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Turner: Good morning John.
John Pancari: Good morning. I know you had indicated that the higher charge-offs in the quarter were at some of the normalization of consumer, indirect consumer charge-offs. And I wanted to see if you can give a little bit more color on what exact areas within consumer and indirect are you seeing at that normalization and what are your expectations in terms of how that -- those losses can trend through the year, particularly in consumer?
Barb Godin: Yes. This is Barb Godin. The normalization that we're seeing is really across all products. Our residential mortgage is coming off some really low level, running 4 to 6 basis points of loss, which again is not normal. So, that will raise just a little bit. Home equity is doing very well. Home equity will move up just a little bit. Indirect auto has been behaving well for us. So, we see that holding pretty steady. Some of the third-party relationships that we have again they are performing as expected. So, where we see in the consumer portfolio overall, we do see things as being pretty straightforward. Our indirect balances have gone up, and thats created a little bit again in terms of a little more marginal off there. But, all-in, credit feels really good where we are right now in this cycle.
John Pancari: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, my second one is also on credit, two parts here. One, your delinquencies -- early stage delinquencies were up 21% this year -- this quarter. And some of thats consumer and I get it, but commercial was up. So, I wanted to get some color on what drove that. And then, separately, how are you thinking about the loan loss reserve overall here? You have bled it by about 2 basis points on a reserve to loan ratio this quarter. So, what's your outlook there for the year? Thanks.
Barb Godin: Yes. Let me start with the allowance. You are right, it came in at 1.01%, which is down just a tad. A lot of that is due to loan growth. We think that allowance will probably hover right in that area, might go down to 1, but, I don't see it going sub-1 on the allowance. Relative to delinquencies, yes, we did move up just a tad. One of that was -- 30-day plus delinquency quite frankly was due to one large C&I credit that by the way repaid us immediately after, made payment immediately after the end of the month, especially given the holidays et cetera that caught us in the mail. So, that ones is cleared. So, again, on the delinquency front, we see those as being generally stable. And again, we look at the consumer book with the delinquencies, just go up a tad. Again, thats seasonality, we see that every fourth quarter. So, nothing there that we are concerned about.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hey, couple of questions. One, on deposit betas. I know you talked through how youve -- it's been low relative to peers and also this quarter. Could you just give us a sense as to whether or not you think any of that was impacted by people moving from maybe market exposures to deposit exposures? Should we expect to see a little bit of a pickup in the first quarter? And if you could give us a sense as to whether or not there were some change in deposit betas on the corporate versus the consumer side this past quarter?
David Turner: Yes. I think, Betsy, you should expect that deposit betas continue to move up. Weve continued to outperform. Our team looked at beta at 39, its in pretty good shape -- or 39 this quarter, I'm sorry, cumulative up 22. So, I think that we -- and you're going to see that continue to trickle up a bit. Some of that will be due to mix change. As we think about corporate betas, corporate betas have moved up to about 81% from 72%. So, we continue to see that increase a bit, as expected. And that's really been baked into our margin guidance all along.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, thanks. And then, just separately, I know you talk through the 9.5% on the CET1. I guess, a couple of questions there. One, does it matter if you don't have to do the CCAR this year? Two, is there a triangulation that you're doing between CET1 and maybe other ratios like TC to TA, or other ratios that the rating agencies have out there that you're thinking about that ends up with what looks to me like it might be a little bit on the high end of the range relative to your competitors and relative to the risk in your own book? 
David Turner: Well we -- everybody has to run their capital ratios based on their own risk profiles or what they perceive to be the risk. We think common equity Tier 1 are most expensive form of capital. It behooves us to optimize all of our capital elements, but that one in particular, given how expensive it is. As we move down closer to that 9.5%, we are solving a portion of our Tier 1 with common equity. So, we will have to backfill the common equity piece for Tier 1 with preferred stock. Weve had that in our plan; we've talked about that before. That's something that'll happen most likely in the middle of the year. We're evaluating how much of that and when we want to put that on. So, there are a lot of moving parts there. But, you're exactly right. We're going to have to bolster Tier 1, one for regulatory purposes but also for rating agency purposes. And they know what our capital plan is and they know what our optimization plan looks like.
Betsy Graseck: And then on stress test, if you don't have to do that this year, does that -- I guess that doesnt really matter.
David Turner: No. We do our own stress test anyway. We will have to fill out all the forms that are associated with it. And its maybe the year of the off cycle. But, we're really looking for and hope we get through the NPR and is released to manage our capital real time. So, we have espoused -- as an example, weve espoused a 9.5% limit where we want to be on common equity Tier 1. If we could manage capital the way we want to, we would be there right now. We would have to wait for time because when we submit a capital plan, you have to execute if dividend changes and share repurchases along the timeline that you provide in your plan, which you filed a year before, and things change. As things change, we need to be able to maneuver our capital appropriately. So, hopefully, we'll get back, but we'll have to see.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: I was wondering, the net interest income outlook for 20 19, is it fair to assume it should grow at a similar pace to the loan growth?
David Turner: Given -- there a lot of other moving parts, but in general -- generally speaking, that's accurate. The balancing sheet growth is -- depending on what rates do, is going the bigger determinant of our growth in NII. We do think, as I mentioned earlier, we have a little bit of a tailwind with just asset reprice -- fixed rate assets repricing this year, $12 billion between securities and loans that we can pick up 30 to 50 basis points in NII as they come through the pipe. But yes, I think it's something important for us to get appropriate balance sheet growth to continue to grow NII at the pace we want.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then, just a big picture question with expenses, you guys over the years have done a very good job holding expenses flat and still investing in the business for a number of years. If we look beyond 2019, is there still levers to pull on the expense side? Are you kind of close to exhausting those?
John Turner: Peter, this is John. The whole purpose behind our Simplify and Grow initiative was the recognition. And at some point, we would quit benefiting from rising rates, we would quit benefiting from improving credit, and we would have to be operating more efficiently and effectively. We'd have to be operating in a way that it allows us to grow our business because we were easy to do business with. And so, our commitment to continuous improvement is based upon the belief that we can continue to find ways, be more efficient and effective to invest in our business, whether it's hiring more bankers, spending money on technology, building some branches in markets. Weve got to continue to grow our business through reinvestment which we largely want to pay for through our efforts to be more efficient and effective.
Peter Winter: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Christopher Marinac with FIG Partners LLC.
Christopher Marinac: Thanks, guys. I just wanted to ask, Barb, about CECL and sort of her thoughts on how this will play out the rest of the year, and to what extent you will disclose maybe in a couple of quarters how CECL looks for next year?
Barb Godin: Yes. We're doing a lot of work on CECL as all of our peer banks. We are in great shape as far as I'm concerned, we're about to as start running parallel, the old process and the process. So not much to disclose there in terms of what the numbers look like, but again, feel good about the entire process, and we're going to be ready for it.
John Turner: I think we're in really good shape. We've committed to our Board to report to them on a quarterly basis as to just how the parallel reporting manifests itself and what the impacts will be. And as Barb said, I think we're in really good shape and will become January 1, 2020.
Christopher Marinac: Sounds good. Thank you very much.
John Turner: Thank you.
Operator: And your last question is from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: John, when you think about the risks to the Regions earnings stream over the next year or two, aside from a recession, which we all know would bring on the credit provision risk, what do you worry about when you go home at night about your outlook for the Company going forward?
John Turner: Well, obviously, first and foremost, we want to protect and continue to grow our core deposit base, and we think that's really the strength of our franchise. And I think we have demonstrated at least over the last 24 months or so the power of that deposit franchise, much of which wasn't being valued prior to rates beginning to rise. And so, that would be first and foremost. We've got to continue to grow our businesses and particularly those core businesses. So, demonstrating 1.3% or 4% consumer checking account growth, growth in consumer demand deposits, growth in consumer savings, really again core to our business and to what I think makes our franchise valuable and allows us to build that consistently performing and sustainable bank. And then, the other piece is credit. Are we focused on the credit risk appropriate in our business, are we managing concentrations, are we building diverse books of business, do we understand the risks and are we effectively managing those and reacting to emerging risks quickly and expeditiously and effectively? So, those are the things I think about when I think about what does it mean to be a good banker and how do you build consistently performing and sustainable bank.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good and next question I guess is directed to Barb. Over the years, obviously you've had a good understanding of what the regulators are thinking about in terms of risks in the industries portfolio, as well as your own portfolio. We all remember in the 2015-2016 time period with energy credits. Can you share with us, when you talk to them today, what's their kind of focus in terms of worry on credit? And if you could also tie-in, I apologize if you've already addressed this, your leverage loan exposure and what you guys are doing in that area as well?
Barb Godin: Yes. I think the regulators and us, are all in a good place, what's happening, as you know in the industry is, we're looking -- as we're looking at normalization, and where does that go to, and over what period of time. So, there's nothing in particular that they're really focused on, like us, we're focused on and you mentioned it, leverage loans. And let me just kind of comment on that in general. I know David already did but our primary definition for leverage loans in the Company consistent with the inter-agency guidelines from 2013, that's 3 times senior, 4 times total committed debt-to-EBITDA that may or may not be fully secured by margin collateral. Of course there's some different thresholds based on certain industries such as midstream wireless, towers et cetera. But, we don't exclude borrowers from the leverage designation based on credit quality, on borrower ownership for the purpose of the financing. And we make this leverage lending determination at the time of any credit events such as refinancing, renewal acquisition amendments all that. And as you know, I guess the difference is every institution has their own policy quite frankly on how they call a loan leveraged. And so, its just a little difficult in terms of comparability. So, all-in, as I think about the leverage loan book, we feel very good about this book, its got strong underwriting. We have a dedicated team, by the way, Gerard, thats focused on these deals. And on top of that, we stress test these loans to ensure that they're going to perform at a downturn economy. So, all-in, yes, leverage loans are right now on top of a lot of people's minds. But we feel again, really good about that because of really strong, good, well performing book.
John Turner: Yes. I would just add, Gerard, diverse -- very diverse, it's been across a number of industry groups, largely aligned with our specialized industries, bankers and their expertise. About 27% is sponsor-owned, and that's down from the mid-30s. So, as we think about risk and managing risk in the business, we've been exiting some relationships that we think are the most risky parts of that portfolio.
Gerard Cassidy: I guess I could sneak just one last question on leverage loans. One of your peers announced earnings this week and pointed out that they had pick-up in their criticized loans. And one of their individual credits was a borrower who are now in the non-bank market and obtained leverage loans, and it alarmed them, so they put -- they had a criticized loan. What techniques or what monitoring technology do you have or how do you figure out who of your good borrowers, who don't have leverage loans with you, but could actually go out and do something like that and then you guys have that indirect exposure?
John Turner: We're actively servicing those credits on a quarterly basis, generally sometimes less frequently, sometimes more depending upon the risk and the particular credit relationships. And so, as the credit profile or risk profile changes, because the Company takes on additional debt or you're in the bank environment or non-bank environment, we would take that up as a risk factor and a consideration as how we think about the credit.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back to John Turner for closing remarks.
John Turner: Okay. Well that ends the call. Thank you all for your participation. Again, we are very pleased with our 2018 results. And I think we have a very solid plan for 2019 and look forward to seeing all of you, hope, at our Investor Day on February 27th. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dana Nolan - Investor Relations John Turner - President and Chief Executive Officer David Turner - Senior Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: John Pancari - Evercore ISI  Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank  Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research  Ken Usdin - Jefferies  Saul Martinez - UBS  Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley  Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets  Peter Winter - Wedbush Securities
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Jennifer, and I'll be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants' phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions].  I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan : Thank you, Jennifer. Welcome to Regions third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. John Turner will provide highlights about our financial performance, and David Turner will take you through an overview of the quarter. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and earning supplement, are available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Our forward-looking statements disclosure and non-GAAP reconciliations are included in the appendix of today's presentation and within our SEC filings. These cover our presentation materials, prepared comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of today's call. With that, I will turn the call over to John.
John Turner : Thank you, Dana. Good morning, and thanks for joining our call today. Before we get started, I want to take a moment to speak about Hurricane Michael. As we've seen, this was an incredibly powerful storm and communities in the Florida Panhandle, South Alabama and South Georgia all faced different challenges as they began the recovery process. I'm extremely proud of the way our teams are responding to meet the needs of customers, fellow associates and the communities affected. As of today, all of our associates are safe and accounted for. All but five of our branches in the impacted areas are open and conducting business. And all our ATMs are now operating. We are working with our customers to determine their needs for assistance and have activated disaster recovery financial services, including ATM fee waivers and loan payment deferrals. I was in Panama City on Friday. And while the damage is significant, the markets are determined to come back strong. We're still evaluating the overall financial impact to Regions, but we do not expect it to be material. With respect to the third quarter, we are very pleased with our financial performance. We reported earnings from continuing operations of $354 million, reflecting an increase of 20% compared to the third quarter of the prior year. Importantly, we grew loans, fees and households, and delivered positive operating leverage and significantly improved efficiency. Of note, adjusted pre-tax pre-provision income increased again this quarter to its highest level in over a decade. It's important to point out that our results include the impact of a $60 million contribution to our Foundation during the quarter. Combined with the $40 million contribution we made in December of 2017, we've now invested $100 million, effectively positioning the Foundation to provide consistent and sustained investments in our communities for many years to come. Our third quarter performance clearly demonstrates our focus on continuous improvement is gaining traction. We remain committed to the successful execution of our Simplify and Grow strategic priority and investments in technology, process improvements and talent are paying off.  In terms of the economic backdrop, we remain encouraged by current conditions and customer sentiment. Increased lending activity coupled with substantial completion of portfolio recycling and reshaping efforts allowed us to deliver broad-based loan growth this quarter. As we look to the fourth quarter, pipelines remain healthy and we're on track to achieve our low single-digit adjusted average loan growth for the year.  Let me quickly remind you the four key strengths we believe provide considerable momentum for Regions.  First is our asset sensitivity and funding advantage, driven by our low cost and loyal deposit base. This continues to provide significant franchise value and a competitive advantage, particularly in a rising rate environment. Second relates to asset quality. We believe the derisking and portfolio reshaping activities we have completed, combined with our sound risk management practices, have positioned us well for the next credit cycle. Third, our capital position supports credit growth and investments, as well as additional capital returns.  And, finally, we expect additional improvements in core performance through our Simplify and Grow strategic priority, which is well underway. Again, our goal is to generate consistent and sustainable long-term performance and we believe our results this quarter provide tangible evidence that our focus on continuous improvement is working. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
David Turner : Thank you, John, and good morning. Let's begin on Slide 4 with average loans. Adjusted average loans increased almost 2% over the prior quarter, driven by broad-based growth across consumer and business lending portfolios. New and renewed loan production remained solid, while previous headwinds associated with portfolio reshaping efforts subsided.  In addition, recently implemented process redesign and improvement efforts focused on accelerating commercial credit decisioning, also led to loan growth. All three businesses within our corporate banking group, which includes corporate, middle market commercial and real estate experienced loan growth across our geographic markets. Average loan growth was led by C&I across many sectors, particularly within our specialized lending and also within middle market commercial businesses. The investor real estate portfolio reversed trend and contributed modest average loan growth, driven primarily by growth in term real estate lending. Further, owner-occupied commercial real estate loans appeared to have reached an inflection point as average loan balances remained relatively stable in the quarter. Consumer lending produced consistent loan growth across most categories, led again this quarter by our point-of-sale partnerships as well as solid increases in residential mortgage and direct vehicle and consumer credit card lending. Let's move on to deposits. We continue to execute a deliberate strategy to optimize our deposit base by focusing on growing low cost consumer and relationship-based business services deposits, while reducing certain higher cost retail brokered and trust collateralized sweep deposits. Total average deposits declined 1% compared to the second quarter and 3% compared to the prior year. The linked-quarter decline was primarily attributable to seasonal decreases, whereas a year-over-year decline was primarily attributable to strategic reductions as well as corporate customers continuing to use liquidity to pay down debt or invest in their businesses. Importantly, our teams continued to successfully grow net new consumer checking accounts, households, wealth relationships and corporate customers. For the full year, we continue to expect relatively stable average deposit balances, excluding retail brokered and wealth institutional services deposits. During the third quarter, interest bearing deposit costs increased 6 basis points and total deposit costs increased only 3 basis points. Cumulative deposit betas through the current rising rate cycle remained low at 15%. Year-to-date deposit betas were 23% and we anticipate modest increases in the fourth quarter. While we expect deposit betas to increase, we continue to believe our large retail deposit franchise differentiates us in the marketplace and positions us to maintain a lower deposit beta relative to peers. Now, let's look at how this impacted our results. Net interest income increased 2% over the prior quarter and net interest margin increased 1 basis point to 3.50%. Both net interest income and margin benefited from higher market interest rates, partially offset by increased wholesale funding, which included expense associated with debt issued during the quarter. Net interest income also benefited from higher average loan balances. Looking to the fourth quarter, recent loan growth, the high likelihood of another rate increase in December, and an expectation for a modest increase in deposit costs, should result in a continuation of recent growth trends in net interest income and a 3 to 5 basis point expansion of net interest margin, putting us solidly within our 5% to 6% NII growth expectations for the year. We also experienced a good quarter as it relates to fee revenue. Adjusted non-interest income increased 1% from the second quarter as increases in service charges, market value adjustments on employee benefit assets, and other non-interest income were partially offset by decreases in capital markets and mortgage income. The increase in other non-interest income was primarily attributable to a net $5 million increase in the value of certain equity investments, and a $2 million net gain on the sale of low income housing tax credit investments. Other non-interest income also benefited from a $4 million decrease in operating lease impairment charges. For of the full year, we continue to expect adjusted non-interest income growth between 4.5% to 5.5%. Let's move on to expenses. On an adjusted basis, non-interest expense decreased 3% compared to the second quarter. Most expense categories reflected a modest reduction in the quarter, with the primary contributors being a reduction in salaries and benefits, and lower expense associated with Visa Class B shares sold in the prior year. The adjusted efficiency ratio improved approximately 230 basis points this quarter to 58.1% and through the first nine months of 2018 is 59.7%, below our full year target. Also through the first nine months of 2018, we generated adjusted positive operating leverage of 3.4%. For the full year, we continue to expect adjusted positive operating leverage of 3.5% to 4.5% and relatively stable adjusted expenses. The third quarter effective tax rate was 18.7%. It was favorably impacted by retrospective tax accounting method changes finalized in the quarter. Our full year effective tax rate expectation remains unchanged at approximately 21%. Let's shift to asset quality. Overall asset quality remained stable during the third quarter. Total non-performing loans, excluding loans held for sale, decreased to 0.66% of loans outstanding, the lowest level in over 10 years and business services' classified loans decreased 7%. Business services' criticized loans as well as total troubled debt restructured and past due loans increased modestly. Net charge-offs increased 8 basis points to 0.40% of average loans. The provision for loan losses approximated net charge-offs and the resulting allowance totaled 1.03% of total loans and 156% of total non-accrual loans. While overall asset quality remains benign, volatility in certain credit metrics can be expected.  Through the first nine months of 2018, net charge-offs totaled 38 basis points. With respect to the full year, we continue to expect net charge-offs to be towards the lower end of our 35 to 50 basis point range. So brief comments related to capital and liquidity. Through open market purchases and our previously disclosed accelerated share repurchase agreement, we've repurchased approximately 60 million shares of common stock during the third quarter. We also completed the sale of our Regions' insurance subsidiary. The resulting after-tax gain was $196 million and is reflected as a component of discontinued operations. Regarding 2018 expectations, our full year expectations, which we updated in mid-September, remain unchanged. They are summarized on the slide for your reference. So a quick summary. We are very pleased with our third quarter results. Believe we are on track to achieve our 2018 expectations and have good momentum as we head into 2019 and beyond. With that, we're happy to take your questions, but do ask that you limit them to one primary and one follow-up question. We'll now open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari : Just on the expense side, I wanted to talk little bit more about the efficiency ratio. I know you're currently in the 50 range and you're expecting below -- still below 60 for the full year of '18. When you look at '19, just given your expense efforts but also your -- some of the momentum you have in the top-line, where do you think that can go? And then longer term, do you think a mid-50s is still an appropriate goal beyond that? Thanks.
David Turner : Hey, John. This is David. Yes, so we had a nice improvement on our efficiency ratio in the quarter. We continue to expect our efficiency ratio will improve throughout the year and into 2019. We had mentioned that we thought getting into the mid-50s was a reasonable goal for us over time, helped in part by our efficiency efforts, continuous improvement and lift in revenue from rates and the efforts we have to grow revenue through our investments. So, we still believe mid-50s at this point is a good target. Over time maybe we get below that. But we're going to update all of that for you in February typically.
John Pancari : Okay. Alright. Thanks. And then, separately, on the loan growth side, I want to get a little bit more thoughts on -- a little bit more color on, where you're seeing the strongest demand? And we are hearing that a good number of the banks like pay downs are still relatively elevated and they are impacting their growth outlooks, while others are also flagging a competitive backdrop and lowering their guidance, given the competitive dynamics. It doesn't seem that you're seeing that in a profound way. And so, I wanted to get some of your -- some of the color you have around those factors? Thanks.
John Turner : Yes. John, this is John. I would say, we continue to remain optimistic about our ability to deliver on our commitment to low single-digit loan growth on an adjusted basis. Loan growth was pretty broad-based, particularly within the wholesale business this quarter. So about -- if you adjust for the run-off and dealer indirect, about 1% growth in consumer and almost 2% in the wholesale book, we are not facing the headwinds that we had been facing that were the result primarily of our own derisking activities. So, we predicted that we would likely hit a bottom in investor real estate sometime in the second quarter. We did and we began to see a little pickup in activity there. And so, grew a little in the second quarter and that growth continued in the third quarter. Similarly, within our commercial banking activities and corporate banking, the growth has been broad-based across our specialized industry groups, our diversified industries teams, manufacturing, distribution and across our geographies. I would tell you that it is very competitive despite the fact that we grew, we passed on about half as much business as we actually produced and the reason we passed was primarily because of pricing or some other structural element. We didn't experience the paydowns in the third quarter that others have talked about, but we very much did in the first and second quarter of this year, and you might remember in the third and fourth quarter of 2017. So it is very competitive, compensation comes from a variety of sources. But we have really solid pipelines and I feel good about our ability to deliver on low single-digit adjusted loan growth for the year.
John Pancari : Okay. And one more thing, could that low single-digits move up to the mid-single, as you think about '19?
John Turner : We are still committed to low single-digit loan growth, John. We think it's important to be very disciplined, to be very prudent about what we booked, focus on client selectivity and risk-adjusted returns. We don't need a lot of loan growth to achieve our stated objectives. And so -- and we are going to be careful and thoughtful about what we book and so our targets are still low single-digit at this point.
John Pancari : Got it. Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor : You guys used a lot your 2018 CCAR approval buybacks this quarter, but your capital levels are still high and obviously the market is selling off overall here, including your stock. I'm just wondering about thoughts in terms of going back asking for more and how aggressive you could be on that front?
David Turner : Yes, Matt. So we have our targeted capital range that we've spared before in common equity Tier 1 in that 9.5%. We've been working towards that. As you know, when you follow a CCAR plan that we did and receive an objection that had timing built into that as to when we would buy those shares back as well as have our dividend increased. So in order to change that, we would have to have a resubmission. We think we're on a good guide path right now, given where we are. We made a lot of progress this quarter, as you laid out. Our repurchase program will be completed in the fourth quarter and we can be in the market executing on our next quarter plan after earnings, so our share -- our accelerated share repurchase program I was referring to.
Matthew O'Connor : Okay. When you say your repurchase program completed in 4Q you're talking about the ASR or you're .?
David Turner : Yes. I want to clarify that, so the component part of the program, the piece of this accelerated share repurchase program will be completed in the fourth quarter. We have all our repurchases that are baked into our CCAR submission after that.
Matthew O'Connor : Okay. And just to get thoughts on the 9.5% CET1 target, I suppose that was said maybe a couple of years ago and it seems like some of your peers have been guiding to, hopefully, getting into the call it 8% to 9% range.
John Turner : Yes. Well, I think our peers are really all over the board. For us, it's incumbent upon us to keep the amount of capital we think we need to run our business and we will continue to update that each year, challenge ourselves, but we also have to be cognizant of where we are. We're nine years into an expansion. Next May it will be 10 years. And we think given our risk profile where we are and considering all other things at 9.5%, common equity Tier 1 is proper for us at this time. That being said, we'll be looking at that as we wrap up this year, then to the first quarter and we make any adjustments we deem appropriate at that time.
Matthew O'Connor : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Erika Najarian : Yes, good morning. Thank you. My first question is -- thank you for reminding us about your deposit base. And as we think about of further rate hikes from here, how should we think about the stickiness of your interest-free deposit balances? And I'm wondering if you could help us get a sense of the $35 billion in average interest-free deposit balance, how much of that would you call operational or part of checking accounts that are less vulnerable to mix shift?
John Turner : Yes, Erika. I'll -- maybe I'll start. This is John. I would say to the question of how -- what percentage of our deposit balances we think are operational, 67% of all of our deposits are consumer deposits. We think approximately 93% of all of our consumer households maintain some sort of operating account balance with us. Obviously, on the wholesale side or corporate bank, all of those deposits, let's say in demand deposits, we think kind of as being operational. So I would believe that the vast majority of our demand deposits are in fact operational in nature. When we look at our consumer book, one of the things that gives us a lot of confidence about our deposit gathering franchise and the strength of our customer base is that over the last year we've actually grown consumer demand by over 5%. We've grown consumer savings by about 7.3% and grown NOW deposits by over 1%. So despite the fact that we've been aggressively managing our interest cost, the core of our business, which is consumer operating deposits, has continued to grow as has checking accounts through the last 12 months.
David Turner : Erika, I'll add. The non-interest bearing from a corporate standpoint, as mentioned in the prepared comments, we did see companies utilize their excess liquidity to pay down debt, to make fixed capital investments, and in some cases, seek higher yields that we were willing to pay. And so, we are not losing the customer, they're just choosing to seek the highest return as you would expect all treasurers to do. So, we think we have the ability to really gather deposits. We're looking at loan growth. We want to pair that off and our commitment is to grow our deposit base, our core deposit base commensurate with our loans over time, you may have a mismatch in the given quarter, but we feel good about where we are in terms of deposit growth looking out -- looking forward.
Erika Najarian : Got it. And just as a follow-up to John's line of questioning. John, I was interested in -- when you answered the question about the amount of business that you passed on over during the quarter and I'm wondering if you could give us a sense as it's much talked about this quarter on the level of non-bank competition that you are experiencing. And perhaps, David, if you could give us a sense of any residual exposure on balance sheet, your leverage lending or sponsor backed term facilities?
David Turner : Yes. So we are seeing competition from non-banks in the real estate mortgage space or commercial real estate mortgage space, the life insurance companies, and commercial banking activities largely around M&A, sponsor-based transactions from business development corporations, private equity backed funds, and that is having some impact on our business. But as said by John, the impact was more significant in the first part of the year, particularly in quarter one and in parts of quarter two, particularly with respect to the commercial mortgage business. And on an ongoing basis we continue to see private equity backed funds take more risk in the leverage space than we're willing to take. And as a consequence, we would think that or suggest that our exposure to leveraged lending and to sponsor backed transactions is very reasonable at about 20% of our leverage exposure down from over 35% about a year ago. So, we've continued to reduce our exposure to sponsor-based leveraged loans and in part that's a function of risk selection and I think a part of reflection of just their activity in the marketplace.
Erika Najarian : Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott : Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. The other consumer indirect bucket continues to be a helpful driver of growth. Can you maybe start just remind us what is in that and what's been driving the growth there?
David Turner : Sure. So, we have indirect coming from a couple of different places. We have indirect auto and then we have indirect other, which is our point-of-sale initiative that we have with several entities. We continue to experience good growth there and good economics on that portfolio. We continue to challenge ourselves on that -- on all of our portfolios. The profitability on indirect auto has been challenged. We are a prime -- super prime book, and all the losses are improved. The economics there are -- have been challenging and we're continuing to look at that, yields are growing a bit for us there. So those are really the two kind of point-of-sale in indirect auto as two good categories Geoff.
John Turner : Yes. I would just add. We got into that business to -- because we began to see consumer preferences develop and evolve. We wanted to learn largely what was going on in that space. We've established some internal concentration limits to manage our exposure to effectively consumer indirect, unsecured lending, I think it's to-date good for us. David suggested the credit quality has been good, returns have been good, and we've learned some things through observation and on the balance sheet a little bit.
Geoffrey Elliott : Thanks. It looks like it's been a pretty important driver of the NII growth. On those concentration limits, how much are you willing to see the portfolio grow?
John Turner : I don't recall that we have necessarily been public about the limits we've established, but we don't expect the portfolio to grow whole lot more than its current size.
Geoffrey Elliott : Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin : Thanks. Good morning, guys. First question, just a follow-up on the liability side. David, you said you issued the debt this quarter and you had some ins and outs about deposits that led to a little bit more on the FHLBs, which might happen quarter-to-quarter. But I'm just wondering in terms of the structure of the liability side and the capital stack, where are you in terms of the efficiency on the right side of the balance sheet in terms of that mix of long-term debt? How much more you would be issuing naturally over time and whether preferred has become a more likelihood as that capital ratio grows into itself? Thanks.
David Turner : Yes, Ken. So, we did -- that we are opportunistic with regards to our $1.5 billion that we raised recently, some in the holding company and some in the bank to take advantage of FDIC costs. As we look out at our plan for the holding company, we'll have another debt issuance in the holding company probably in the first quarter and that number will be in the $500 million range. But from a preferred standpoint, we have to -- there are a lot of moving targets in terms of preferred. We need to see what happens from a capital standpoint. We have a lot going on all the regulators and we need to see what happens with the buffer in terms of whether or not we need to issue and how much and when. So you need to stay tuned a little bit on the preferred offering in the -- which may or may not occur in the second half of the year if it occurs.
Ken Usdin : Understood. Okay. And then my follow-up is just on, coming back to the left side of the balance sheet and the mix of earning assets, you've kept the investment portfolio pretty stable here for a bit now, now that the loans have started to turn up, can you just talk about what you're doing in the investment portfolio? What your kind of front-book, back-book looks like and are you comfortable with the size of it at this point?
David Turner : Well, let me talk more about the total left side of the balance sheet. So, our securities book, we feel good about where that is. Obviously, we want to comply with LCR, to the extent some of that gets changed regulatorily, maybe we can put certain of those investment securities in a little healthier return than some of the securities we have today, Ginnie Mae securities as an example. But in terms of front-book, back-book, we have about $14 billion of assets that are repricing over the next 12 months, that repricing of securities and loans, and that's a pickup of the 75 to 100 basis points even if rates don't move. If rates stay right where they are right now and that's a pretty good tailwind to us from an NII growth and resulting margin as well. We've been able to give you the confidence that we could hit our NII growth goals for this year and of course we'll update those for the next year later on, but that's important to note.
Ken Usdin : Alright. Thanks a lot, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS.
Saul Martinez : Hi. Good morning, everybody. I could -- just on credit quality, it obviously 40 basis points, still very low. You did see a bit of an uptick, but still within sort of the guidance range. But any -- can you give us any color on the uptick and any areas of your portfolio you just feel may have more risk than others, just sort of a -- just a general view on where you think credit quality is heading?
Barb Godin : Yes. Saul, it's Barb Godin. Relative to the uptick, it was related really to two credits, nothing systemic in the portfolio that we see, but two credits drove that uptick. And for the rest of the portfolio, it was well behaved, remained in good condition, moving on the right direction. And as we think about the future in terms of fourth quarter as well, we don't see anything major on the horizon, and again, feel good about our guidance of 35 to 50 basis points. And as you mentioned, 40 is still right there in the middle of our guidance.
John Turner : I would just add. When you look at our overall credit metrics, we continue to see improvement in the level of classified assets, the level of non-performing loans, a little uptick in criticized loans this quarter. That to Barb's point does not reflect anything systemic at all and all the results reflect the outcome of the recent [stake exam].
Saul Martinez : Got it. If I could just sort of stay on the theme of credit quality, I know you guys have been critical on certain aspects of CECL, but where are you -- can you just give a sense where you are in terms of your preparation? When do you think -- assuming there are no fundamental changes to how CECL works, when do you think you'll have a rough estimate of what the financial impact could be?
David Turner : Yes. Saul, this is David. So we've been -- we spend an awful lot of time and effort on our modeling and leveraging some of the CCAR models and building some new ones. We are in pretty good shape. We are clerking third-parties to make sure we do this right and we'll be running parallel, we'll start that in 2019, we'll adjust and learn, so that we're prepared for January 2020. As you know, there are discussions on CECL and whether or not there may or may not be modifications to the standard, whether or not there may be a delay or not, we'll just have to see, but it's incumbent upon us to be prepared either way. And as far as when we'll be prepared to give that guidance? We really -- before we do that, we want to make sure our models are reflective of our best numbers we can come out with. So it will be in the 2019, probably no earlier than the middle of the year and we'll just have to see how things develop before we can give you that kind of guidance.
Saul Martinez : Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck : Could we talk a little bit on the expense side, I know in the prepared remarks you've highlighted the operating leverage and the outlook. But maybe if you could give us a sense of the drivers and if this is going to be taking place in the near term due to Simplify and Grow or is this something that is a little bit longer-tailed with regard to acceleration in operating leverage?
David Turner : Yes, Betsy. So there are several things working on operating leverage and efficiency, the revenue side and the expense side. Let me start with revenue. We continue to make investments to grow revenue, those investments are in people and in technology, making investments in higher growth markets for new branches, and we do pay for those investments and so we've been leveraging our continuous improvement process that we started out for Simplify and Grow. It's going to continue. This is something we want to culturally advantage. How do we get better each and every day through process improvement, leveraging technology? A big part of the expense side has been savings and the SMB line item that you saw this past quarter, which we told you about beginning of the year that you'd see the benefits of that in the third quarter, you'd see it again in the fourth quarter. We're substantially through with the larger numbers of headcount reductions. You'll see some, but not to the degree that you saw thus far through the nine months to September. And then from there we have to continue to become more efficient. And getting back to John's earlier comment on the efficiency ratio, where you think you can go? I just think our industry will continue to become more efficient leveraging all the new technologies that are out there to get efficiency ratio, which we think we could target in the mid-50s. We'll see if we can get better than that over time. But that's with a healthy revenue growth in making investments to grow our business are really important to us.
Betsy Graseck : And then just on the NIM outlook, I know we talked through some of the drivers including securities book. Can you give us a sense as to how stickier you think are uplifts that you're looking for in 4Q, can persist going forward?
David Turner : Well, our margin of 3.50% is better than most of our peers. And so, it gets harder as you have a -- if you continue to outperform, it gets harder to keep outperforming. That being said, we are leveraging what we see as our competitive deposit base, continuing to make investments to grow earning assets, in particular the loan portfolio as you saw this quarter. So leveraging off of that in the future growth that we see should help us and obviously we think December has a pretty high probability of a rate increase in that. And so, if LIBOR starts moving 30 days prior to December rate increase and you will see that benefit even more. Our beta has outperformed and we do expect our beta to get higher, to continue to increase the pace of which we'll see what happens. For the year, we're only at -- cycled to-date about 15%. So, we think that continues to increase, that is baked into our guidance already that we've given you and we think that that continues to help propel us to continue to grow NII in the fourth quarter and into 2019.
Betsy Graseck : Okay. And LIBOR has actually widened a little bit recently, so maybe that's a tailwind into 4Q or are you already have that baked into your 4Q outlook?
David Turner : We have that baked in already.
Betsy Graseck : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy : Thank you. Good morning, David; and good morning, John. Can you guys share with us, when we go back and look at your numbers as well as your peers for the last 20 years on non-interest bearing deposits to total deposits, the industry and yourself included has seen a significant increase in that percentage, in fact with you guys and post the merger of course, it looks like it's running around 19%, 20%, right around that time in '07, '08, now it's obviously in the mid-30s, so I think it was 38% this quarter. Is there something structurally different with the customers that they keep that -- that you're able to garner much more of your deposits and non-interest bearing?
David Turner : So Gerard, we have really focused on continuing to grow customer accounts, demand deposit checking accounts, we've been very good at that. We've grown checking accounts this year, about 1.5%. And so, we think that that will continue. We expect that to continue. Our non-interest bearing demand deposits have also grown over time. We have seen that shrink as have all of our peers this past quarter. We performed a little better than most -- and again as because we see large companies putting that non-interest bearing to work either to pay down debt, make fixed capital investments or reinvest some higher earning securities. We do think that the non-interest bearing will be higher than history. We think as companies have gone through the liquidity scare that we had in a way that people are thinking differently about their liquidity. We think we'll see it for right, but we think people will hold on to more of that liquidity and leverage up versus using it all and then leverage it, at least that's our assumption, we'll see how that plays out. But I think it's going back to that liquidity scare in 2008. That's a little bit of a change in terms of how people think about it.
John Turner : Yes. I'd agree with that Gerard. I'd also offer -- I mentioned 67% of our deposits are consumer deposits, 93% of our consumer households have a primary operating, what we would consider a quality primary operating account with us. The average balances in our deposit accounts are more granular we think than some of our peers. It reflects the markets that we're in, it reflects the type customers that we're banking and we think that that's a competitive advantage. It in fact does result in our maintaining more demand deposits, let's say, in the consumer space in some regard than we did before and it is a real strength of our franchise.
Gerard Cassidy : Very good. And then on the other side of the balance sheet, you guys have been very frank and candid about what happens in the investor real estate portfolio post the financial crisis and the recession and you've been clear about winding down to a level that you're comfortable with, which seems as you pointed out the inflection point might be in this quarter. So as we move forward, what type of projects are you guys looking at on the investor real estate, whether it's the construction projects or the investor real estate mortgage area and I think John, you said you didn't really give any guidance on how big it allow different portfolios to grow to as a percentage of total portfolio. But in this one, I don't know if you'd be willing to disclose how big you would allow this one to grow to again as a percentage of the total portfolio?
David Turner : Yeah. Today, it's in the 7 plus percent sort of range as a percentage of total and I think we'd expect it to stay there to grow potentially up modestly as a percentage of total. You might remember that, now going back almost three years, we committed to try and change the mix of business within investor real estate. In 2014, 85% of our production was construction primarily of multifamily and we began to work that level of production down. It had a significant impact on balances as you see and so our balances have significantly declined. We did reach a point in the second quarter when we began to -- I think it was in part because of seasoning, again to have the opportunity to win a few more commercial mortgage opportunities. And those are typically going to be financing season properties with stabilized cash flows largely on multi-family office projects. We have some retail exposure, but most of what we're doing is multi-family office and some industrial and with that comes full relationship. So we pickup deposit balances, we pickup opportunities to generate fee income through our capital market, secondary market offerings, placement products. And so, we think it's a business we want to grow sort of with the economy, maybe plus or little as it provides a lot of ancillary opportunities, but again it won't grow to be too much larger as a percentage of the total than it is today.
Gerard Cassidy : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter : Good morning. I just wanted to ask another question on expenses. You had a nice drop in expenses in the third quarter, do you think they could drop a little bit more in the fourth quarter given the full quarter benefit of the headcount reduction? And then looking at 2019, would you expect expenses to be kind of flat, maybe even down a little, just given a full year benefit of the lower headcount?
David Turner : Yes, Peter. I think really focusing on improvements in the efficiency ratios and by the way to answer your question, we are making investments, as I mentioned earlier, to grow revenues, make investments in higher growth markets. We're trying to pay for that, keep our expenses relatively stable as we mentioned for the year, which means we have to have reductions in other places to pay for those investments. So, I -- we feel good about where we're going to end up for the year, fourth quarter already strong, and we'll now end up and update you on 2019, actually for the next three years, in February.
Peter Winter : Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I will turn the call back over to John Turner for closing remarks.
John Turner : Okay. Well, thank you very much. We appreciate everyone's participation, and thanks for your interest in Regions. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dana Nolan - IR John Turner - CEO David Turner - CFO Barbara Godin - SEVP and CCO John Owen - SEVP and Head of Regional Banking Group
Analysts: John Pancari - Evercore ISI Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Ken Usdin - Jefferies Steve Moss - B. Riley FBR Saul Martinez - UBS Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Peter Winter - Wedbush Erika Najarian - Bank of America Christopher Marinac - FIG partners Gerard Cassidy - RBC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your operator for today's call. I'd like to remind everyone that all participants all lines have been placed on listen only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Shelby. Welcome to Regions Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. John Turner, our Chief Executive Officer, will provide highlights of our financial performance; and David Turner, our Chief Financial Officer, will take you through an overview of the quarter. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and earning supplement are available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Our forward-looking statements disclosure and non-GAAP reconciliations are included in the appendix of today's presentation and within our SEC filings. These cover our presentation materials, prepared comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of today's call. With that, I will now turn the call over to John.
John Turner: Thank you, Dana. Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying that we are pleased with our second quarter results. Our performance clearly demonstrates that we are continuing to successfully execute our strategic plans, building long-term sustainable growth while delivering value to our customers, communities and shareholders. Our reported earnings from continuing operations of $362 million reflected an increase of 21% compared to the second quarter of the prior year. Importantly, we delivered solid revenue growth while maintaining a focus on disciplined expense management. Of note, adjusted pre-tax pre-provision income increased to highest level in 10 years. In addition, this marks another very strong quarter with respect to asset quality, as virtually every credit metric improved. In terms of the overall environment, we remained encouraged by improving economic conditions as well as continued improvement in customer sentiment. We remain focused on generating prudent and softer loan growth, while also meeting the evolving expectations of our customers. Once again, we are proud of our robust capital planning process. Our plan of capital actions received no objection in the recent CCAR results, and we're set to deliver a robust return of capital to our shareholders, while maintaining appropriate levels to meet customer needs and support organic growth. With respect to our business strategy, we are committed to the diligent execution of our plan and are making notable progress with respect to our Simplify and Grow strategic initiative, while much has been accomplished, the process is ongoing, and we currently have approximately 40 initiatives underway, ended accelerating revenue growth, driving operational efficiencies, expanding use of technology and ultimately further improving the customer experience. Through this continuous improvement process, we aim to deliver consistent and reliable results over the long-term. For a while now, we've been speaking about four key strengths we believe to provide considerable momentum for Regions. First is our asset sensitivity and finding advantage, driven by our low cost and lower deposit base. This provides significant franchise value and a competitive advantage, particularly in a rising rate environment. Second relates to asset quality. We experienced another quarter of broad-based improvements in credit quality and continue to expect modest improvement throughout the remainder of the year. Further, we believe the de-risking and portfolio shaping activities we have completed, combined with our sound risk management practices that positioned us well for the next credit cycle. Third, our capital position supports additional capital returns as we move towards our target Common Equity Tier 1 ratio. The execution of which was again validated through the recent CCAR process. And finally, we expect additional improvements in core performance overtime through our Simplify and Grow strategic initiative, which is well underway as evidenced by our actions today. As we look ahead, Regions is well positioned and we're building momentum every day. We have clear plans and a strong team, and our focus on effectively executing our plans while adapting to the ever changing environment remaining steadfast. We do not anticipate major changes to the Company's strategic direction. Going forward, we will build on the solid foundation already established, delivering consistent and reliable financial results, and creating a culture of continues improvement our priorities. Providing best in class customer service and unwavering commitment to our associates and communities will not change. Grayson Hall led the Company through one of the most challenging periods in our industry's history. His leadership and commitment has positioned the Company well for the future. On behalf of our associates, we thank Grayson for his 38 years of dedicated service, and I personally want to thank him for his guidance, counsel and support. With that, I'll now turn it over to David.
David Turner: Thank you, John, and good morning. Let's begin with average loans. Adjusted average loan balances increased $382 million over the prior quarter, driven by modest growth in both the consumer and business portfolios. Growth in the consumer portfolio was driven primarily by our expanded point of sale partnerships as well as residential mortgage and indirect vehicle lending. Average loan growth in the business lending portfolio was again driven by C&I lending, primarily from our specialized lending areas. Consumer lending should continue to produce consistent loan growth across most categories, and C&I should continue to lead growth within business lending. Headwinds associated with previous de-risking efforts in our investor real estate portfolio have slowed, and as a result, we have begun to see a loan growth on an ending basis largely in our term real estate product. Let's move onto deposits. We continue to execute a deliberate strategy to optimize our deposit base by focusing on valuable, low cost consumer, and business services relationship deposits while reducing certain higher cost brokered and collateralized deposits. As a result, total average deposits declined modestly during the quarter; however, average consumer segment deposits experienced solid growth of over $1 billion consistent with our relationship banking focus. Our deposit advantage has generated from our granular and loyal deposit base. During the second quarter, interest-bearing deposit cost totaled 38 basis points by total funding cost remain low at 52 basis points illustrating the strength of our deposit franchise. Cumulative deposit betas through the current rising rate cycle are only 14%, and importantly, consumer retail deposit betas remained low at approximately 1%. As expected, commercial deposits have been more reactive with a cumulative beta of approximately 44%, driven primarily by large corporate and brokered deposits. We believe our large retail deposit franchise differentiates us in the marketplace. As such, we are in a position to maintain a lower deposit beta relative to peers. Our customer base is also highly engaged with over 55% of consumer checking customers utilizing multiple channels and more than 75% of all interactions are now digital. The number of active mobile banking customers has increased 12% compared to the prior year, and active mobile deposit customers has more than doubled. We continue to focus on being our customers' primary bank as 93% of our consumer checking households include a high-quality primary checking account. So, now let's look at how this impacted our results. Net interest income increased 2% over the prior quarter and net interest margin increased 3 basis points to 3.49%. These increases were driven primarily by higher market interest rates and prudent deposit cost management. With respect to full year 2018, the current market expectation for the fed to continue increasing rates combined with better than forecasted deposit pricing will likely push NII towards the upper end of our 4% to 6% guidance on a non-fully taxable equivalent basis. Specific to the third quarter of 2018, current market expectations for our rate increase in September along with similar deposit betas to what we have experienced in recent quarters are expected to result in another solid quarter of growth in net interest income along with modest net interest margin expansion. Remember, the third quarter will have one additional day that will benefit net interest income, but reduced net interest margin. We also experienced a good quarter as it relates to fee revenue. Adjusted non-interest income increased 2% with growth across most non-interest revenue categories during the quarter. Keep in mind, the first quarter benefited from net gains associated with the sale of certain low income housing investments, and a positive valuation adjustment associated with a private equity investment totaling $13 million that did not repeat this quarter. These gains were included in other non-interest income. With respect to corporate fee revenue categories, the Company's investments in capital markets continue to pay off as a business delivered another record quarter. Revenues totaled $57 million with all businesses within capital markets contributing. The second quarter increase was led by merger and acquisition advisory services and the customer derivative activity. Consumer categories remain an important component of fee revenue. To that point, service charges and card and ATM fees grew by 2% and 8% respectively. This growth has been aided by year-to-date checking account growth of approximately 1.2%. In addition, revenue growth was supported by an increase in debit transactions of 9% and an increase in credit card spending of 10% during the second quarter. Mortgage income remained stable during the quarter despite seasonally higher production due primarily to a 25 basis point reduction in gain on sale. While production is lower across the industry, we continue to expect better performance relative to peers due to our historically higher mix of purchase versus refinance volume. We continue to evaluate opportunities to grow our residential mortgage servicing portfolio, and during the quarter, we reached an agreement to purchase the rights to service approximately $3.6 billion of mortgage loans, with an expected close date of July 31, 2018, and it's subject to customary closing conditions. Increasing servicing income is expected to help offset the impact of lower mortgage production. Wealth management income was up modestly in the quarter driven by 12% increase in investment services fee income. Let's move on to expenses. On an adjusted basis, non-interest expense increased approximately 2%, attributable primarily to increases in professional fees and expenses associated with Visa Class B shares sold in the prior year. Excluding the impact of severance charges, salaries and benefits decreased approximately to 1%, reflecting staffing reductions and lower payroll taxes, partially offset by annual merit increases. As a result of our efforts to rationalize and streamline our organization, staffing levels declined by 340 full-time equivalent positions compared to the prior quarter and approximately 1,100 full-time equivalent positions compared to the second quarter of the prior year. Year-to-date, full-time equivalent positions have declined by approximately 700 positions. Further salaries and benefits expense reductions are expected in the third and fourth quarters as approximately 500 additional position reductions will benefit the run rate. Keep in mind, these numbers do not include the 644 position reductions associated with Regions insurance. In addition, we continue to take a hard look at occupancy expense and will exit approximately 500,000 square feet this year benefiting 2019 and beyond. This amount does not include another 200,000 square feet of reductions associated with Regions insurance. The adjusted efficiency ratio was 60.4% down slightly from the prior quarter, and through the first six months of 2018, the Company has generated 2.7% of adjusted positive operating leverage. For full year 2018, we continue to expect adjusted positive operating leverage of 3% to 5%, relatively stable adjusted expenses and adjusted efficiency ratio of less than 60%. Let's shift to asset quality. Broad-based asset quality improvement continued during the quarter. Non-performing, criticized and troubled debt restructured loans, as well as total delinquencies all declined. Non-performing loan excluding loans held for sale decreased to 0.74% of loans outstanding, the lowest level since 2007. Net charge-offs totaled 32 basis points of average loans and 8 basis point decline from the prior quarters adjusted ratio. The provision for loan losses approximated net charge-offs during the quarter and included the release of our remaining hurricane specific loan loss allowance of $10 million. The allowance for loan losses totaled 1.4% of total loans outstanding and 141% of total non-accrual loans. Let me give you some brief comments related to capital and liquidity. As John mentioned, we are pleased with our CCAR results and remain committed to maintaining prudent capital ratios while possibly investing in our businesses for future growth and delivering a solid return of capital to our shareholders. On July 2nd, we completed the sale of our Regions interest subsidiary, the after-tax gain associated with the transaction was approximately $200 million and Common Equity Tier 1 capital generated was approximately $300 million. Our capital plan incorporates the capital generated from this transaction, and it is included in our board authorized share repurchase program for up to $2.03 billion in common shares over the next four quarters. Subject to our board's approval, the plan also includes a 56% increase in Region's quarterly common stock dividend to $0.14 per share beginning in the third quarter. Regarding 2018 expectations, our full-year expectations remain unchanged and are summarized again on this slide for your reference. So in conclusion, we are pleased with our second quarter results and believe our Simplify and Grow strategic initiative along with other opportunities and competitive advantages position us well for the remainder of 2018 and beyond. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning, and I'll turn it back over to Dana for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, David. As it relates to Q&A, please limit your questions to one primary and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. We will now open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: On the loan growth front, I want to see if you can give us a bit more color on the, where you see shift of the drivers of loan growth through the back half coming from, and your full-year outlook of low single-digits and it seems like at this point you might be trending at the lower end of that. Do you see it that way? Or do you think you can break to the upside a little bit through the back half?
John Turner: Well, I would say first of all, we are affirming our current guidance for low single-digit loan growth excluding the run off this targeted and indirect portfolio and the TDR sales obviously. By focus on the consumer side of the business, we feel pretty good about our forecast and we look at mortgage, we expect it generally to be flat. I think we see raw in the HELOC portfolio and the balance of our consumer business should grow modestly, we believe across most of the sectors and the remaining part of the year. On the corporate side of the business, our pipelines are good. They have improved since the first quarter and they continue to be pretty solid. Our customers are optimistic, but I would say there is still a bit cautious. We're seeing customers use a lot of their liquidity to fund their additional borrowing needs or what would have traditionally been additional borrowing needs and you can see that in some of our deposit balances. But generally if you think about our business in the three segments that we think about them, the corporate banking business, I think will grow modestly through the balance of the year largely as a result of activity within our specialized industries group and more narrow targeted focus by our diversified industry's bankers, and we've seen both of those teams have some success in the first part of the year. In the traditional middle market commercial banking and small business banking, we have renewed focus there that we are beginning to see really get some traction. Owner-occupied real estate which have been running off at a pretty rapid rate through I guess over the last 10 years has really begun to slow and that will help us, we believe see some additional loan growth through the balance of the year. And then finally in real estate, we had indicated we thought in the second quarter we would begin to see some modest growth. You remember that we have been de-risking that portfolio exiting many of the multifamily construction when loans that we have in the books and that has been successful I think, term lending was very competitive, it has begun to have a positive impact on our portfolio. So, we saw some nice loan growth at the end of the quarter and in real estate banking, and so all-in-all, I think our guidance is solid. I would not say that at this point we guide towards the upper end of range, I think it would be lower end to the middle of the range. But we do believe that, we will achieve those objectives, and if, we do we will meet all of our other targets as a result to that.
John Pancari: Then in terms of your margins, I saw some pretty good expansion again this quarter and probably would have even been higher, its not for the leverage lease transaction. But just wondering are the impairment that is, I want to get your updated thoughts on the sensitivity to the ongoing fed moves, but also rising betas? What's your updated sensitivity to each incremental 25 basis point that hike?
David Turner: I think John, so our -- this is David. Our expectation for the year is -- our beta thus far is 14% as I mentioned earlier. We do think that picks up with the back half of the year, but if we look at 2018, we think the beta in 30% ranges is what's baked into the guidance that we've given you. Thus far, we've outperformed our expectation on beta, and rates have come in faster than we had anticipated as well. And so, we are reiterating our guidance on net interest income growth this year to the higher end of that 4% to 6% range, we think we can get the higher end of that. As it relates to next quarter, we think will have another solid quarter of growth in NII, and we think our margin will grew modestly because it has overcome about two points of for the next quarter. So, I think that we feel very good about our expectations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
Jennifer Demba: Just wondering, if could clarify what you're M&A interest and capacity is at this point?
John Turner: Sure. We have an M&A team they are charged with finding both bank and non-bank opportunities, and we've had some success acquiring non-bank businesses, mortgage servicing rights and other loan portfolios in fact we point to BlackArch Partners and that investment is being a real half point in the quarter in terms of their contribution. And we will continue to look for those kinds of opportunities because non-bank opportunities help us fill gaps and our capabilities meet customer needs and importantly row and diversify revenue. Bank M&A is a good bit more challenging, and we think about where Regions trades relative to our peers, we are trading relative to targets I would say, likely targets. We are trading at a discount, and as a result, the economics just dont work for us. We look at our plans and our opportunities and we think they're significant. We benefit from rising rates. We have a good plan to return capital to our shareholders which should generate outsize returns. We think through our Simplify and Grow initiatives that there is a real opportunity to improve our core business. And so, we're just not going to do a transaction that would be significantly dilutive to our shareholders and in this environment. Lets not say that were not going to continue to look, we will do that. We learn as we do. Were going to be very conservative, very thoughtful. We will seek to build relationships with potential sellers. We will watch the market, but were going to be very disciplined in that regard, principally because again, we have the opportunity we think to take advantage of a number of other levers that will drive outsized returns for shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: In terms of the balance sheet mix, you havent had a lot of earning asset growth, which is allowed you to be I think in part so disciplined on the deposit side. How much more shrinkage do you think you could see in terms of the interest-bearing -- sorry, the non-interest-bearing deposit side? And at what point do you think that you might have to just go out into the market and just to keep up, with hopefully is -- now a better trajectory on loan growth side?
David Turner: Again, this is David. So you mentioned us being disciplined on pricing on the deposit side, but I would tell you, we've been very disciplined on the left side of the balance sheet. We want to grow loans. We did grow loans this quarter, but were going to remain very disciplined, making sure that when we layout capital to our customers to serve their needs that we paid and we have an appropriate return on capital that we put out. We have a low loan to deposit ratio relative to our peers. And staying disciplined unless on the left side of the balance sheet, lets us be even more discipline on the right side. You are correct to see that not interest-bearing deposits have been put work, a lot of that has been on the corporate banking side where corporate banking customers are looking for alternatives to generate yield. Some of that's gone into interest-bearing accounts with that. Some of that's been utilized as John mentioned earlier to fund capital expenditures and put the excess cash to work, and but at some point we believe, those actions will dissipate and we'll be to grow loans. We are constantly looking for relationship deposits, whether it'd be on the consumer side of the business service side. That will always be important to us. But we don't see any need in the near-term to have to go out and bid up deposits from a cost standpoint. That being said, we do have promotions like others do and we will look at opportunities to strengthen the market, leveraging that, but wholesale changes in our deposit structure is not in the order at this point.
John Turner: Yes, I will just make another maybe two points, Ken. One is, if you look at growth in consumer deposits, we grew demand deposits in the consumer business by 6.4% year-over-year and continue to see good growth in checking accounts and household. And so, we believe that we will see nice steady growth on -- in consumer deposits. The second thing I would say is. We are again reiterating our guidance for low single-digit deposit growth through the -- end the year. And so, we do expect that will continue to grow deposits and finish the year with little growth.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Moss of B. Riley FBR.
Steve Moss: On the commercial real estate growth, here, I was just wondering weve heard more comments around competition and tighter spreads. Wondering, what you guys are seeing as relates to that? And what types of properties are driving growth?
John Turner: Yes, so a great question. We are seeing a lot of competition particularly in that term lending product. Spreads have compressed 50 basis points or more since to the beginning of year. We've had to be very selective in seeking out opportunities in the space. The growth we've had, though modest, has been in multifamily and office primarily where think we have a good expertise. This audience that -- we have been managing that portfolio very actively for quite some time and today it represents about 7% of our total loan portfolio down from, at one-time bar in the 30% range back during the crises. So, we believe it's a business that we can and will continue to grow modestly and provide really nice fee income opportunities for us, and you see that in our capital markets business and improving. Also presents an opportunity for us to grow deposits as we begin to develop more relationships with the owner operator customer who is the term lending customer. So we will grow it modestly, but carefully and again manage it I think very judiciously.
Steve Moss: And then on the securities portfolio here, I'm wondering what your thoughts are on the balances going forward as the yield curve has narrowed? And what are your thoughts, if they convert in the next couple of quarters?
David Turner: Yes, so in terms of the level of securities or the percentage for earnings assets, we dont anticipate any significant change there. If we do get some liquidity, LCR relief, we may change out some Fannie Mae securities and put them to work more effectively. But right now, we think that we just continuing to manage the book like we are with the same duration. We have a lift coming from fixed price lending and our securities book, even if rates stay flat to where they are right now as we re-rate some $12 to $14 billion worth of assets over a given year. So an inversion that you spoke, we think would be more central bank driven than a precursor to a downturn. And even with that and if rates have shifted up and re-pricing comes through, we still have a very significant tailwind in help us to continue to growing NII.
Operator: Your next question comes from Saul Martinez of UBS.
Saul Martinez: I wanted to ask about loan yield. Your C&I yield obviously picked up with the higher rates, but significantly less I think than a lot of other banks who benefited from this blowing out of LIBOR relative to the fed funds rate and maybe the leverage lease trend right down had maybe on the margin something to do with it. But I'm curious, why you're not seeing a bit more of a yield pickup as some of your yield or some of your competitors have? And does it have to do with hedging strategy? Does it have to do with the structure? But it's been over the last few quarters about 10 bps sequential with every rate hike. So I'm curious, why if there is something there that is different about your C&I growth or how you manage through the portfolio?
John Turner: I'll take a shot and maybe David can follow. Typically when our C&I business has been very much of the relationship oriented business going back a very long time is generally built around our core markets Alabama, Mississippi, Tennessee where we have very long and deep relationships. We enjoy a significant demand deposits associated with those relationships in that business, and while we don't -- as we look at our peers typically don't get the same yield on the loan side of our business. We enjoy we think a greater demand deposits and so we view it from a relationship perspective. We think that there's a fair trade-off there thats part of it. Another part of it is that we have been seeking to grow both our government and institutional banking business, which is a little more competitive, and yields are narrower, and separately, we've been working hard to stem the tide runoff in our owner-occupied real estate portfolio. And so, deals there have been compressed a bit to.
David Turner: I'll add other thing and really you got to look at the whole relationship first, taking apart loan side versus deposits. But we didn't have the leverage lease impairment $5 million you pointed out, that's about three basis points of that change too. So thats other piece of this.
Saul Martinez: Yes, it's just kind of hard to triangulate though, if some of your peers having 30 bps to 30 plus bps, yield pickup sequentially pointing to the higher LIBOR, and you guys have been pretty consistent at 10 basis points for quarter when you have a rate hike. So, everything you said make sense, but I want to know if there is anything -- it has anything to do with how you -- because hedging strategy and structure of the loan because it seems like there's a bit of a disconnect versus what we've seen some of the other banks reported.
John Turner: So, you got to look at mix, you have to look at everybody's hedging strategy. But if you look at our assets sensitivity, 25% of its on the short-term, 25% of its on the middle term and 50s on the long end. So that will have a little bit of the dampening impact in terms of rate increases that move up. And so, I think that it's really hard to compare peers to peer. There are a lot puts and takes on it.
Saul Martinez: If I could just get in a quick one, the indirect other consumer obviously growing pretty, pretty well the green sky. But where do you think -- can you remind us, where you think that book can grow to in terms of absolute size over the next year or two?
John Turner: So, we do have limits in terms of how much we want, our indirect other get to. Right now, our indirect other consumer about a 7 billion, were looking at that number to be in that $2 billion range. So, some growth there, but not a extraordinary growth.
Saul Martinez: 2 billion by year end.
John Turner: I would say overtime, yes.
Operator: Next question comes from Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott: Maybe following up on the earlier discussion on M&A. Can you kind of outline both on the non-banks side and the banks side either from a product point of view or geography points of view, other areas where if the prices rise and the economics will rise you be particularly interested from a strategic perspective?
David Turner: With respect to non-bank, I think our focus has been on, as I said earlier, adding capabilities so whether it'd be in capital markets or in wealth management as an example, adding products capabilities that help us fill gaps to meet customer needs. We've been acquiring loan portfolios, mortgage servicing rights, and those things and we'll continue to do. We have capacity within our mortgage servicing operation. I think we do that well and so we will continue to likely add to that portfolio. On the bank side, typically our interest is going to be in footprint. We talk about size and I think that ranges, but our conversations have been in the $3 billion to $15 billion kind of range. We're not interested, as I said earlier, and doing the transaction that would be a significantly dilutive intangible book value and earned backs are important to us. I hope that gives you a little bit of perspective.
Geoffrey Elliott: And then, a quick one on the CCAR, it looks from the CCAR results like there is some preferred issuance baked into the ask, as I think there was last year as well. Could you discuss a little bit what those you confirm that's the case? And then discus the circumstances when you'd be expecting to issue preferred?
David Turner: So, Geoffrey, originally, we had a preferred issuance build in, but that was in 2019. We do need to continue to watch changes regulatory changes with regards to the SAB in terms of how that might impact our capital ratios, in terms of will it have us, have more common and therefore negate the need to have preferred stock overtime. There is more to come there, but we want to make sure that so we have an appropriate amount of capital Tier 1 and Common Equity Tier 1. Our focus right now in the short term has been to get our common equity down to our 9.5% target range, and as we do that, we need to make sure we backfill appropriately for Tier 1. And if we don't get relief through the SAB, then we'll a preferred issuance in their right now baked in '19.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: I was wondering if you can talk about the kind of relationship of provision expense to charge offs, look at the next few quarter obviously this quarter, I was very close to matching after a couple of quarters of released, but with loans starting to grow again here. I'm wondering if you give some color on that.
Barbara Godin: Yes, I think you will continue to see a match provision to charge off and there could be a slight build relative to the loan growth as one would expect.
David Turner: Okay, and in terms of the loans that you are adding now, say the indirect consumer which is in that bag, but the growth that you are getting their in terms of some of the other portfolios. Are they given the lost content of what's being added as higher than what's lending off? Or is it still some kind of underlying de-risking, I would say whole back we runs off of things like that?
Barbara Godin: I think we're going to see some modest improvement in our numbers across all of our portfolios over the balance of the year, definitely, and what we are putting on the is that very high quality, very happy with it. What we're seeing with those loans is in fact they are performing very well and we would expect them to continue to perform well, including better than those that are paying off.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: I knew that there is -- you've mentioned briefly some, what trajectory is Simplify and Grow is. But maybe can you give us a little bit of color to the kinds of actions that have been taken pass quarter or so? And how you expect the operating leverage trajectory to shift from here, as at the run rate that we been seeing over the last year or so? Or do you feel that were moving into a peer where there could be a little bit more acceleration in that trajectory?
David Turner: John Owen is leading that work. I asked him to answer your question and you maybe David could follow on as well.
John Owen: Good morning everyone. Were making good progress on Simplify and Grow initiative is. We said earlier we got about 40 initiatives that are underway. We started this about seven months ago and I think we're off to a really good start. Let me give you a couple of examples of products we have underway. I think that might provide some color and background. First, let focus on to be our consumer lending space, we got a team working on how we take all of our consumer lending categories and make them fully 100% digital, meaning a customer can come in and start a digital channel whether it's a mobile device, iPad or laptop, start there and face that loan complete digital. Were going to do that for all consumer loan categories for well down the road in that process. I will tell you by the end of 2018, we will have the majority of that work done. There will be something we will spill over into 2019, but example of some of the changes we've made, I take the mortgage application process. If we reengineered that process, were going through second half about half of the day requirements for the application. That's taking the application time, down from over 15 minutes under 5 minutes. The other thing seeing is a huge shift in adoption in terms of filling out your application in digital format. In December only about 20% of our apps were filled out in the digital space. Were now about approaching 60% of our application still down the digital space. The other one I would point out, the other initiatives is on our commercial lending process. We've gone through and really put a dedicated team focus at, how do we reengineer that process really with the goal being for us to get a faster answer back to customers. So from applications time to, yes or no to a customer, we drop that by about 70%. And so team has done a great job of making banking much easier for our commercial customers. The last one I would point out would be in our contact center area. We've gone through and used IBM Watson in our contact center really to provide some assistance to our reps, so they can better assist our customers. Couple of use cases that we have deployed, the first being, for certain call types Watson actually take the call, handle the call with the customer, and service that call right there with Watson. We've had about 700,000 calls already year-to-date that Watson has handle that call from start to finish. Thats equivalent to about 55 contact center reps in that initiative alone. The other thing we've done as we gone through and really tried arm our reps with to be able to have quick fast answers back to customers, and we have Watson so that almost in a chat mode. So a customer -- I mean, a rep can actually ask Watson questions when they have a customer on the phone. They have done that 700,000 times year-to-date. And so, a lot of good work there, a lot of good energy. As David mentioned earlier about headcount, and one of the things that if you think about headcount and also corporate real estate, those are two big indicators that you can watch to see us while we're making progress on our Simplify and Grow strategy. Were down about 770 positions through June and that's a direct result of management actions that had been taken with these 40 plus initiatives that are out there. Also Regions insurance closing on July the 2nd, that's about 644 positions eliminated there. And in the balance of the second half of the year, you will see Simplify and Grow impact probably another 500 positions in the second half of this year. That's over 1,900 positions and what I would tell you is, that will really show up in 2019 when we get the full run rate. The last point I would make would be on a real-estate side. We've got a good opportunity to continue to reduce our space across the bank. We will be down about 700,000 square feet this year. We expect that trend to continue.
David Turner: So, Betsy, I'll add to that. So, operating leverage today is 2.7%. We are reiterating our guidance of 3.5% for the year. We get there both by having improvements in revenues whether it'd come from rate balance sheet growth, Simplify and Growth initiatives helps through revenue, and then continuing to watch our cost for the remainder of the year. You will see the benefits that as John just mentioned really ramp up in the third and fourth quarters, such that, gives us confidence that, not only we're going to meet our operating leverage target, but we're also getting our efficiency ratio below the 60% level.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. That was a really helpful color. It sounds like you are well prepared for that question. Yes, exactly one other just a separate topic, but David on the capital, I know we talked a little bit about capital and capital return already. Just especially sense the insurance acquisition -- or insurance I sorry, sale is happening this year. Is there any opportunity to do a mid quarter task or a de minimis as well in terms of capital return?
David Turner: Well, so, we had baked into our submission to the extent we generate the capital that we were also going to be able to include that and that is in the numbers that you see. So that $300 million has already been asked for. So, there is no need to go back. There is always an opportunity to do back on the de minimis. The de minimis is a fairly small number now and we will have to see circumstances changes. We do not anticipate that, but it's always an option.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Winter of Wedbush.
Peter Winter: I just wanted to follow up on the efficiency ratio looking out longer term, if you're still targeting, bring it down to the mid-50s. And over what timeframe, do you think you can get there?
David Turner: So, we've been pretty focused on our '18 to just kind of make sure we meet that. It's the third year of our three-year plan we laid out at Investor Day in November of '15. Now, we are going to have our Investor Day in February of '19 where we will have our scorecard on what we told we are going to do. And that we're going to be laying out expectations for the next three years. You've heard me I mentioned before, I think our industry is going to have to begin more efficient overtime, and I think we will certainly do that. And I think targeting something in the 50, mid 50s to maybe even better than that overtime is on the table. I think you should see us through Simplify and Grow initiatives to get just a little better each quarter, but when can we hit that mid 50s, we haven't really gone out and said that. You're going have to wait and show up in February to here. But I think in the not too distant future, we could actually get there.
John Turner: Yes, I would just reiterate that. I think were very focused on continuing to improve the efficiency of our operations. And we'd make the point there our Simplify and Grow initiative, we try to be clear that is not a program, it's really about making a cultural shift here at Regions. It's about developing a culture of continuous improvement. We've got to always be looking for how we do we make it easier for our customers and banker do business? How do we improve our processes? How do we drive efficiency to be more effective and deliver more value for our shareholders? So, we are very committed to doing that.
Peter Winter: And just a follow up, if I look last year, the share buyback coming out of CCAR. You frontend loaded that buyback. Should we expect kind of similar type trend this year?
David Turner: Well, we havent led out our timing, Peter, but we have a pretty, pretty tall order to get that done as soon as possible and that's our goal. We are carrying excess capital right now that's really been an anchor from a return standpoint and we would like to get back capital right size, sooner rather than later. So I'll leave it back.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Just one follow-up question for me. You've mentioned that 93% of our container deposits have high quality checking accounts tie to them. Obviously, the consumer beta stands at 1% on accumulative basis. I guess I just want to make sure I am understanding the message correctly a lot of your peers are starting to die towards more aggressive betas going forward. Is it that a lot of your consumer retail accounts are transactional and dont have that excess cash that potentially could rotate away from Regions into some of these online offering? Are we reading that correctly?
David Turner: Thats a big piece of our deposits base and thats why it's been fairly stable, thats why it was our beta was low last time, thats why we think it will be low this time. And we have the core checking account of our consumer base. And that is really, really important, very granular average deposit of about $3,500 in account. So, thats what makes us unique and thats how we win from a beta standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Marinac of FIG partners.
Christopher Marinac: Thanks David. I had a similar question as Erica, but just want to look at it from the angle of the non-metro markets. To what extent does that keep working for you as we get further along in the right cycle? Is that still a benefit that you have?
David Turner: Yes, absolutely. We think it's foundational to who we are and non-metro markets, thats a big part of our deposit base. It's not just deposits but as a whole relationship that we have these customers that are very loyal to us, and we dominate in those market. So it's important for us to continue to provide good solid customer service and we will retain those deposits, which we think again is foundational and really is a differentiator. We've had this strategic advantage for a long time, but without rates rising someone, we couldn't extract value until now. And so, we think that continues on -- in the future. Now offset to that is, our growth relative to some of those smaller markets is it as robust as some of the major metro, which is why you see us -- you've have seen us make some investments in major metros like Atlanta where we can capture some of that faster growth, but we dont want to abandoned that core customer base in the smaller markets. So, that's really our strategy on both sides.
Christopher Marinac: Is there a way to pinpoint the rate advantage between metro versus non-metro even in just on the big picture context?
David Turner: We can get back to you on that Chris.
Operator: Your final question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: David, can you share with us -- in the securities portfolio, I think, you said that about $12 billion to $14 billion is reinvest every year. Did I hear that correctly?
David Turner: That's total assets. Gerard. It's probably 2 billion to 3 billion in the securities book and about 10 to 11 in the loan book.
Gerard Cassidy: In the securities book, what yields are you giving up when it rolls off? And where do you reinvesting? And what is the duration in that portfolio as well?
David Turner: Yes, so our duration really can't change overtime. We are in 4 to 4.5 years in terms of duration what's rolling off is in the 250 range and what's going on is about in 315 range. So, that was one of the benefits of operations stay here that reinvest on the maturities again both in securities and loans is a big benefit to us.
Gerard Cassidy: And then, circling back to deposits, one of your peer banks talked about they are seeing their commercial customers using their cash to -- for capital expenditures, which is one of the reasons they felt their commercial loan growth was a bit modest. Is there any evidence with your corporate and commercial loan book in talking to our customers that they are drawing down on their deposits for capital expenditures? And down the road you might see the loan growth as they use up those excess deposits?
John Turner: Gerard, this is John. Yes, we think that is exactly the case and we would point to $500 million is more or less and deposits decline that we think have been directed related to the customers putting that to work It's sort of a -- that's a more specific number than it ought to be more of a round number I guess. But that kind of the runoff that we've seen has I think largely been we believe use our customers to invest in their businesses. And as a result at some point, we think that will translate into additional loan growth.
Gerard Cassidy: And then lastly, David, you mentioned that you're outperforming on the beta. Have you guys figured out why the beta so far this year has just moved so slowly? Is it just the nominal rate of interest rates being so low or is there another factor?
David Turner: Well, I think for us, if you look at our retail base betas of 1% gets back to the makeup of our deposit base and who customers are which was really the Chris' first question I was trying to answer. We go to the business side, we've had a cumulative beta of about 44%. Those are often times large corporate customers that are looking everything rates go up for their fair share, and I think that we have to be prepared for that just like we are on competitiveness from a loan pricing standpoint. But what differentiates us is our intent intense focus on relationship banking, whether it would be on the consumer side or to the businesses side or the wealth side. It's really important for us to maintain the relationship and have all the products and services delivered to our customers and we think that's what helps keeps our data down as well.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to John Turner for any closing remarks.
John Turner: Just thank you all for participating today. Appreciate your time. Thanks for interest in Regions.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dana Nolan - Head of IR Grayson Hall - Chairman & CEO David Turner - Senior EVP & CFO John Owen - Senior EVP and Head of Enterprise Services & Consumer Banking John Turner - President
Analysts: John Pancari - Evercore Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs Erika Najarian - Bank of America Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Ken Usdin - Jefferies Christopher Spahr - Wells Fargo Steve Moss - B. Riley FDR Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Gerard Cassidy - RBC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Shelby. Welcome to Regions First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Grayson Hall, our Chief Executive Officer, will review highlights of our first quarter financial performance; and David Turner, our Chief Financial Officer, will take you through the details of the quarter. Other members of management are also present and available to answer questions. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and earning supplement are available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Our forward-looking statements disclosure and non-GAAP reconciliations are included in the appendix of today's presentation and within our SEC filings. These cover our presentation materials, prepared comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of today's call. With that, I will now turn the call over to Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Thanks, Dana. Good morning, and thank you for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying we're pleased with our first quarter 2018 results, which represent a good start to the year. For the first quarter, we reported solid earnings from continuing operations of $398 million, up 44%, and earnings per share of $0.35, an increase of 52% compared to the first quarter of the prior year. Importantly, we delivered positive operating leverage with solid revenue growth and disciplined expense management, and this marks another strong quarter of respect asset quality. We continue to benefit from our asset-sensitive balance sheet and strong deposit franchise, which drove a 6% year-over-year increase in net interest income and a 21 basis point increase in net interest margin. Total new and renewed loan production increased 24% over the prior year, resulting in a modest adjusted average loan growth during the first quarter. In terms of the economy, we remain encouraged by improving conditions, as well as customer sentiment. The consumer generally remains healthy, and we continue to experience growth in our consumer loan portfolios, as well as consumer deposits. During the quarter, we continue to experience broad-based improvement in most credit metrics, including further reduction in nonperforming loans, which marks the best metric in over a decade. With respect to our business strategy, we remain committed to diligent execution of our strategic plan, and we're making notable progress with respect to our Simplify and Grow strategic initiative. As part of that effort, in March, we announced steps to streamline our structure, creating more distinct lines of responsibility and much clearer accountability. These changes simplify our organization, strengthen our connection with our customers, increase engagement with our communities and create greater alignment with our business and our strategies. In addition, through reinforcing our commitment to our communities, we believe these changes will further improve service quality and make banking easier for our customers. Related, two weeks ago we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our Regions Insurance Group subsidiary. This transaction further supports our efforts to simplify and streamline our company and focus on businesses where we can add the most value. It also demonstrates our strategic planning and capital allocation process in action and aligns with our Simplify and Grow initiative. In addition, we continue to evaluate our retail network strategy and recently approved plans to consolidate between 30 and 40 additional branches during 2018. To facilitate growth, weve also plan to open approximately 20 de novo branches in certain high-growth priority markets. Rest assured, during this time of transformational change for our company, we remain focused as ever on providing customers with exemplary service. This is what relationship banking is all about, and it's at the core of our needs-based, go-to-market strategy. Validating our approach, we recently received recognitions from several external sources for our superior customer service. For the fifth consecutive year, Regions was ranked among the top 10% of companies across a wide range of industries in the Timken Experience Rankings. And for the fourth consecutive year, Regions has received the Gallup Great Workplace Award for employee engagement. Regions was also recognized by Greenwich Associates with 22 excellence awards for small business and middle market customer service, and Regions ranked second highest in customer satisfaction for advance guidance in the J.D. Power Retail Banking Sales Practices and Advice Study. Again, these awards provide evidence that our needs based, go-to-market strategy continues to resonate with customers and associates. As we look forward, we believe there are four key areas providing considerable momentum for Regions. First is our asset sensitivity and funding advantage driven by our low-cost deposit base, which we believe provides a significant franchise value and a competitive advantage in a rising rate environment. Second relates to asset quality. We experienced another quarter of broad-based improvements in credit quality and continue to expect modest improvements throughout the remainder of the year. Next, robust capital returns as we move towards our target Common Equity Tier 1 ratio included the anticipated capital generated from the sale of our Regions Insurance subsidiary. Finally, we expect additional improvements in core performance through our Simplify and Grow initiative, which is well underway as evidenced by our actions during the quarter. I will now turn the call over to David to cover the details of the first quarter. David?
David Turner: Thank you, and good morning. As Grayson mentioned, we are pleased with our first quarter results, which reflect improvement in several areas and solid momentum as we head into the remainder of 2018. Before we get started, it's important to point out that the decision to sell our Insurance business meets the criteria for reporting as discontinued operations at March 31st. My comments this morning will be limited to results from continuing operations, and our earning supplements provides recast historical results that exclude insurance. Now let's start with the balance sheet, beginning with average loans. Adjusted average loan balances increased $620 million or 1% over the prior quarter. Adjusted loans exclude the third party indirect vehicle portfolio, as well as the impact of a $254 million sale of residential mortgage loans that occurred during the first quarter. This sale consisted primarily of Troubled Debt Restructured or TDR loans, which are punitive for purposes of the FDIC assessment and include elevated loss assumptions under adverse capital planning scenarios. This, coupled with an improving market for re-performing TDR loans, provided an opportunity to further derisk our balance sheet. Within consumer, we continue to generate consistent loan growth across most categories. Adjusted average balances in the consumer lending portfolio totaled $30.1 billion, reflecting an increase of $157 million. Growth in residential mortgage, indirect other consumer, indirect vehicle and consumer credit card was partially offset by continued declines in home equity balances. Turning to the business lending portfolio. Average balances totaled $48.6 billion, reflecting an increase of $463 million as growth in C&I loans was partially offset by declines in owner-occupied commercial real estate and investor real estate. C&I loans grew $775 million, led by growth in government and institutional banking, energy and natural resources and technology and defense. And related pipelines continued to improve. Owner-occupied commercial real estate loans declined $108 million, reflecting a slowing pace of decline. Additionally, investor real estate loans declined $204 million, driven by maturities and payoffs. However, we believe this portfolio will begin to stabilize and grow in the second half of the year. For the balance of 2018, we continue to expect full year adjusted average loans to grow in the low single digits. Let's move on to deposits. We continue to execute a deliberate strategy to optimize our deposit base by focusing on valuable low cost consumer deposits, while reducing certain higher cost, brokered and collateralized deposits. Total average deposits declined approximately 2% during the quarter to $95.4 billion. Consumer segment deposits experienced modest growth during the quarter, consistent with our relationship banking focus, while corporate segment deposits decreased 2%, driven primarily by seasonal declines. Average deposits in the Wealth Management segment declined $221 million or 2%, driven primarily by a decline in interest-free deposits, as well as ongoing strategic reduction of collateralized deposits. Certain institutional and corporate trust customer deposits within the wealth segment, which requires collateralization by securities, continued to shift out of deposits and into other fee income-producing customer investments. Average deposits in the other segment decreased $946 million or 36%, driven by our strategy to reduce retail brokered suite deposits. Looking forward, we continue to expect 2018 full year average deposits to grow in the low single digits, excluding brokered and wealth institutional services deposits. Let's take a look at the composition of our deposit base. During the first quarter, deposit cost increased 4 basis points to 21 basis points, largely driven by indexed accounts and annual savings account bonuses. Total funding cost remained low at 46 basis points, illustrating the strength of our deposit franchise. Further illustrating this strength, cumulative deposit betas through the current rising rate cycle are only 13%. And importantly, consumer retail deposit betas remained near zero. As expected, commercial deposit betas have been more reactive with a cumulative beta of approximately 39%. As a reminder, over 2/3rds of our deposit base is from retail customers, and those customers have been very loyal to Regions, as more than 45% of our consumer low-cost deposits are from individuals who have been deposit customers for more than 10 years. We are well positioned to maintain a lower deposit beta relative to peers given our large deposit franchise, customer loyalty, market locations, small account balances and our strong liquidity position. We are also committed to paying our customers competitive and appropriate rates on their deposits. Let's take a look at how this impacted our results. On an adjusted basis, net interest income was $909 million, representing an increase of $2 million from the prior quarter, and net interest margin was 3.46%, an increase of 7 basis points. These increases were driven by higher market interest rates, marginally offset by the incremental cost of our opportunistic bank debt issuance earlier in the quarter. In addition, two fewer days in the quarter reduced net interest income by approximately $10 million, but benefited net interest margin by approximately 4 basis points. As a reminder, offsetting the net interest margin benefit from day count is a permanent reset downward of approximately 4 basis points associated with the reduced taxable equivalent adjustment resulting from tax reform. With respect to full year 2018, due to higher interest rate expectations relative to our original forecast assumptions, we now expect adjusted net interest income growth in the 4% to 6% range. Specific to the second quarter of 2018, we expect net interest income and net interest margin to increase, reflecting the full benefit of the March rate increase and current expectations for higher short term rates. Keep in mind, one additional day in the second quarter will benefit net interest income approximately $5 million, but reduce net interest margin by approximately 2 basis points. We expect continued growth in net interest income consistent with our improved full year outlook, and we expect net interest margin to be stable to up modestly. Let's move on to fee revenue. Adjusted non-interest income totaled $503 million, reflecting a decrease of $3 million or 1% from the fourth quarter. Other non-interest income includes a $6 million increase to the value of an equity investment and $7 million in net gains associated with the sale of certain low income housing investments. Offsetting these gains were $4 million of net impairment charges related to certain operating lease assets. Capital markets experienced another strong quarter. However, income declined from a record high fourth quarter. Although timing can be difficult to project, we do expect capital markets income to be a significant contributor to adjusted non-interest income growth in 2018. Card and ATM fees were seasonally lower, reflecting lower interchange income. An increase in mortgage income was driven by improvement in the market valuation of mortgage servicing rights and related hedging activity. Consumer fee income categories are an important and stable component of fee revenue and are also expected to contribute to overall growth in 2018. With respect to full year 2018, we continue to expect adjusted non-interest income growth in the 3% to 6% range. Let's move on to expenses. On an adjusted basis, non-interest expense decreased $7 million or 1% attributable primarily to decreases in expense associated with Visa Class B shares and FDIC assessments, partially offset by increases in salaries and benefits and professional fees. Recent unsecured debt issuances and the residential mortgage loan sale, consisting primarily of troubled debt restructured loans, contributed to a reduction in the FDIC assessment. Excluding the impact of severance charges, salaries and benefits increase nominally due primarily to seasonally higher payroll taxes, partially offset by staffing reductions. Efforts to simplify our organizational structure, including previously discussed structural changes, contributed to approximately 350 fewer positions since year-end and 735 fewer positions since the first quarter of the prior year. These efforts contributed to increased severance charges this quarter. We do expect to incur additional severance charges throughout the remainder of 2018 as we execute on our Simplify and Grow strategic initiative. The increase in professional fees is primarily attributable to higher consulting fees. The adjusted efficiency ratio was 60.5%, essentially unchanged from the prior quarter. Of note, the company also generated 2.3% adjusted positive operating leverage over the first quarter of 2017. We experienced solid growth in adjusted pretax pre-provisioned income, increasing 11% and reflecting its highest level in almost 10 years. For full year 2018, we expect adjusted operating leverage of 3% to 5%, relatively stable adjusted expenses and an adjusted efficiency ratio of less than 60%. The first quarter effective tax rate was 23.6%. However, we continue to expect the full year effective tax rate between 20% and 22%. Shifting to asset quality. Broad-based asset quality improvement continue during the quarter. Non-performing, criticized and troubled debt restructured loans, as well as total delinquencies all declined. Marking the lowest level in over a decade, non-performing loans, excluding loans held for sale, decreased $49 million or 8% and now represent 0.75% of loans outstanding. We also reported a 9% and 13% decline in business services criticized and total troubled debt restructured loans, respectively, and a 4% decline in total delinquencies. Adjusted net charge-offs totaled $79 million or 40 basis points of average loans, a 9 basis point increase over the prior quarter. The increase in net charge-offs was primarily attributable to larger recoveries in the prior quarter. As it relates to the allowance for loan losses, a $30 million reduction of hurricane specific allowance and a $21 million reduction associated with the TDR sale, combined with payoffs and paydowns of adversely rated loans, resulted in a credit provision of $10 million. The allowance for loan and lease losses decreased 12 basis points to 1.05% of total loans outstanding. The resulting allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of total non-accrual loans decreased 4 basis points to 140%. For the full year of 2018, we expect net charge-offs to be in the range of 35 to 50 basis points, and based on recent performance and current market conditions, we would expect to be at lower end of that range. However, volatility in certain credit metrics can be expected, especially related to large dollar commercial credits. So let's move on to capital and liquidity. During the first quarter, we repurchased $235 million or 12.5 million shares of common stock and declared $101 million in dividends to common shareholders. As Grayson mentioned, following quarter end, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our insurance subsidiary. Subject to regulatory approval, this transaction is expected to generate additional capital of approximately $300 million at closing, which is expected to be in the third quarter. The capital generated is expected to be used to repurchase shares of common stock, subject to review and non-objection by the Federal Reserve, as part of the 2018 CCAR process. Our first quarter capital ratios remained robust. Under Basel III, the Tier 1 capital ratio was estimated at 11.9%, and the fully phased-in Common Equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 11.0%. Finally, our liquidity position remains solid with a low loan-to-deposit ratio of 82%, and we were fully compliant with the liquidity coverage ratio rule as of quarter end. Regarding 2018 expectations. With exception of an increase in adjusted net interest income growth, our expectations remain unchanged and are summarized again on this slide for your reference. So in conclusion, our first quarter results provide a solid start to the year, and we believe our Simplify and Grow strategic initiative, along with other opportunities and competitive advantages position us well for 2018 and beyond. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning, and I will now turn it back over to Dana.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, David. [Operator Instructions] We will now open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John Pancari of Evercore.
John Pancari: Good morning. On the McKinsey study, just wanted to see if you can update us with your - any expectations you've developed out of that in terms of a targeted efficiency. And how much of that - of any target that comes out of that, would you expect would be revenue versus expenses? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes, John. This is David. So we've - we had elements of McKinsey built into the guidance that we've given you for 2018. We're still working through - we just kind of got the first part of this done in the first quarter. There's a lot more to do. And we're going to update you on kind of a three year, this is going to be a longer journey. This is not a 2018 only. We'll have elements of this working through a couple of years, 2 to 3 years, actually. We're going to update all that at our Investor Day, which will happen in February of '19. With that being said, there's elements of McKinsey of how we keep our expense number relatively flat this year, and there's elements of McKinsey on how we get the growth in revenue of 3% to 6% on NIR for 2018 as well. As we think about the total commitment on revenue, it's about 70% of it is expense and about 30% of it is on the revenue side. That's our best guess, thus far. We will refine those as we go through the remainder of our Simplify and Grow initiative.
Grayson Hall: Efficiency ratio.
David Turner: From an efficiency ratio standpoint, we've given your guidance. It will be below 60%. As you know, we had - when the tax rate change that cost all of us, all of our peers, for the tax adjustment for us it's about 50 basis points going the other way. We did not change our guidance because we had Simplify and Grow, and we also had our insurance transaction in mind at the time. So we think we're confident we'll have an efficiency ratio below 60% in '18. And that being said, we think, over time we're going to need to be in that mid-50s, and we're working towards that.
John Pancari: Got it. That's helpful. And then separately, on the capital side. You mentioned the insurance sale. And along those lines, can you just talk to us about how you're thinking about the business mix? If there's other areas of the business that you think you would possibly exit. And then conversely, how are you thinking about additions to the business in terms of whole bank M&A, and maybe a thought on the environment? Thanks.
Grayson Hall: John, first of all, the Regions Insurance has been a part of our business for a while. It's a very - we made a very analytical, thoughtful evaluation to that. It was a valuable asset for us, a very talented team in the Regions Insurance Group. But we had reached a point in our analysis where we had to make a decision on how best to deploy our capital and should we try to increase the scale of our participation in that segment, or where there - was there a more valuable asset for someone else. And as you see, we came through what was a complex but thoughtful decision. It took what was a viable asset to us, and we think we made a good decision for ourselves, for our customers and for our team members that are in that business. When we look at opportunities to grow, as we've said in the past, we're primarily focused on organic growth, trying to determine how to do that. We, on a very ongoing disciplined basis, look at how we're allocating our capital by product, by business, by geography. And we look for opportunities to acquire where it will help accelerate growth. We've been fairly active in non-bank acquisitions. We continue to review those opportunities. We've been very studious on bank acquisitions but continue to look at the markets and how we trade versus banks that we might be interested in and still economically challenging. So while we're looking at it, we're studying it. We understand where the markets are at. We just think the opportunity for bank M&A for us is fairly limited at the moment. And so we're trying to prioritize how we grow. And again, I think organic is the first way we grow, and non-bank acquisition is the second way we grow at this moment.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Hey. Good morning, guys. Maybe I'll ask John's question a little different way. Was there a full business review done in making the decision to selling the insurance business. I know you're currently looking at other businesses to potentially sell that. You're either subscale or you're not achieving your desired returns?
Grayson Hall: I mean, Ryan, absolutely. I mean, we take a full business review of all of our businesses on a fairly frequent basis. But we - David has probably mentioned hundreds of times in terms of optimizing our allocation of capital, and we really spend a lot of time not only in our finance team, but also in our business leadership teams, determining exactly what a reasonable rate of return is for those businesses. We set different hurdles for them. As you might imagine, we debate them back and forth because those profit pools expand and contract depending on where you're at in the cycle. And so we look at - we try to look at these businesses on a long-term sustainable basis, not just a particular point in time. As you might imagine, our decision to divest Regions Insurance was a difficult decision because we've been in that business for a long time, and then like I said, a great team of people running it. But when we look at the risk-adjusted returns in that business and what we had to do to improve those, we came to the conclusion, given where those assets are trading today, that the best decision for us was to divest that business. We look at all our businesses that way. And not that we intend to share our debates, but you can rest assure that there's a rigorous debate going on all the time regarding businesses that we're in. David, you want to add to that?
David Turner: Yes. I would say that there are a lot of factors that we look at, as Grayson mentioned, in evaluating a business. We look at how synergistic businesses are or not. In this particular case, Insurance, we had more of a retail platform than BB&T did. BB&T has a wholesale platform that they can marry up with retail. They had more scale in the business than we did. And for us, to get to scale, we thought we needed to have to become more efficient at it. As you can see now, the efficiency ratio is pretty high for us in the business. And to get the scale and the efficiency ratio, then it was going to require a disproportionate amount of capital investment that we felt we can use elsewhere. And it's a good thing -- it's a good business, good people. As a matter of fact, we use them as well, and we think that BB&T can do more than we can, and we have -- we'll put our capital to use in a more appropriate fashion.
Grayson Hall: And we do think it is a good transaction for us and likewise think it was a good transaction for BB&T.
Ryan Nash: Got it. Thanks for all the color. And I guess, David, you noted in the slides that consumer betas are near zero, commercial is running just below 40. Can you maybe just give us a sense what's baked into your 4% to 6% NII growth for the rest of the year? And have you had to make any changes on the consumer side with the most recent hikes? Thanks for taking my question.
David Turner: Yes. So you're right. That consumer beta has been low to nonexistent. We do think we'll get pressure over time. We aren't seeing it on the consumer side yet, but we expect that to happen. And we have a beta still baked in that 35% range, going up to 60% over time. The commercial side, a lot of that's indexed to the funds rate or other rates in Wealth Management. And we've been fairly conservative with our betas. They've proven out better than we thought. We're at 13% cumulative beta, and we think for the next -- maybe the next one or two moves, maybe we keep it low. But over time, it's going to catch up to where we think it's going to be in that 40% to 60% range. As you think about Q2, we really don't put a beta forecast -- we haven't given you that, but we expect that to be fairly similar to what we just saw this past quarter.
Ryan Nash: Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I just wanted to get a little bit of clarity in terms of timing of announcement regarding some of the conclusions from Simplify and Grow. I think the market had been expecting some - an update, a more formal update in the summer. I'm wondering if there still will be a formal update in the summer in addition to during your February '19 Investor Day, or should we wait until the '19 Investor Day to get a more robust update?
David Turner: Yes, Erika, we - what we want to do is make sure we have a very solid footing on our Simplify and Grow, the effects of that on our business before we go to the market with it. I think what we've leaned over time since our Investor Day is credibility. We're doing what we said we're going to do. We want to make sure we're ready and have the right commitment. We do know that will happen by Investor Day, so you'll have a lot of clarity at the Investor Day. And to the extent that we get further down the road, we'll give you an update as we determine that. I think we will have probably something incremental. Each quarter, we'll give you something incremental, but the full-fledged, here's what it's going to mean for really '19 and '20 and beyond is at Investor Day. It is -- as you can imagine, putting things in motion today, you're really -- it takes time to receive -- to garner the benefit of those changes, and so we don't see a ton of change on our business in all of '18. You'll see elements of that trickling in the back half of '18, and we'll give you that guidance as it becomes known, and perhaps, we'll give you some incremental in the second quarter.
Grayson Hall: But Erika, I would say you're going to hear from us every quarter on things that we're doing that we more broadly place under that umbrella. You clearly heard this quarter on our sale of the troubled debt restructured loans, that broadly falls under the Simplify and Grow umbrella. We also had the Regions Insurance sale. We also, in the prepared remarks, gave you how much our headcount was down quarter-over-quarter, as well as how much it was down year-over-year. You've seen a number of public press releases on our reorganization efforts in terms of how we line up to go to market. And so you're going to hear this every quarter. And this quarter was probably one of the more informative quarters we've had in a while. And you'll see that continue throughout the year. To David's point, we'll continue to give those every quarter, but then you'll see us embed those in our 3 year forecast at Investor Day next February. But it's not like you got to wait for February to hear some of this. But clearly, some of these things we're doing, we can't preannounce prior to actually executing the transactions.
Erika Najarian: Got it. So my follow-up then is - the better way to think about it is simplify and Grow is part of your business-as-usual-way- of conducting your day to day. And so as we think about '18 and '19, even though, in the formal announcement, it's not until February, you're still simplifying and -- taking those initiatives that your shareholders can reap benefits in '18 and '19?
Grayson Hall: Absolutely. And I wouldn't say -- I wouldn't cast February as a formal announcement of Simplify and Grow. February is a formal announcement of our next 3-year plan, and our Simplify and Grow activity will be embedded in that plan.
Erika Najarian: Understood. Very clear. Thank you.
Grayson Hall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Grayson Hall: Morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Morning. Couple of questions. One is on the 2018 expectations. You indicated a fee growth target. And obviously, you have sold the insurance business. I just wanted to make sure I understood that there's other areas that are going to be picking up and making up for the insurance business sale. Is that accurate?
David Turner: Well - so we put Regions Insurance Group in discontinued operations, and we've restated everything. So you've got to go back to the restated baseline as well. So we're talking about 3% to 6% off of that. We're not going to do 3% to 6% off of overcoming the gross revenue of insurance.
Betsy Graseck: Right. And so what you're suggesting is that the fee growth rate really was not being impacted by the insurance business?
David Turner: That's right. We had 3% -- that's right. We've had 3% to 6% regardless.
Betsy Graseck: Great, okay. And then just on some of the investments. You mentioned the de novo branches. Maybe you could give us a sense of size, scale, scope, market, timing?
Grayson Hall: I'll ask John Owen to respond to that.
John Owen: Good morning. This is John Owen. We were going to roll out probably 20 branches of this year. They'd be concentrated, really, in three markets. St. Louis will be the majority, where eight or nine of our branches will open in St. Louis in the, really, second, third quarter time period. Atlanta would be another market where we're going to open branches on this quarter. And the last would be Houston. So those would be the key markets you'll see the roughly 20 branches open this year. There'll be a few infill markets in Memphis and Knoxville, and Charlotte and Williamsville as well. The other thing on a branching standpoint that were mentioned, consolidation, we've got roughly 30 to 40 consolidations teed up as well. So you'll our net branch count will be down a little bit, but you'll see us continue to invest in key markets.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then the trajectory of investment and expense saves, obviously, fits into the efficiency ratio expectations you've got. Do you feel like this type of pace is something to continue into 2019, '20 -- over the next couple of years? Or do you feel like your branch network will be where you want it to be by the end of this year?
John Owen: I would tell you, over the next two to three years, you'll see us continue to build roughly 20 to 30 branches a year in select markets. We also have opportunities where we can to continue to consolidate. The opportunities on consolidation are getting a little bit harder, if you will. We've consolidated, in the last two years, about 10% of our network over the last two years. And there's opportunity, and a lot of that opportunity is what I'll call two for ones or thee for ones, where we're taking a branch and expanding a branch to absorb two or thee of the branches that are nearby. So you'll see us balance out building and consolidating.
Grayson Hall: But Betsy, it's - our branch rationalization process is part of how we manage channels, in general, whether it's our digital channel, our contact centers, our ATMs, our branches. And it's a fairly dynamic review, and it's been one we've had in place for quite some time. And to John's point, we'll continue to make annual adjustments to that as we see markets change and we see customer behavior change. And so it's a very analytical process. And so we make forecast out three years on that, but we review them constantly. So if we need to make in-flight adjustments, we can do that.
John Owen: The only thing I would add is the fact that the reason we've been able to consolidate as many branch as we have is our investments in our online and mobile space. We've had a lot of self-service transactions going online and mobile, and that's allowed, really, us to consolidate and not impact our growth.
Betsy Graseck: And just one last one, on video ATMs. When we were down there recently, it was interesting to see how much functionality that has. And I was wondering, is that strategy of video ATMs a kind of fill-in of existing footprint? Or is that more an opportunity to expand footprint?
John Owen: Yes, we've got roughly 90 video ATMs deployed. It really is -- we're finding out we're testing it a couple of different way. One, inside our branches, we're using the vestibules to extend banking hours. And to your point, customers can do most of their banking transactions on that video teller. They have an opportunity to talk to experienced banker that can help them with those transactions, and we've seen good adoption in our branches and the vestibules. We've also tried it in a few drive-thru ATMs. I would tell you, those are not quite as high usage because we don't have the ability to assist that customer and walk them through the process as well. So where we're seeing good adoption is in branch.
Grayson Hall: Yes, and, I think that if you look at our ATM network, we've continued to invest in that channel, and we've imaged-enabled all of our traditional ATMs. And we're seeing customer transactional behavior improve at what we would call a somewhat traditional ATM. We've been encouraged by the video tellers. But it also has been a learning process. We found some places it worked great and some places not so great. We think it's an interesting technology. We think that there is a place for it in our channel portfolio. But I would tell you, we're still in the early stages of that, even with 90 units in our portfolio. 90 units, even that regard, that is fairly small investment, but it's allowing us to learn how we might deploy it on a larger basis.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Grayson Hall: Hey. Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning. Hey, good morning, Grayson. Good morning, David. First question, just on the capital markets frontier within fees. It's not a good quarter, down a little bit, but expected. You talked about that being a big contributor to fee growth this year. Can you talk about just pipelines, where it's coming from and how much more you might have to still hire to build -- bulk that business up? Thanks.
John Turner: This is John Turner. We expect it to be a nice contributor to revenue growth, non-interest revenue growth through the balance of the year. I think what you're seeing is the maturation of the various product offerings that we have put together and the capabilities that we've developed. For the quarter, the growth in revenue over - year-over-year growth in revenue was broad-based across a number of different product categories, whether it was long-term real estate financing products, it was M&A, it was loan syndications, all improved year-over-year, and again, I think really reflect the maturation of the capabilities and our team's having better conversations with our customers about how we can meet their specific needs. In terms of investments, we're continuing to recruit and will continue to recruit. We see some capabilities that we still probably would aspire to have or to continue to build out. And so we expect capital markets to continue to grow nicely in 2018 on into 2019. Pipelines are pretty good for the second quarter and into part of the third at this point.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Okay. And then my last - my second question, just on all things credit continue to look excellent, all measures and you had another big quarter of reserve release, some - I know you're saying bottom end of the charge-ups this year, but is it also fair to say that there's still an amount of release that we could still see even from here? Thanks, guys.
David Turner: Yes, Ken. So we don't forecast what the reserve percentage is going to be. We're at 105%. We still have nonperforming assets. While they're down 75 basis points, we think there's room to continue to improve. We're encouraged by that. The strength of the commercial customer, the strength of the consumer is there. There are elements of consumer that ticked up just a little bit. Card would be one. But we see the consumer being very stable. We just don't think that the consumer credit metrics improved as much as we believe the commercial credit metrics can continue to come down, which manifest themselves in past -- I mean, nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets. So there's always a possibility for a reserve release, it depends on what happens with the criticized and classifieds and we'll let the model run and speak for itself.
Grayson Hall: Well, I do think you saw this quarter the very encouraging improvement in our credit metrics. A big part of that was payoffs and paydowns on some adversely rated credits that quite frankly we did not anticipate. Those are very difficult to forecast, but it's also encouraging that those customers can find alternative forms of financing today. And so we do anticipate that there's an opportunity for that trend to continue through the rest of the year.
Ken Usdin: Understood. Thanks, again.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Spahr of Wells Fargo.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Spahr: Hi, good morning. My question is just a follow-up on the Simplify and Grow strategy and the role of technology. And the March reorg that you had, where you're putting technology under John Owen, the philosophy behind that? And also a lot of the tech spend seems to be self-funding. Do you think that's going to continue through 2018 -- I mean, sorry, 2019. Thank you.
Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, if you look back historically, we've had a very consistent investment strategy into technology. We've not varied that a lot year-to-year. I think we've been pretty disciplined in that regard. And we're quite proud of the technology platform we've built. My background for the bulk of my career was in technology. John Owen has a similar background as well, and John has worked hard to strengthen and align the strategy, in particular, around our consumer customers with all the attention to digital channels that we have. As you know, Scott Peters runs our Consumer Banking Group, and he and John work together. We have an approach, from a technology perspective, of not being the leader, but being an aggressive follower of proven technology. And that strategy has worked well for us. We have done a number of upgrades in technology over the past few quarters, substantial upgrade on human resources work -- technology; wealth management, complete upgrade of that infrastructure. And so -- and in addition, treasury management. So we continue to make improvements. We get a lot of internal, external benchmarks that would indicate that that's working. So John, elaborate, if you would.
John Owen: Just a couple of points to reiterate. From a technology standpoint, we've been consistent even through the financial crisis with - and really significant investments in technology. If I think about consumer for a minute, we're very fortunate to operate on one consumer platform across all of our 1,470 branches. That gives us an advantage over competitors that have multiple platforms that they have to maintain and change over time. We also offer really good digital capabilities, invested heavily on our digital space in both online and mobile banking. Our customers give us good feedback. We have J.D. Power. They really survey our customers every quarter and give feedback on where we can make changes and where we can improve. And we come in every quarter in the top quartile in terms of our channel capabilities. From an ATM and video teller standpoint, rolled-out deposits, smart ATMs across our entire footprint, about 90 video tellers, we mentioned earlier, were testing. So a lot of investment both in the digital space and ATM space and branch channel. I'll move on to the wealth business. As Grayson mentioned, we converted about 14 platforms on our SEI platform, which really is a state-of-the-art platform, great customer experience, great associate experience, also gives us a better price point, if you will, going forward. From a commercial standpoint, our team has done really good job of inputting new iTreasury platform, which gives us a much better user interface, better reporting, better analytics in the iTreasury space. And they're working very hard with nCino to roll out new small business and commercial platforms. So a lot of good things happening. I'll tell you, it's one of those areas where you'll never be done. We're going to continually have to invest in the digital space and really balance out where we make our investments and where we place our bets. But I feel good about the platform we have in place.
Christopher Spahr: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Moss of B. Riley FDR.
Steve Moss: Good morning. I just want to flesh out the margin expectations for the second quarter here a bit more. In particular, obviously, you should benefit from the rate hike. But it looks like your borrowings came down at period-end and probably have a little bit more margin expansion than what I would just expect from a straight rate hike.
David Turner: Well, so we have a day count change going into the second quarter. So don't forget that's two points going the other way, and we were up four points this quarter as a result of day account. When you consider that and you consider the full quarter benefit of the rate hike and where we are, that - we would expect stable to up modestly in terms of margin, overcoming that two point decline for day count. And we feel much better about our NII growth for the year, which is why we changed our outlook for the entire year to that -- to the 4% to 6% range. So we think we're well positioned to take advantage of not only this past rate increase but what might be coming in the future, which we have one full rate increase baked into our expectations for the remainder of the year.
Steve Moss: Okay. And then with regard to the capital deployment and targeted CET1. I know you're still pretty high here. Obviously, you did an aggressive asset last year. How close do you think you can approach your 9.5% CET1 target by June 2019?
David Turner: June '19, we would get pretty close by then. We really have been talk about trying to get to 9.5% by the end of this year. We've messaged we can't quite get there, but we'll get awful close, I think, by the middle of the next year based on what we know today, that we'd be right on top of that. Now things can change. Risk profiles can change, the world can change, that's a long time. But based on our forecast right now, we'll be right on top of it a year from now.
Steve Moss: Okay. And do you expect the -- okay, and then by the -- do you expect the proposed NPR -- with the proposed NPR, you could lower your capital target further?
David Turner: Well, the way we think about it, forget regulatory supervision and that. We set our capital base on how much capital we think we need to run our business appropriately based on the risk profile that we have. It's not about running our capital down as low as we possibly could get it. It's the optimization. It's the right amount for that. And so as risk profiles change up and down, those capital targets will change up and down. What happens in the NPR, if it makes it a little easier for us to manage it, based on our own capital planning process versus waiting for a non-objection once a year. We do see it as favorable and not having risk-weighted assets and increasing. We see at this favorable that you don't have to consider share repurchases in an adverse scenario. So I think it would be incrementally helpful. I don't know that, that changes how we think about what our target needs to be though.
Steve Moss: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe staying with the capital points. In the past, you've talked about preferred issuance as a possibility. I mean, does that kind of go away now? Or is that something that you still might need to do as you bring the CET1 down to the 9.5%?
David Turner: Yes, Geoffrey. We've always believed that we need - again, optimization is -- optimization in terms of total capital and the capital stack that is common and preferred. And we've espoused having preferred, that's about 1.5 points more than our Common Equity Tier 1. We've been satisfying that preferred component of the stack with common. And that's awful expensive for us. So we see, over time, that we will trade out some common for preferred, and you ought to expect that to happen sometime in 2019 as we get our Common Equity Tier 1 down closer to that 9.5% level, but I have to backfill our Tier 1 with the preferred issuance.
Geoffrey Elliott: Great. Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Grayson Hall: Morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: Hello. I'm not sure you guys commented on it in some of the early remarks. But just on the securities book, the size of the securities book going forward, how should we think about that going from here? It came down a little bit versus the fourth quarter levels. And obviously, also a function of both loans and deposit growth, but how do you think about the levels there going forward?
David Turner: Yes, Matt. It's David. I think if you look at the percentage of earning assets and earning securities, I think that's going to be relatively stable. I do think if things change with specific designation and things were LCR are as important, you could see the makeup of certain securities changing out. For instance, we're using Ginnie Mae [ph] securities to help us on our high-quality liquid assets. And perhaps, we could put those to work a little more effectively for us in time. So I think that we would - we're going to continue to evaluate that and make sure we have an appropriate amount of liquidity, that we have the proper duration in the book. And as we continue to grow earning assets, we'll have some portion of that in securities.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And what's the yield pickup if there was some flexibility on the liquidity rules that you would get on a securities book overall?
David Turner: Yes, I don't think that's -- I don't think, Matt, that's fairly meaningful right now. It's not that much. I do think we have more ability to continue to pick up yield, if you will, on just the front book rolling off and the back book coming on in terms of investments, given the rate environment right now. So we have about $3 billion that'll roll out, that'll help us pick up about 70 - roughly 70 basis points of yield.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Grayson. How are you?
Grayson Hall: Doing great.
Gerard Cassidy: Good. Couple of questions for you. You obviously have very strong credit quality like many of your peers. And it was interesting to see that the criticized loans have steadily declined now for over 12 months quite materially. And can you share with us, was that energy related where you had to put some on two years ago and now they have finally come off? Or did - and the second part of that, too, did the change in the tax laws in any of your nonperforming loans or criticized loans? Did the company just get a benefit because of lower taxes and, therefore, they may have come off the criticized list?
Grayson Hall: Yes, I think I'll ask John Turner to speak in a little more detail. But clearly, we had a material exposure to the energy sector, and it's taken some time to work through that exposure as well as we had some weather-related exposure because of some hurricanes that came through Texas and through Florida. And so as time has elapsed and the economy has stayed fairly steady, and quite frankly, as liquidity has been so available that you've seen an awful lot of the composition of our loan portfolio shift and change, and as you pointed out, has improved dramatically. But I'll ask John to speak with a little more color in that regard.
John Turner: So I would say, clearly, we benefited from some improvement in the energy sector. But I would suggest the improvement is really the result of the focus that we've had on derisking certain asset classes, certain portfolios, over the last 2-plus years and improving the overall quality of our portfolio. And as we've done that, what we've seen is a significant shift in the quality. At the same time, we've had the opportunity to either see companies exit the bank or, over time, we're a payer because of the work that we've been doing with them. And naturally, I think what's had the greatest impact on asset quality is our focus across the bank on derisking and managing the overall credit quality of our portfolio origination. Credit quality is much better over the last couple of years as well, and so I think that's what you're seeing. With respect to the question about taxes, it's too early, I think, to have seen any benefit, for companies to have seen any benefit that would impact credit quality. We certainly would expect that some would experience improved cash flows, and that will help us likewise in the energy business. We still have some portion of that portfolio that's adversely rated as prices continue to firm up. And we see cash flows improve there as well. I think you can expect some additional improvement resulting from the energy portfolio improving over time.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. And then as a follow-up, changing tack here. You guys gave us some good color on the investments you're making in technology, particularly on the consumer side of the business. And there's been a lot of talk about all of the biggest banks spending billions of dollars on technology and how are the regional banks going to compete. The question is, do you look at your technology and the innovations you're making as a competitive advantage? Or is it really just the ticket to get into the ballpark, and to play on the field you got to execute? And if you don't have the technology, you're not going to even get into the ballpark, rather than that, again, being your competitive advantage. How do you guys look at it?
Grayson Hall: Well, it's a great question, and I think one that there's a number of different narratives in the marketplace that are driving fairly substantial technology investments across the industry. I do think that the industry broadly benefits from the investments being made in bank technology. As we said earlier in the meeting, our strategy is not to be necessarily leading -- on the leading edge of a lot of these technologies, but to be an aggressive follower of proven technologies. We believe that customers enjoy using all of our channels. And we see activity across multiple channels by the same customer on a daily, weekly, monthly basis. And we try to work hard on trying to make that a very friendly, consistent experience when a customer comes into one of our branches or comes through a digital channel or an ATM channel. We want to see the same information and be able to do -- have the same capabilities across those channels. We think it's making a big difference in our business, but all of our channels are still relevant. I do think you're seeing this narrative about the dollars being spent on technology and that providing some level of competitive advantage. Whether that advantage is sustainable over time really comes back to execution. And we think we're doing a particularly good job of that. We're growing accounts. We're going households. We're growing balances. We really tried to rationalize the composition of our deposit balance sheet, and we've made some tremendous strides in that regard. I'm really proud of where we're at on deposits today. Very loyal, very granular, have a high customer satisfaction rate. And technology is a big part of that. But it's not all of it. John, I wouldn't add to that if you would.
John Owen: The only thing I would add, a couple of comments to Grayson. I'll go back to what I said earlier in the digital and mobile space. We won't spend more than some banks in that space, but we look at it through a different lens. And the lens I would look at it from is, what are our customers telling us about what our channel offers today? And I'll go back to J.D. Powers. Again, J.D. Powers assesses our branch network, ATM network, mobile and online and our call center as well. And when we look at it from a customer standpoint, we're consistently ranked in the top quartile. I think that's, to me, a more important metric than how many dollars you spend on it. So when we stack up in top quartile, and our branch network, our online actually came in number 2 out of top 23 banks last quarter, I think that's the land that we'll spend more time looking on. As far as innovations and things like that, a couple of things I'd point to, I think our remote deposit capture. We were not the first bank to launch remote deposit capture. But what our consumer team did, I thought was very innovative, which is they came out with a remote deposit capture several years ago that offers the customer choice. And that choice is around when do they get credit for that deposit. Is it immediate, and I can pay for that and get immediate credit, which is great for small businesses that are working free cash flow? Or they can do standard, which is a pre-deposit. So things like that. We're not going to be first but, we can improve on what we're doing there. The only other thing I would point out would be AI. There's a lot of discussion and talk about AI in the market. We've been working with it now for over a year. In our contact center, we're using AI for our agents to be able to really chat with IBM Watson and answer customers' questions quicker in a more accurate way. And there are things like that, that we're doing that are just happening behind the scenes, but we are innovating.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, John.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. If I could squeeze one more in, Grayson, because of your background. When you look at technology, we started back with the mainframes, then we went to minicomputers, then micros, then the Internet, now digital AI. Can you share with us from your experience, how revolution -- is the one we're going right now the biggest of them all or no, you remember 25 years ago, it was even bigger?
Grayson Hall: It all depends on how you measure it. We - obviously, this industry spent an awful lot on technology over the last two or three decades and really has sort of transformed how we serve customers and how we comply with regulation and compliance and how we analyze risks and how we extend credit. It's just transformed every part of our business. And I would say that, for the most part, it's gotten better, faster, cheaper every year. Probably the largest transformation that has occurred has been the mobile phone. That mobile device, that mobile smartphone is just, really, has been the largest game-changer I saw in my career being involved in technology. Because early on, computing was too heavy to carry on a mobile phone and was relatively slow and extremely expensive. And we've seen that really come down over the years. And so the cost of storing data, the cost of computing data has really improved. It's made it available to most of our population. And so it's changed the way we serve customers. The question is, is how much value, how much sustainable value do you achieve as a bank by investing in technology. I do believe you have to continue to invest. But as we've seen, computing becomes less expensive over time. And so you have to keep innovating, keep investing to, I think, to stay competitive and serve your customers the right way. But I still believe the basics haven't changed because the people who win are real smart about what technologies they pick, and they're really good at implementing and executing that strategy. And so I think the execution is a much bigger question than how many dollars you spent last year. Dollars matter, but execution determines who sustains the competitive advantage.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. I really appreciate that color. Thank you.
Grayson Hall: Thank you. Operator, is there any further questions?
Operator: No, there are no other questions in queue. I'll turn the call back over to you, Mr. Hall, for any closing remarks.
Grayson Hall: Well, again, thank you for your time and your interest in Regions. We do hope that today's discussion was helpful to everyone, and we look forward to next quarter. So thank you. We stand adjourned.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dana Nolan - Head, IR  Grayson Hall - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer David Turner - Senior EVP & Chief Financial Officer John Turner - President & Head of Corporate Banking Group John Owen - Senior EVP & Head of Regional Banking Group Barbara Godin - Senior EVP & Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG John Pancari - Evercore ISI Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies LLC Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Stephen Moss - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Steven Duong - RBC Capital Markets Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's quarterly earnings call. My name is Paula, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Paula. Good morning, and welcome to Regions' Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Grayson Hall, our Chief Executive Officer, will review highlights of our full year financial performance; and David Turner, our Chief Financial Officer, will take you through the details of the fourth quarter. Other members of management are also present and available to answer questions.  A copy of the slide presentation referenced throughout this call as well as our earnings release and earnings supplement are available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com.  Our forward-looking statements disclosure and non-GAAP reconciliations are included in the appendix of today's presentation and within our SEC filings. These cover our presentation materials, prepared comments as well as the question-and-answer segment of today's call.  I will now turn the call over to Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, Dana. Good morning, and thank you for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying we're pleased with our fourth quarter and full year 2017 results. We successfully met our profitability targets for the year as we continued to diligently execute our strategic plan. For the full year, we reported solid earnings of $1.2 billion, up 9%, with earnings per share of $1, an increase of 15%, while producing growth in pretax pre-provision income and generating positive operating leverage of approximately 2%. Keep in mind, these results include charges associated with tax reform, which speaks to our core performance in 2017. David will cover these details in a moment.  Looking back over the year, I'm particularly pleased with our unwavering focus on customer service and the recognition we received in that regard. This is what relationship banking is all about, and it is at the core of our needs-based, go-to-market strategy. As a result of our efforts, the American Customer Satisfaction Index recently awarded Regions with a #1 ranking. Our focus on outstanding customer service has led to year-over-year growth in checking accounts, households, credit cards, wealth management relationships, total assets under management and consumer loans, all of which are fundamental to growth and future income generation.  As announced a few weeks ago, we have embarked on a new initiative called Simplify and Grow, which enables us to continue enhancing our ability to serve our customers as we make it easier for them to bank with Regions. The evaluation and discovery phase is well underway, and we expect to begin the execution phase in the first quarter. With respect to our financial performance, full year results continue to benefit from our asset-sensitive balance sheet and strong deposit franchise, which drove a 4% increase in adjusted net interest income and a 19 basis point increase in adjusted net interest margin. Prudent expense management remained a top priority in 2017. On an adjusted basis, total noninterest expenses increased less than 1% over the prior year, in line with expectations, reflecting disciplined expense management along with prudent investments in technology and other revenue-generating opportunities. In addition, we expect that our Simplify and Grow strategy will further enhance our efficiency efforts, which we would share with you later in the year.  In terms of the economic backdrop, we are encouraged by improving conditions as well as customer sentiment, providing momentum as we head into 2018. As an example, loan production began to pick up in the second half of the year. For the full year, new and renewed loan production increased 8%, and total loans and leases grew approximately $600 million on a point-to-point basis in the fourth quarter. In 2017, deliberate risk management decisions regarding certain industries and asset classes within the Corporate Banking segment negatively impacted loan balances. For the most part, these efforts are now complete, and our improved credit metrics illustrate these strategies are paying off. To that end, we experienced broad-based improvements during the quarter, including a reduction in nonperforming loans, the lowest level in over 10 years.  Regarding tax reform, we are encouraged by the legislation passed in December and believe domestic businesses will be better positioned and more competitive in the global marketplace. For Regions, tax reform provided the opportunity to make additional investments that will benefit our associates, our customers, our communities and our shareholders. We announced an increase to our minimum hourly wage, benefiting approximately 25% of our workforce. We made a $40 million contribution to our charitable foundation to support financial education, job training, economic development and affordable housing. We also disclosed our plans to invest more in our company with a significant increase in our capital expenditures budget.  As we enter 2018, there are 4 key areas providing considerable momentum for Regions. First, is our asset sensitivity and funding advantage driven by our low-cost deposit base, which we believe provides significant franchise value and a competitive advantage in a rising rate environment.  Second is asset quality. As reflected this quarter, we continue to report broad-based improvements in credit. Next, robust capital returns as we continue to move towards our target Common Equity Tier 1 ratio. In 2017, we returned $1.6 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, representing a $488 million or 42% increase over the prior year.  Finally, we expect additional improvements in efficiency and core performance through our Simplify and Grow initiative. We will provide additional details of the expected financial impacts later this year.  Before I turn it over to David to cover the details of the fourth quarter, I would like to express my sincere appreciation and gratitude to our team of associates for their hard work and dedication this past year. And I'm proud of our accomplishments and results. We ended the year with good momentum and look forward to leveraging additional opportunities in 2018. David?
David Turner: Thank you, and good morning. Before we get started, let me summarize the impact tax reform had on our fourth quarter results. The company revalued its net deferred tax assets and revised its amortization associated with low-income housing investments, resulting in a combined $52 million charge for income tax expense. The company also reduced income associated with leveraged leases, resulting in a $6 million reduction to net interest income and a 2 basis point decline to net interest margin.  As a result of anticipated future savings, the company also contributed $40 million to its charitable foundation. As it relates to regulatory capital, tax reform also had a negative impact. The revaluation of deferred tax items includes approximately $130 million included in equity as a component of other comprehensive income. Despite our prior election to exclude accumulated other comprehensive income from regulatory capital, the full revaluation charge was reflected in net income, as noted above, reducing regulatory capital by approximately 10 basis points. Accounting rule-makers subsequently issued a proposed rule change to correct this issue via a reclassification between accumulated other comprehensive income and retained earnings.  At this juncture, we expect to reclassify these components and recapture those 10 basis points in the first quarter of 2018. Further impacting 2018, the fully taxable equivalent benefit, provided primarily from tax-advantaged loans, will reset in the first quarter. We estimate the impact to be a reduction to net interest margin of approximately 4 basis points.  Now turning back to the quarter. As Grayson mentioned, we are pleased with our fourth quarter results, which reflect improvements in several areas. Let's start with the balance sheet and look at average loans.  In the fourth quarter, average loan balances totaled $79.5 billion, relatively stable with the prior quarter. Loans ended the year at $79.9 billion, reflecting approximately $600 million in point-to-point growth over the prior quarter. Within consumer, we continued to grow despite the negative impacts associated with our exit of a third-party relationship within the indirect vehicle portfolio.  Average balances in the consumer lending portfolio increased $40 million in the fourth quarter. However, excluding the runoff in the indirect vehicle portfolio, average consumer loans increased $223 million. For 2017, runoff in the third-party portfolio totaled $508 million, and we expect the full year average decline in 2018 to be approximately $700 million.  In the quarter, we experienced solid growth in residential mortgage, indirect other consumer and consumer credit card, partially offset by continued declines in home equity lending.  Turning to the business lending portfolio. Average balances totaled $48.2 billion, reflecting a modest decline from the third quarter. However, ending balances increased by approximately $500 million. Commercial and industrial loans grew $672 million on an ending basis, led by growth in specialized lending. Owner-occupied commercial real estate loans declined $94 million, reflecting a slowing pace of decline.  Additionally, investor real estate loans declined $101 million as growth in term mortgage loans was offset by declines in construction loans. As we look to 2018, we expect full year average loans to grow in the low single digits, excluding the third-party indirect vehicle portfolio runoff.  Let's move to deposits. We continue to execute a deliberate strategy to optimize our deposit base by focusing on valuable low-cost deposits while reducing higher-cost, brokered and collateralized deposits. Total average deposits increased modestly during the quarter as growth in low-cost deposits exceeded strategic reductions within the wealth and other segments.  Certain institutional and corporate trust customer deposits within the wealth segment, which require collateralization by securities, continued to shift out of deposits and into other fee-income-producing customer investments. Average deposits in the other segment decreased due to our strategy to reduce retail brokered sweep deposits. We reported solid consumer deposit and strong seasonal growth in corporate deposits during the quarter, consistent with our relationship banking focus.  Looking forward, we expect 2018 full year average deposits to grow in the low single digits, excluding brokered and wealth institutional service deposits. Let's take a look at the composition of our deposit base. Fourth quarter deposit costs remain unchanged at 17 basis points, and total funding costs remained low at 38 basis points, illustrating the strength of our deposit franchise.  As a reminder, our deposit base is more heavily weighted towards retail customers of approximately 67%, and those customers have been very loyal to Regions as more than 43% of our consumer low-cost deposits have been deposit customers for more than 10 years. Our top market share in core states positions us well for future growth, and we expect continued benefit from lower deposit betas relative to peers. For these reasons, we believe our deposit base is a key component of our franchise value and a competitive advantage in a rising rate environment.  Now let's take a look at how this impacted our results. Adjusted net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis, which excludes the tax-related reduction associated with leveraged leases, was $930 million, representing an increase of $9 million or 1% from the prior quarter. The resulting adjusted net interest margin was 3.39%, an increase of 3 basis points. The increases to adjusted net interest income and net interest margin were driven by higher market interest rates, offset by the full impact of debt issued during the third quarter and lower credit-related interest recoveries experienced in the fourth quarter.  With respect to the first quarter of 2018 and excluding the tax-related fully taxable equivalent adjustment of approximately 4 basis points, we expect adjusted net interest income and net interest margin to increase, reflecting the full benefit of the December rate increase and the expectation for higher short-term rates consistent with current market expectations.  Notably, modest growth in net interest income is expected despite two fewer days in the quarter, which reduces net interest income by approximately $10 million but benefits margin by approximately four basis points. For the full year of 2018, we expect adjusted net interest income growth in the 3% to 5% range.  Let's move on to fee revenue. We experienced strong growth in adjusted noninterest income, which increased $36 million or 7%, driven primarily by increases in capital markets, mortgage and card and ATM fees. Capital markets had a record quarter, coming in at $56 million, an increase of $21 million or 60%. The increase was driven by higher merger and acquisition advisory services, loan syndication income and fees generated from the placement of permanent financing for real estate customers.  Excluding M&A revenue, which decreased in 2017, other areas within capital markets experienced growth, increasing 28% compared to the prior year. Although timing can be difficult to project, we do expect capital markets income to be a significant contributor to adjusted noninterest income growth in 2018.  As it relates to mortgage, production decreased seasonally 3%, while income increased $4 million or 13%. The increase was primarily due to MSR and related hedge valuation adjustments recorded in the third quarter, which did not repeat at the same level in the fourth quarter. Card and ATM fees increased $3 million or 3%, attributable to seasonally higher interchange income.  Total consumer fee income is an important and stable component of fee revenue and is expected to continue to contribute to overall growth in 2018. Total Wealth Management income is up 2% quarter-over-quarter and 7% year-over-year, primarily driven by improvement in equity markets, growth in customers and assets under management.  In addition, the company incurred $10 million of operating lease impairments during the third quarter that did not repeat in the fourth quarter. With respect to 2018, we expect total adjusted noninterest income growth in the 3% to 6% range.  So let's move on to expenses. On an adjusted basis, expenses increased $21 million or 2%, attributable primarily to increases in salaries and benefits, outside services and Visa Class B shares expense. Total salaries and benefits increased $13 million or 3%, primarily due to higher production-based incentives and health insurance costs. Outside services increased $7 million or 17%, reflecting additional costs associated with the recent launch of our new Regions Wealth Platform in partnership with SEI Global Services. These cost increases will be offset by reductions in other expense categories, primarily salaries and benefits, in the future.  The adjusted efficiency ratio improved 60 basis points to 61.1%, and the company produced solid growth in adjusted pretax pre-provision income, increasing 5% and reflecting its highest level since the third quarter of 2008. For 2018, we expect adjusted operating leverage of 3% to 5%, relatively stable adjusted expenses and an adjusted efficiency ratio of less than 60%. With respect to taxes, clearly, there were a number of moving pieces in the fourth quarter. The reported effective tax rate was 39%. Excluding the $52 million of additional income tax expense related to tax reform, the effective tax rate would have been approximately 30%. Following corporate income tax reform, our 2018 guidance for the effective tax rate is now in the 20% to 22% range.  So let's shift to asset quality. The company reported broad-based asset quality improvement during the quarter. Nonperforming, criticized and troubled debt restructured loans all declined. Nonperforming loans, excluding loans held for sale, decreased $110 million or 14% and represented 0.81% of loans outstanding, marking the lowest level in over 10 years. We also reported a 17% and 13% decline in business services criticized and total troubled debt restructured loans, respectively.  As expected, early and late-stage delinquencies for residential mortgage loans increased within hurricane-impacted markets, and the company's $40 million hurricane-related reserve remains unchanged. Despite increase within residential mortgage, total delinquencies, excluding government-guaranteed loans, declined approximately 1%. Net charge-offs totaled $63 million or 31 basis points of average loans, a 17% decrease compared to the third quarter. For the full year, net charge-off represented 38 basis points of average loans, in line with expectations.  Improving economic conditions drove broad-based improvements in credit metrics, particularly in risk ratings, along with payoffs and paydowns of criticized loans, resulting in a negative provision expense of $44 million for the quarter. The allowance for loan and lease losses decreased 14 basis points to 1.17%. However, the allowance, as a percent of total nonaccrual loans, increased 7 basis points to 144%. For 2018, we expect net charge-offs to be in the range of 35 to 50 basis points. And based on recent performance and current market conditions, we would expect to be at the lower end of that range. However, volatility in certain credit metrics can be expected, especially related to large-dollar commercial credits, fluctuating commodity prices and the impact from hurricane exposures.  Let's move on to capital and liquidity. Similar to last quarter, we repurchased another $500 million or 31.1 million shares of common stock and declared $103 million in dividends to common shareholders. Our resulting capital ratios remained robust. Under Basel III, the Tier 1 capital ratio was estimated at 11.7%, and the fully phased-in Common Equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 10.8%. Finally, our liquidity position remains solid with a low loan-to-deposit ratio of 83%. And we were fully compliant with the liquidity coverage ratio rule as of quarter-end.  So regarding 2018 expectations, tax reform changes made it necessary to recalibrate our long-term target for adjusted return on average tangible common equity. Our 2018 adjusted return on average tangible common equity ratio is now expected to be in the 14% to 16% range. Other targets have been discussed and are summarized again on this slide for your reference. So in conclusion, our strong fourth quarter results provide a solid foundation as we head into 2018. We believe our Simplify and Grow initiative, along with other opportunities and competitive advantages, position us well for 2018 and beyond.  With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning, and I will now turn it back over to Dana.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, David. [Operator Instructions]. We will now open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor: You mentioned later this year that you would quantify some of the initiatives that you have underway. I guess, first, is there going to be both a revenue and expense component as we think about some of these efforts?
Grayson Hall: Yes. I mean, Matt, we've been working for a number of months now on this initiative, and it does have both expense and revenue components. But John Owen, he's with us today, and John is leading that initiative. So I'll ask John to make a few comments.
John Owen: Just a little bit of background. Simplify and Grow, as you think about it, is a multiyear strategy for the bank. We kicked off the planning process in the fourth quarter working with McKinsey. We wrapped that planning process up in early January. But let me tell you, we've now moved on to what I call execution phase of the project. There are 3 areas of focus. First is how we make banking easier for our customers. Second would be how we accelerate revenue growth. And third would be about improving efficiency and effectiveness. The timing standpoint, I will tell you many of the initiatives will go in, in the second, third quarter. Some will span into 2019 as well. But it's very early. We've got about 10 work streams kicked off very early in the process still.
Grayson Hall: And David, from a -- how we'll respond to this publicly, if you could speak to that for a moment.
David Turner: Sure, Matt. So this Simplify and Grow, as you heard from John Owen, there's a number of initiatives and how they'll affect our financial statements both from a revenue and an expense standpoint. We have elements that we've given you, our guidance for the year thus far, and we'll be going to a number of conferences. And as we get clarity on exactly what this will do and how it will impact our numbers and ratios, we'll update you. I suspect it will be first, second quarter -- end of the first, maybe second quarter, before we give you any specificity of what that would look like.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Regarding the investment program, I know you're going to give us a little bit more details later on. But in general, how are you thinking about the ultimate tax reform benefit? And how much of that gets deployed into the program? And accordingly, how much eventually falls to the bottom line?
David Turner: Yes, John. So this is David. We wanted to give you some flavor for that. If you look at our expectation for return on tangible common equity, we've moved that up 200 basis points from 12 to 14 to 14 to 16. We anticipated some tax reform coming. We believed it was appropriate at the time to increase our capital expenditures to accelerate some opportunities we think we have to better serve our customer. Those capital expenditures, they don't find their way into the income statement. They'll find themselves in the income statement over time. So we have that baked into our guidance already. And we had other initiatives where we've made contributions to our foundation and our $15 for minimum wage because we think it was important for us to continue to execute on our mission of shared value, which is taking care of customers and associates and communities as well as our shareholders.
John Pancari: Okay. So no percentage, reinvestment amount that you're willing to give?
David Turner: No, we increased our capital expenditures roughly $100 million. Right now, you can see that we're keeping our targets for common equity Tier 1 where they are. Therefore, the benefit that we see coming through from taxes will help increase our return on tangible common net 200 basis points.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. I was just getting at if there's anything else beyond the CapEx amount. Okay. And then separately, in terms of capital deployment. I just want to hop to that. I wanted to get your updated thoughts around interest in M&A as you're looking at opportunities here. How does -- can you remind us of your deployment priorities? How you're thinking about that right now? And where does M&A come into play both non-bank and bank?
David Turner: Yes. So our priorities really haven't changed, John. We focus first and foremost on organic growth. It's important for us to take the capital we generate and put it back into the growth in the business appropriately. When we have opportunities to get an appropriate risk-adjusted return from that organic growth, we've been very disciplined with regards to not just making any loan, but making loans that give our shareholders their appropriate risk-adjusted return. We will continue doing that. Second, we wanted to make sure we have a fair dividend to our shareholders. We had talked about being in the range of earnings of 30% to 40% and that we would be increasing that to 35% to 45% over time. We believe that's important. So as income increases, whether it be through tax savings or otherwise, you should expect that to find its way into that dividend calculation. Then we said we would look at opportunities to expand through non-bank acquisitions. We've had a number of [indiscernible]. BlackArch Partners are in the advisory business; First Sterling, our low-income housing tax credit syndicator business, which was basically on ice this year, but we're looking forward to that expansion this year with tax reform. So that's been important. Bank M&A, given the fact that we have excess capital, we really have to look at banks versus share buybacks. And we believe that the share buyback program that we've had going on will continue and that we will continue to work our capital ratios down to that common equity Tier 1 level of roughly 9.5%. As credit quality and derisking continues, perhaps, that number changes. Perhaps, it could even go lower. If we tag on more risk, the number will go higher. But right now, our goal is to get that to 9.5%.
Grayson Hall: And John, I think that's a great question. And we look at how our income statement is generating more capital, how do we deploy that capital most constructively and most productively? And as David said, first and foremost, it's organic. It's making sure that we can -- if we can put that capital back into our business constructively and productively, we'll do that. If we can't do that, obviously, we look at M&A. And our primary focus has been bolt-on, non-bank M&A. We continue to look at that. Secondarily, we look at bank M&A, but that -- we've had -- the economics of that make it particularly challenging at this point in time. We look at it, but our primary focus after we've gotten through the organic is -- and the bolt-on acquisitions is really to look at how do we give it back in the form of dividend and share repurchases. We want a competitive dividend, and we want share repurchases as a lever to use when we can't deploy that capital any other way. And we still -- knowing what we know today, we still think that's going to be a productive and constructive use of the capital we're generating.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin: Just a question on the balance sheet. Thinking through the organic growth in loans and deposits and then the lingering runoff that you articulated clearly, how do we just think about the trajectory of the balance sheet? The balance sheet is clearly becoming more efficient, but do you expect -- I guess, when -- should we see any average earning asset expansion this year? Or is it just kind of netting those -- a final kind of mix to a better place?
David Turner: Yes. So we've given you some guidance on low single digits on the balance sheet for loans and deposits. We see that continuing. We have not changed that guidance post tax reform. We'll see what demand for credit might look like. But right now, we feel pretty confident we can grow in the low single digits on both of those. We do have the headwind of our indirect auto book that will affect us about $700 million, as I previously mentioned. But we can overcome that. We continue to grow and grow the balance sheet both in dollars, but also as you mentioned it, it's far more effective and efficient in generating better returns for us.
Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, I think -- yes, we're very pleased with sort of the progress we've made on reshifting the balance of our balance sheet and the assets we've invested in. Clearly, in 2016, 2017, we made some risk-based decisions regarding our balance sheet and reduced our risk appetite for certain asset classes, which created a headwind for us in terms of loan growth. We had very good loan production growth in 2017. That production actually strengthened in the second half of the year. We felt good about that. What we have not built into the guidance is any sort of optimism about loan growth above and beyond what we're seeing today, is if business is more certain and more confident in 2018 than they have been thus far, that's an upside opportunity. But for right now, we've built in what we know and what we see. Obviously, we'd be encouraged if it's better than that. But John Turner is with us. John, do you mind making a few comments about the potential for loan growth?
John Turner: Sure, Grayson. I'm happy to. As has been currently suggested, we're currently projecting sort of low single-digit loan growth. That is based upon our assessment of economic conditions, market conditions prior to, as has been said, any tax reform. I would say that we are largely complete with the derisking activities. We'll continue to focus on improving the quality of our portfolio and client selectivity on risk-adjusted returns in the business. And so I anticipate that we will see, just as a result of better execution, continued improvement in execution for that low single-digit growth. And if the economy does, in fact, tick up as a result of tax reform, then we should benefit from that. But in the meantime, we do believe we can deliver low single-digit growth just based upon our day-to-day activities and expectations for the business.
Kenneth Usdin: Great. Understood. And then inside that efficiency comment, can you -- is there a way you can help us separate how much of that efficiency can help the NIM itself on its own versus how much rates can help the NIM, presuming the curve and the hikes that you're expecting?
David Turner: I'm not exactly sure of your question, but let me see if I can give it a stab. So our efficiency ratio, we have a number of things we're going to have to deal with. The tax equivalent adjustment that we have does negatively impact the efficiency ratio as it does the margins. So I told you the 4 basis points in the margin. But it also negatively impact the efficiency ratio about 50 basis points.
Q - Kenneth Usdin: 50 bps, right?
David Turner: 50 bps. But we're still committed to having an efficiency ratio under that 60% that we mentioned. So that will come from continuing to become more efficient on expenses. We did a good job of having it less than 1% growth in expenses this year. We see renewed growth in revenue coming. We gave you the guidance of 3% to 5% on NII. We feel good about that based on balance sheet growth and even more encouraged based on what we've seen of late with the market expectations for rates. And we also are getting back on the growth side of noninterest revenue, where we were down this year, but expect 3% to 6% growth in noninterest revenue. So if you put all that together, and we'll get some incremental benefits from the Simplify and Grow strategy that we talked about, we feel pretty confident we can be under 60%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott: I guess, if I look back at the 3Q presentation, you talked about additional expense reductions beyond the $400 million. Details to be provided later in the year. And we're on the 4Q call in January, and it sounds like you've announced Simplify and Grow as a main project. But in terms of getting real financial details behind that, we're going to have to wait later into 2018. Has something changed that means you're taking a deeper look or you're thinking about things in a different way than you were back in October when you put out that 3Q presentation?
Grayson Hall: No, Geoffrey. There's really been no change in our perspective as we talked about this in the third quarter, as you mentioned in your comments. We've been on a multiyear journey of really trying to manage expenses very rigorously and with a lot of discipline. And we absolutely are confident we've done a good job of that. That being said, what we announced in the third quarter is it -- we were going to bring McKinsey in to help us take an even harder look at that. And we embarked on those work streams, as John Owen spoke about a moment ago. It's been a very in-depth evaluation. It's -- we've had people across the company involved in it. And these things are best done very thoughtfully and very carefully. And we've taken our time to do that. And we're in the middle of execution at that point -- at this point in time, and there's details forthcoming. But nothing's changed from our perspective. Everything is on schedule, just as we had forecasted it would be.
Geoffrey Elliott: And I guess, the long-term ROTCE target, it sounds like that's 14% to 16% long term, but also 2018 target, if I'm reading Slide 13 right. So is this going to take another look at that based on Simplify and Grow?
David Turner: Yes. So that 14% to 16% target was a 2018 target. It was not necessarily a longer-term target. We do expect, as I mentioned before, when we were in the 12% to 14% range, that we would continue to move up -- expectations that we'd move up towards the mid-teens on return on tangible common. Since then, we've had tax reform. We've also had Simplify and Grow. So we will give you better guidance over that range of 14% to 16% as that becomes known. We will be doing another Investor Day roughly this time next year. We'll give you a new three-year set of targets. We'll show you how we compare to the original set of targets that we gave you. But no, we expect that to continue to grow past 2018's results.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
Jennifer Demba: Could you just talk about what you think the main drivers of your forecasted fee income growth will be this year?
David Turner: Sure. So as you look at the detail of our noninterest revenue, we got out of the box a little slower in terms of our capital markets business. It recovered quite nicely in the fourth quarter. And as we said in our prepared comments, we expect that capital markets in particular to be helpful to our 3% to 6% growth in 2018. We do have -- our service charges have been a very stable component of our noninterest revenue. We grew that about a little over 2%, almost 3% in the year. We expect that to contribute as we continue to grow core checking account households. Card and ATM fees, we'll continue to grow those both in terms of share numbers. Our transactions are up, so that will be a piece of it. Our Wealth Management Group in particular in the investment management trust area has continued to benefit from growth in customers as well as assets under management, so that will be a piece of it. We think mortgage continue -- will rebound. We think mortgage will be up nicely from the production that we had this year. It was kind of a reset, we believe, for the industry. So you should see mortgage continuing to rebound as well. Those are kind of the bigger items that we have that should contribute to that 3% to 6% growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Moss of B. Riley FBR.
Stephen Moss: Circling back to loan growth, just wondering how we should think about it. Strength throughout the year or perhaps back-end-weighted? And then what do you think will be the primary drivers of growth? C&I and commercial real estate or consumer?
Grayson Hall: Well, I think when you look at 2018 and you think through when long demand occurs, I would tell you there's still an awful lot of liquidity in the markets. And if you look at '17 as an example, we've started off with the year in pretty good shape from a production pipeline standpoint. In the second half of the year, we wound up having an awful lot of payoffs and paydowns as people went into the public debt markets. We saw the strength of that stronger in the third than in the fourth, but still elevated. And so I do think that there's still a lot of liquidity that's out there, and so there's competition for that. Internally, we've had debates about the implications of tax reform and what that has on loan demand. We don't see that changing really what's occurring on the consumer side of the house. Consumer is a good story, and it's a steady story. Other than the headwinds that we have from the indirect auto runoff portfolio we've got, it's a good story. Even in mortgage, '17 turned out to be a very transformational year for mortgage as that market went from a refinance market to a home purchase market. But we've always been a strong home purchase mortgage originator, and so most of the impact of that will be past us in '17 on the consumer side. The only lingering effect we got on consumer is just the indirect auto piece. On the commercial side, we put together our forecast based on what we know today. If the economy strengthens, as John Turner said earlier, if the economy strengthens, we got an upside opportunity. But knowing what we know today, we think the forecast that we've given you, the guidance we've given you, we got a fairly high degree of confidence in it. John Turner, would you like to add to that?
John Turner: Yes, I would just add. Typically, the second and fourth quarters are going to be better quarters. We begin the year with a lot of momentum coming off of a high degree of production in the fourth quarter. So pipelines are a little softer going into the year, but funding should be a little better in the first quarter given that activity in the fourth. We have confidence in our ability to deliver commercial banking and commercial lending activity this year. I think the difference is going to be that we have been shrinking, derisking our investor real estate book. And we have an opportunity to grow that business kind of with the economy, particularly as we see our term lending program begin to mature a bit as we shift our focus on a different kind of real estate customer. We're beginning to see some of that positive activity. So that will have an impact on loan growth as well in 2018.
Stephen Moss: Okay. And then on asset quality this quarter, nice improvement in the numbers. Wondering how much of that paydowns versus risk-weighted improvements. And how should we think about the loan loss reserve going forward?
Barbara Godin: Yes. This is Barb. And to answer your question directly, roughly 50% of what we saw in terms of the improvement of our business services classified loan book was payoffs or paydowns. The balance was risk weighted improvements. And it is broad-based. It wasn't just specific to just the energy sector. We certainly saw some improvement in energy, but we saw it right across the board in all the various asset classes. As it relates to the allowance, going to 1 17, again we follow a very formulaic way of doing our allowance. And you've heard me say in the past, we're not going to let it fall substantially. But at the same time, we do have to ensure that we have the right amount of allowance against the right amount of risk. So I don't have a specific number for your that we either target or aim for. We just make sure that the allowance we do have is appropriate and prudent at all times.
David Turner: I would add that we gave you some guidance on the charge-offs being in the range of 35 to 50 basis points. And based on what we know today, we think we have charge-offs closer to the lower end of that. And you should think about provisioning equal to charge-offs in that case. To the extent it's higher than that, you probably have something that happened in a hurricane or an energy-type reserve, where the reserve is already there. It doesn't have to be replaced.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC Capital Markets.
Steven Duong: This is actually Steven Duong in for Gerard. Just circling back on your comments about capital expenditures. You said you're looking to increase CapEx, which should help you boost your ROTCE target. What are these investments exactly? And is it safe to assume that they're capitalized so they won't show in the P&L?
David Turner: Yes. So a couple of things. The CapEx, roughly $100 million, is over what we had in 2017. Those capital expenditures are really in areas that help -- make it easier for our customers to do business with us, that help us generate revenue. We don't tie that necessarily to return, at least directly. We believe there are a lot of opportunities. These capital expenditures are exactly that. They hit the balance sheet. They'll be depreciated over time. And depending on the nature of the project, they could be long-dated. They could be tied to a branch. It may be tied to digital opportunities. It may be tied to cyber-risk efforts. So those -- that number, or that increase, you should think about, again, hitting the balance sheet but not hitting the income statement, but a little bit each year. And that's after it's spent. It will this year that we spend it. So you will see hardly any of that hit income this year.
Grayson Hall: And Steven, you're seeing a lot of our customers really start to have a high utilization rate in our digital channels. And so obviously, those customers' expectations are being influenced not only by other banks they use but other providers for other services. And so we're having to compare ourselves to a larger community when you talk about digital, and so we make investments there. We also have a number of technologies that we use to help us manage risk and compliance. And so we have to continue to invest in those, continue to strengthen. And we make them better each and every year, and cyber being one of the lead candidates there. But lastly, I would tell you is, coming out of this Simplify and Grow initiative, we've identified a lot of places where technology can help us be not only more effective, but much more efficient. And so you're going to see us continue to invest in technology as we go through that initiative. And last but certainly not least is see if you go into some of our branches, the technology we're deploying in our new branch format is entirely different than what we've had in the past. We've done a number of branches in the past in '16 and '17, but you'll see us accelerate that into '18. A huge benefit from us from a customer service perspective and a customer experience perspective when they come into one of our offices.
Steven Duong: Great. And just a follow-up question. You guys are trading at about 1.3x book, 2x tangible book. Is there a price level where the buybacks don't make as much sense relative to the other opportunities that you have?
David Turner: We continue to challenge ourselves on that very point, but we're sitting here with a pretty high Common Equity Tier 1 ratio relative to the risk that we have in the balance sheet. And so when you have excess capital, it's hard to see how the market gives you full credit for being optimized on your capital stack. And so we have to have a pretty high return hurdle for us to deviate from buying back our shares versus making some other type of investments. So when you get to the efficient frontier, having your capital amount and your capital stack optimized, then you got a different calculus. But for us, getting to that 9.5% is very important to us, and that's where we're marching.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Christopher Marinac of FIG Partners.
Christopher Marinac: You may have mentioned this earlier. I just missed it. Does any relief in the LCR rule get baked into your outlook for this year? Or could you describe sort of how that would benefit if it plays out in your favor?
David Turner: Yes, Chris. It's David. We do not have any relief in our -- in the numbers we just told you from LCR, to the extent that the SIFI designation was changed, and therefore, we weren't subject to LCR. There are some deposits that were fairly low-cost deposits for us that, based on the rules, the runoff assumptions caused us to price those where they weren't as favorable to us, and we let those run off. So yes, LCR certainly would be somewhat beneficial to us. It would help us more from a liquidity standpoint, where we could generate more liquidity there. But in terms of an explicit cost, we haven't quantified that at this point.
Christopher Marinac: Okay. Great. Could it also help fuel further buybacks as well?
David Turner: Not really. You're really talking about a different -- you're talking about liquidity in the bank versus liquidity at the holding company. Those are different concepts, and our -- whatever liquidity we need in the holding company to get our buybacks executed, to help us get to our target capital ratios, we'll fund by debt issuances, like we've done before.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Hall for any closing remarks.
Grayson Hall: Okay. Well, thank you. I certainly appreciate everybody's time and attendance. We think we just ended a very solid 2017 and are positioned well for a strong 2018. And I do appreciate you listening to our message this morning and our answers to your questions. So thank you. Let's have a great year. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dana Nolan - Investor Relations Grayson Hall - Chief Executive Officer David Turner - Chief Financial Officer John Turner - Senior Executive Vice President and Head, Corporate Banking Group Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President and CCO, Company and Regions Bank John Owen - Senior Executive Vice President, Head, Regional Banking Groups, Company and the Bank
Analysts: Peter Winter - Wedbush Securities Michael Rose - Raymond James Rob Hansen - Deutsche Bank Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Steve Moss - FBR Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Ken Usdin - Jefferies Jennifer Demba - SunTrust John Pancari - Evercore ISI Vivek Juneja - J.P. Morgan Saul Martinez - UBS
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula, and I will be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants online have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Ms. Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Paula. Good morning. And welcome to Regions Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Grayson Hall, our Chief Executive Officer will review highlights of our year-over-year financial performance; and David Turner, our Chief Financial Officer, will take you through the details compared to the prior quarter. Other members of management are also present and available to answer questions. A copy of the slide presentation referenced throughout the call, as well as our earnings release and earnings supplement are available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Our forward-looking statements disclosure and non-GAAP reconciliations are included in the appendix of todays presentation and within our SEC filings. These cover our presentation materials, prepared comments, as well as the question-and-answer segment of todays call. I will now turn the call over to Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, Dana. Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. Before we get started, I want to take a few minutes to speak about the hurricanes that richly impact our footprint. I am immensely proud our team responded and met the needs of our customers, fellow associates and our surrounding communities. Due to our market locations, we unfortunately have significant experience dealing with severe weather related events, immediately following the storms. Our first priority was ensuring the safety of our associates in the impacted areas. While several associates were personally affected, we are extremely grateful that none were injured. In total, 482 banking offices across 100 counties and six states were impacted by the storms. But because of our strong processes and experience teams, we reopened 95% of them within three days following each storm. With the exception of one branch that sustained significant damage, all banking offices are open and conducting business. Our focus remains on helping our customers, associates and communities begin to recover and to rebuild. And while we are still evaluating the financial impact of these storms, David will provide you with our related loss estimate shortly. Keep in mind historically following similar weather events we typically experienced a pickup in economic activity associated with reconstruction efforts along with overall deposit growth. Despite the impact from the hurricanes, we reported solid earnings available to common shareholders from continuing operations of $296 million during the quarter. With earnings per share of $0.25, while generating positive operating leverage, expanding our net interest margin and producing solid growth in pretax pre-provision income. Importantly, we remain focused on expanding our customer base, as we believe is fundamental to future income generation. This quarter we grew checking accounts, households, credit cards, Wealth Management relationships, total assets under management and Consumer loans. We continue to benefit from our asset sensitive balance sheet, as strong deposit franchise, which drove an 8% year-over-year increase in net interest income and a 30 basis point increase in net interest margin. We continue to make strides in our efforts to control expenses, adjusted non-interest expenses decreased $32 million or 4% year-over-year as efficiency remains a top priority of our team. As it relates to loan portfolio, several factors impacted balances this quarter. New and renewed loan production increased 9% year-over-year. However, consistent with the rest of the industry borrowers access to capital markets to a larger degree this quarter which led elevated loan payoffs and loan pay downs. Furthermore, we continue to execute our deliberate diversification strategy focused on achieving appropriate risk-adjusted returns. While these decisions pressure loan growth in the near-term, we believe it is a right long-term strategy and a prudent approach to creating a balanced portfolio, positioning well for future loan growth, with respect to asset quality, our disciplined approach to credit continues to deliver positive results, although uncertainty regarding the impact of the hurricanes remains, we continue to characterize overall credit quality as stable. Regarding efficiency, we recognize the slow growth environment could persist for some time, and therefore, we remain focused on what we can control. Our plan to eliminate $400 million in expenses is well underway. However, we now expect to achieve the majority of these eliminations by 2018 rather than 2019. Through our work in this area we are implementing steps to simplify and grow the bank, which will allow us to significantly improve efficiencies and effectiveness throughout the organization. We believe there is an opportunity for expense eliminations beyond the $400 million. To that end, additional efforts are underway and we will provide more information later this year. With that, I will turn it over to David to cover details of the third quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, Grayson, and good morning, everyone. Now lets get started with the balance sheet and take a look at average loans. In the third quarter, average loan balances declined to $79.6 billion as growth in the consumer lending portfolio was offset by declines in the business lending portfolio. Total new and renewed loan production remained strong for the quarter and approximated $16.2 million. Within Consumer, we continue to reshape our indirect lending portfolios with a focus on increasing overall risk-adjusted returns. This is evidenced by our decision to exit a third-party indirect auto contract, while expanding our indirect other Consumer portfolio through point-of-sale offerings. As a result, average balances in the consumer lending portfolio increased $180 million or 1% quarter-over-quarter, despite the strategic runoff in the indirect vehicle portfolio. Excluding this runoff, average Consumer loans increased approximately $385 million. Average indirect vehicle balances declined $180 million or 5% during the quarter. Runoff in the third-party portfolio of $205 million was partially offset by an increase of $25 million in our dealer financial services portfolio. The full year average impact of the runoff portfolio is expected to be approximately $510 million. Our other indirect lending portfolio, which includes point-of-sale lending initiatives, continues to experience growth. Average balances increased $257 million or 26% linked quarter aided by the purchase of approximately $138 million of unsecured consumer loans late in the second quarter. Average mortgage balances increased $171 million or 1% during the quarter. However, growth continues to be constrained by lack of housing supply across our footprint. With respect to home equity lending, average balances continue to decline during the quarter, decreasing $134 million or 1% as growth in average home equity loans of $44 million was offset by a decline of $178 million in average home equity lines of credit. Further, average line utilization decreased 68 basis points, compared to the second quarter. Average balances in our consumer credit card portfolio increased $36 million or 3%, as a number of active cards increased approximately 2.5%. Turning to the business lending portfolio, average balances totaled $48.3 billion in the third quarter, a 1% decline from the second quarter, despite a 1% increase in total new and renewed production. As Grayson mentioned, we experienced elevated loan payoff and pay downs. In particular, many customers in the large Corporate space access the fixed income market taking advantage of favorable pricing spreads, using those proceeds to pay down or payoff bank debt. The level of payoffs and pay downs was 1.5 times higher than the previous quarter and just over 50% higher than the third quarter of last year, a number of investor real estate loans paid off prior to maturity, reflecting the impact of low capitalization rates and a modest increase in mergers and acquisitions was observed in the middle market space, further contributing to elevated loan payoffs. In addition, the decline in average owner-occupied commercial real estate loans reflects continued softness in demand and competition for middle market and small business loans. As part of our risk mitigation strategy, we continue to reduce exposure in certain industries and asset classes. For example, average direct energy loans decreased $52 million or 3% ending the quarter at $1.9 billion or approximately 2.4% of total loans outstanding. Average multifamily loans decreased $58 million or 4% during the third quarter and average medical office building loans decreased $24 million or 8%. In addition, average investor real estate construction loans declined $195 million, due in part to our ongoing efforts to improve diversification between construction and term lending. While these risk mitigation strategies have impacted average loan growth, we believe they are appropriate and will position us well for prudent and profitable loan growth in the future, while maintaining an appropriate credit risk profile. Evidence these strategies are working include, continued declines and expected loss estimates across all business lending categories, improving our relevance and profitability within the shared national credit book or capital recycling efforts have also reduce both the probability of default and expected loss estimates by approximately 10%. The company has reviewed approximately $33 billion of large shared national credit exposures since 2016, and as a result, we exited $4.2 billion of credit and added new or expanded existing relationships of $4.6 million. These expanded relationships provide average trailing annual revenues that are 51% higher than all other shared national credit relationships. Average trailing annual non-interest revenues that are 123% higher and average risk-adjusted returns on capital that are 252 basis points higher. With respect to loan growth, while current pipelines are higher than they have been all year, line utilization reductions and payoffs experienced quarter have tempered expectations. As a result, full year average loan balances, excluding the impact of third-party indirect vehicle runoff are expected to be down slightly. However, based on what we know today and borrowing another quarter of elevated payoffs, we expect loans to grow in the fourth quarter on an end-to-end basis. Lets move on to the deposits. Similar to loans we also continue to execute a deliberate strategy to optimize our deposit base, focusing on valuable low cost Consumer deposits, while reducing higher cost brokered and collateralized deposits. Total average deposits decreased less than 1% during the quarter, primarily due to our strategic decision to reduce higher cost deposits. Average deposits in the Wealth Management segment declined $276 million or 3% as a result of ongoing strategic reductions of collateralized deposits. Certain institutional and corporate trust customer deposits, which require collateralization by securities continue to shift out of deposits and into other fee income producing customer investments. Average deposits in the other segment decreased $220 million or 7% driven primarily by our strategy to reduce retail broker suite deposits. Average deposits in the Consumer segment experienced a seasonal decline of $153 million, while average Corporate segment deposits increased $23 million. We continue to expect full year average deposits to remain relatively stable with the prior year. Lets take a look at the composition of our deposit base. Third quarter deposit costs remain low at 17 basis points and total funding cost were 37 basis points, illustrating our deposit advantage. As a reminder, our deposit base is more heavily weighted towards retail customers, approximately 75% of average interest bearing deposits and 51% of average interest free deposits are considered retail. In addition, we have a loyal customer base, as more than 43% of our consumer low cost deposits have been deposit customers at Regions for more than 10 years. And finally, approximately 50% of our deposits come from MSAs with less than 1 million people and approximately 35% from MSAs with less than 500,000 people, both are in the top quartile versus our peer group. For these reasons, we believe that our deposit base is a key component of our franchise value. It is a competitive advantage in a rising rate environment. Now lets take a look at how this impacted our results. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was $921 million, representing an increase of $17 million or 2% from the second quarter. The resulting net interest margin was 3.36%, an increase of 4 basis points. Interest recoveries continued to benefit net interest income, adding $4 million and 2 basis points of net interest margin relative to the second quarter. After normalizing for recoveries, net interest margin and net interest income benefit primarily from higher market interest rates, driven by the June Fed funds rate hike, partially offset by a decrease in average loan balances and higher interest expense associated with our holding company debt issuance early in the third quarter. Further, one additional day in the quarter benefited net interest income by approximately $5 million, but negatively impacted net interest margin by approximately 2 basis points. Looking forward to the fourth quarter and excluding the impact of interest recoveries, we expect net interest income and net interest margin to grow modestly, in line with market expectations for December Fed funds rate increase. For the full year, we continue to expect net interest income growth in the 3% to 5% range. Before we move on, I want to make a couple of points about our asset sensitive, given the extended low rate environment, the majority of our balance sheet has essentially re-priced. As a result, our natural reinvestment of fixed-rate loans and securities even at current interest rate levels will be accretive from here. So even if interest rates remain low, our balance sheet is position to deliver continued growth in net interest income. Lets move on to non-interest income, adjusted non-interest income decreased $13 million or 3% during the quarter, driven primarily by declines in mortgage and capital markets income, partially offset by an increase in service charges. In addition, the company incurred $10 million of operating lease impairments during the third quarter, compared to $7 million incurred in the second quarter. Year-to-date, we have incurred $22 million in operating lease impairment charges, primarily attributable to oilfield services customers. Mortgage income decreased $8 million or 20% during the quarter. Despite a 9% decline in mortgage production, sales revenue increased $1 million or 4%, primarily due to improved secondary marketing gains. However, this increase was offset by $9 million reduction in the valuation of residential mortgage servicing rights. Capital markets income decreased $3 million or 8% driven by lower merger and acquisition advisory services, and loan syndication income, partially offset by higher revenues associated with debt underwriting. Card and ATM fees were negatively impacted by the hurricanes, as the estimated impact of fee waiver was approximately $1 million in the quarter. However, service charges increased $6 million or 4% during the quarter, aided by continue checking account growth, new now banking accounts and higher mobile deposit revenue. Wealth Management income remained relatively unchanged during the quarter. Of note, our wealth team recently launched the Regions wealth platform through its partnership with SEI Global Services. This new and enhanced platform is expected to benefit all customers across the wealth space, including private wealth, institutional services and asset management, with best-in-class online experience, while also increasing operational efficiencies. Similarly, in an effort to improve our customer experience through innovation, we were in the process of rolling out a new iTreasury platform. This should enhance the customers experience and further expand our product capabilities. We also announced this week plans to expand person-to-person payments and account to account transfer solutions through our partnership with Fiserv. We will add Turnkey Service Brazil and Transfer Now capabilities in the first half of 2018, providing an enhanced and seamless customer experience across all payment types. With respect to future non-interest income, we expect growth in capital markets revenue next quarter as several transactions originally expected to close in the third quarter are now expected to close in the fourth. In addition, we expect a modest increase in Mortgage, Wealth Management and card and ATM fees to collectively contribute to overall growth in adjusted non-interest income during the fourth quarter. We continue to expect full year adjusted non-interest income to remain relatively stable with the prior year. Lets move on to expenses. On an adjusted basis expenses were well-controlled in the third quarter, decreasing $19 million or 2%, compared to the second quarter. Total salaries and benefits decreased $14 million or 3%, primarily due to reduced pension settlement charges and lower health insurance costs. Professional fees decreased $7 million during the quarter, associated with lower legal and consulting costs. Provision for unfunded credit losses also decreased $5 million during the quarter. These declines were partially offset by $5 million increase in occupancy and a $7 million increase in other real estate expenses related to branch damage, hurricane preparedness and other storm-related charges. Despite the impacts of operating lease impairments, pension settlements and hurricane-related charges, the adjusted efficiency ratio improved 150 basis points to 61.7% during the quarter. We continue to expect the full year adjusted efficiency ratio to be approximately 62%. The company also produced solid growth in pretax pre-provision income, increasing 4% compared to the second quarter and 12% compared to the third quarter of the prior year on an adjusted basis. For the first nine months of 2017 the company generated positive operating leverage on an adjusted basis of just over 1%, reflecting growth and adjusted total revenue of 1.5%, offset by 0.3% increase in adjusted non-interest expense. We expect full year adjusted operating leverage of approximately 2%. With respect to taxes, the effective tax rate increased 140 basis points in the quarter to 30.9% and our full year guidance for the effective tax rate remains unchanged in the 30% to 31% range. Shifting to asset quality, excluding the impact of the hurricanes, we experienced another good quarter from the credit perspective. Non-performing, criticized and trouble debt restructured loans continue to improve. Non-performing loans decline $63 million, resulting in an NPL ratio of 0.96%. We also reported a 10% and 8% decline in business services criticized and total trouble debt restructured loans, respectively. These declines were primarily driven by improvement in commercial loans. Net charge-offs totaled $76 million in the third quarter or 38 basis points of average loans. This represents an $8 million increase over the second quarter and includes the impact of two large energy credits. For the first nine months of 2017, net charge-offs represented 41 basis points of average loans. We continue to expect full year net charge-offs to be in the 35 basis point to 50 basis point range. As Grayson mentioned, its too early to assess the full impact of the hurricanes, generally it takes up to nine months to fully evaluate storm-related losses. We are still gathering available intelligence, including direct communications with customers where possible to determine potential losses resulting from the storms. As you would expect, our loss estimate includes a significant amount of uncertainty. Based on our current evaluations, we have provided for an incremental reserve of $40 million for loan losses. Including the incremental reserve, the provision for loan losses match net charge-offs for the third quarter. The resulting allowance for loan losses at quarter end increased 1 basis point to 1.31% of total loans outstanding. We continue to characterize overall credit quality is stable. However, volatility from quarter-to-quarter in certain credit metrics can be expected, especially as it relates to large dollar commercial credits, fluctuating commodity prices and further analysis and revisions to hurricane-related exposures. Lets move on to capital and liquidity. During the quarter we repurchased $500 million or 34.6 million shares of common stock and declared $105 million in dividends to common shareholders, an aggressive start to our recently approved capital plan. We see the compounding benefit of executing repurchases early, but also understand the need to retain some flexibility throughout the year. Our resulting capital ratios remain robust. Under Basel III the Tier 1 capital ratios was estimated at 12.1% and the fully phased-in common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 11.2%. Finally, our liquidity position remains solid, with a low loan-to-deposit ratio of 81% and we were fully compliant with the liquidity coverage ratio rule as of quarter end. Regarding expectations, while 2017 has been challenging in many respects, we still expect to meet our overall profitability targets for the year. We are able to accomplish this because our asset sensitive balance sheet continues to benefit from increasing interest rates, including the benefit of our core deposit base and at the same time we are continuing to exercise solid expense management. I have provided an update on each of these targets on the previous pages of deck. Those updates are summarized again on this slide for your reference. So in conclusion, despite the negative impacts from recent hurricanes, we reported solid third quarter results and remained focused on continuing to execute our strategic plan to drive growth and shareholder value. And to end, as Grayson mentioned, we expect to achieve the majority of the $400 million expense eliminations by 2018, one year ahead of schedule and are committed to achieving additional expense reductions over and above the $400 million amount, and we look forward to providing additional details to you later this year. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning. And Ill now turn it back over to Dana for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, David. Before we begin the Q&A, as a courtesy to others, please limit your questions to one primary and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. We will now open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Winter: Good morning. I was just curious how much is left in terms of the balance sheet repositioning on the commercial side and in indirect auto?
David Turner: And in -- so in indirect auto, that runoff usually takes about two and half years runoff. It cost us somewhere in the $500 million range as we mentioned, so we just now finished about a year, so we have about a year and half round number, Peter.
Peter Winter: Okay. And on the commercial side?
David Turner: So we think about repurposing, we got -- round numbers we had talked about another $1 billion that we were looking at. The truth is we continue to see opportunities to look at all of our relationships as they continue to come through and mature, and so its hard to explain to you exactly how much in terms of runoff would occur, its really the opportunity to look at a lot of large corporate relationships as they come up for renewal.
John Turner: Yeah. Peter, this is John Turner. I would say that, our expectation was that we would begin to see inflection point in the third quarter and fourth quarter. Obviously we were surprised by the amount of pay downs in the third quarter and just the amount of liquidity has float into the bank. The timing of the transition from building or from becoming less dependent on construction lending, particularly in real estate and matching that with an increase in term lending has been all slower than we thought. We do see that pipeline now building and so believe that we will grow loans based upon what we know today, grow loans on an end-to-end basis in the fourth quarter. Our pipelines are stronger, our production has improved quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year and so we believe we are beginning to see some momentum building in the loan portfolio based upon what we know today.
Peter Winter: Got it. And just a quick follow question, of the $400 million in planned expenses, how much of you realized so far?
Grayson Hall: We had talked about a $300 million we will -- that we found and the extra $100 million, which got us to the $400 million we will find by 2019. Weve now updated that guidance to tell you we will find the majority of that extra $100 million in 2018. But we want to reserve kind of including our 2018 looks like for later part of the year, because there are investments that we were making. Theres investments in technology in particular and so in the -- in December we will give you better guidance in terms of what that means for 2018. And were also looking beyond the $400 million over the next three years, 18, 19 and 20, we will give you guidance on that in December as well.
Peter Winter: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rose of Raymond James.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Rose: Hey. Good morning. Just a follow-up on the expense question, can you just remind us what areas of the expense base the $400 million is going to come from. Then maybe just a follow-up on that the $400, how much you think will be on a net basis when you mentioned some investments? Thanks.
David Turner: Yeah. I will answer the last question. We really want to reserve that Michael for December, because we are continuing to finalize our budget, our strategic plan for the next three years. So we will have a better net response to you then. As we think about, how we are going to simplify and grow our bank, really looking at all processes that we have, starting with how we serve the customer all the way to how back office enables the front office to deliver our product and service. Our goal is really to simplify how our customers bank with us and how our associates serve our customers. So it is a broad base initiatives that we will be looking at how we can leverage technology to get more efficient and to have a more effective responses in many areas, and so we continue to look at branches as weve done, we have consolidated more branches and any peer since the crisis and we look at a lot of square footage even outside of the branch in terms of opportunities for saving. So its is pretty broad base.
Grayson Hall: Yeah. Michael, I think, that just to reiterate what David said, we continue to look at how we can do business more efficiently and still making sure we are doing business effectively. And as David mentioned, part of that strategy has been in our channels, in our culture channels and year-over-year our branches are down almost 7%. Weve been pretty aggressive in trying to rationalize our physical points of presence. Weve also been very judicious in looking at all of our operational processes to try to streamline those to make a more efficient. We just invested in some technologies, it have allowed us to continue to reduce our staffing levels to be more efficient. We work very diligently with all of our vendor partnerships to try to rationalize our expanded -- expenditure with third parties and you going to see us continue to keep expense management at a really high-level of focus and priority over the next several quarters. Its an imperative in the slow low rate, slow growth environment.
David Turner: Yeah. Michael, let me add one another thing, you know what our goal is with regards to efficiency in 2018. And as Grayson just mentioned, our expectations are to do what we have to achieve that -- those expectations that we laid out at our Investor Day, regardless of the environment that might be ahead of us in a slow growth whether rates are up or down or whether they are up or flat, and so that thats what our reason for focusing on the expense initiative.
Michael Rose: Thanks, David. Thats actually I was trying to get at. And maybe just my follow-up, you guys have a decent provision for the hurricanes this quarter, if I go back to Katrina, since you guys took about $100 million and the loss came in a lot less than that. Should that same dynamic occur here, should we think about the future pace of provisioning to be more in line with loan growth and you basically growing to that excess provisioning, is that the right way to think about it?
Barb Godin: Yeah. This is Barb Godin. I wouldnt call an excess provisioning, what we do is then we look at the Hurricane Katrina of course being a very different hurricane than the three that we experienced, including a lot of the rules and regs, and help you got money back in Katrina and what happens. But we take a very methodical approach to sizing up our exposure could be to the hurricanes, not just on the physical exposure but we reach out to customers, we reach out to other, we use the third-party service to help us do some reconnaissance work, et cetera. And so we come up with what our best estimate is recognizing the hurricane came in at the end of the quarter, the best estimate at this point as you know was about $40 million. We are going to continue to refine that. As David said, it will take us roughly over the next nine months for us to fully get that number result, but we will have much more clarity even as we move into next quarter on that number. And so far as the rest of our allowance goes, we fill customer with the methodology that we use around our where we set allowance for the company. So again, we certainly dont count on any bleed over from something like hurricane.
David Turner: I do thank
Michael Rose: Okay. Thats helpful.
David Turner: for Barb comments that, every day we are learning a little bit more from our customers and obviously the more information that we get from customers and communities, the more refined our estimates are for those losses. And historically, as Barb mentioned, within about a nine month period we got a great degree of certainty about what that potential is. Weve taken what we believe to be disciplined and prudent approach of what weve done this quarter, but for certainty we have got a lot of play out.
Michael Rose: Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt OConnor of Deutsche Bank.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Matt.
Rob Hansen: Good morning. This is Rob from Matts team. Just on expenses versus your adjusted expense number of [ph] $80 (39:15), I was just curious, how should we think about the 4Q level and then how much of the specific items that you called out this quarter should expect to be repeated this quarter and thereafter, specifically the hurricane related expenses, branch consolidation charges, et cetera?
Grayson Hall: Yeah. We had a very solid quarter from an expense management standpoint. I think you got a look at the hurricane and the expenses that we incurred both direct and through the expense categories and addressing the hurricanes, but also the provisioning we took as well. So, David, if you want to try to frame that.
David Turner: Yeah. So, I think, that, clearly, as we mentioned the hurricanes, three of them happened right here at the end of the quarter, so we did our best to estimate losses both on the credit side, as well as the non-credit side. We will have some adjustments in the fourth quarter. I dont expect those to be many great magnitude thus far based on what we know today. And as we think about expenses, we still are within our guidance that we provided at the end of the year that we would be less than 1%, we have given you a guidance that we believe our operating leverage for the year will be approximating 2%. So, I think, your questions also leading into what its look like for 18 and I am just going to ask you to be little patience until we get to December and we will give you a better net number for both 18, 19 and 20.
Grayson Hall: Just to look at the third quarter and when we have hurricanes like this we dispatched off a lot of our team members with supplies and generators and so forth. We have a lot of payers. We have a lot of expenses occur when these events happen and our response to them and then weve also taken a very supportive stance on waiving fees and so forth during the event period to try to accommodate our customers getting through these tough situations. And so, but in spite of that we still posted up a really solid quarter from an expense management perspective.
Rob Hansen: Okay. And then just separately with regards to the NIM and net interest income beyond 4Q, how you are thinking about your ability to grow net interest income dollars next year ex the benefit of any additional rate hikes?
David Turner: Yeah. So provided a little bit of guidance in terms of where our balance sheet is currently positioned right now with regards to even rates where they are as we have fixed rate loans maturing that and securities are rolling over that we can reinvest to have some accretion in net interest income and resulting margin. We do believe if we mentioned that we will grow loans in the fourth quarter we will give you guidance in terms of loan growth relative to 2018 again in December. But we expect to continue to benefit without a rate increase and of course, the probability of December increase is in the plus 80% right now which is why we gave you the guidance on NIM in the fourth quarter to be up modestly.
Rob Hansen: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Geoffrey.
Geoffrey Elliott: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe back to the efficiency ratio, because I think its important to clarify, the target from the Investor Day of adjusted efficiency ratio less than 60%. You said that that still stands the full year 2018, just wanted to make sure everyones on the same page on that?
David Turner: Yeah. Thats correct.
Geoffrey Elliott: Great. And then in terms of the expense initiatives that youve run so far, I guess, there is always a trade-off between saving expenses and avoiding a negative impact on revenues. Is there anything that youve done so far that stands out as having been particularly effected in that trade-off, just some color around that might help us think about, how we look at expenses going forward and when most aids can come from?
Grayson Hall: Yeah. Probably the biggest impact is -- has been how we have sort of rationalize not only our physical footprint in terms of numbers of branches, but also how we format those branches from a staffing perspective and In will ask John Owen to speak to that just a moment.
John Owen: Sure. Our Investor Day few years ago we laid out plan to consolidate say 100 and 150 branches over a three-year period. We beat that. We are about 163 branches right now at the end of two years, so we are in advance to that. As Grayson said, at the same time, we have also rolled out a new online and mobile banking platform. Good thing I point out in the face of consolidations on the consumer side, we continued to grow revenue from customer accounts, grow deposits and grow loans. So even with the branch consolidation, I think, we are having a very balanced approach both on the digital side and with physical branch side.
Geoffrey Elliott: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Moss of FBR.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Moss: Good morning. I was wondering on your end of period loan growth commentary, if you could help give some color around what your expectations of the drivers are for the fourth quarter growth here?
John Turner: Yeah. So, this is John Turner, again. I would say, first of all, our markets were, probably, some of the slowest to recover in the country when we look at GDP and over the last two years weve had some headwinds as we thought about trying to remix our business. We have also had to deal with energy recession, concerns about multifamily and our desire to change our mix of business. All that came together to have a probably larger than might expected impact on loan growth. As we look forward what we are beginning see is market strengthening and so in our core businesses our portfolios are improving and some of ours specialized businesses like tech and defense, like financial services, we are seeing a good bit of activity in those markets and so pipelines are strengthening and then our Regions business capital asset based lending platform is active and we expected to have a good year in 2018. And so as we look at our pipelines, we look across our markets, we are seeing strengthening in those economies and we are seeing, frankly, better execution amongst our teams, which we believe is going to lead to again some positive momentum, given what we know today.
Steve Moss: Thats helpful. And then where does the -- whats the balance of your shared national credit as of September 30th?
David Turner: The actual balance is effectively unchanged. I think our commitments are in the range of $38 billion, outstandings roughly $19 billion, commitments are up modestly, outstandings are down a little year-over-year, couple $100 million, but we have generally tried to hold those balances about flat and are again remixing the business exiting some relationships, as David pointed out, entering others as we see opportunities to be more relevant and to gain more of our customers share wallet.
Steve Moss: And one last one if I may, just wondering where you are looking to invest in the franchise in 2018 as we think about expenses here?
David Turner: Yeah. So weve mentioned quite a few technology investments in our prepared comments in terms of helping our customers, helping guess our customers bank easier with us and helping our associates serve our customers. So you are going to continue to see investments in digital, will be a big investment that we need to have. And I think the whole simplify and grow the bank, again a lot of initiatives there in terms of process. So we think technology will enable us to have more efficient and effective processes through that implementation, which is going to cost us a little bit of money, which is why we dont want to answer the question for 18 just yet.
Grayson Hall: But you will see
Steve Moss: All right.
Grayson Hall: You will see us as we go through our simplify and grow initiatives, we want to try to continue to enhance and strengthen the customer experience. We also want to try to find more ways to create more effectiveness and more efficiency in the back office, in particular in risk and compliance and we believe theres technology solutions that will allow us to do a better job in risk and compliance through robotics and artificial intelligence, we believe some of those investments we are making really find a way to make us not only do a better job, but do that job in more streamline manner.
Steve Moss: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good morning. I had a follow up on the discussion, I think, David, you were mentioning, how the front book is coming in better than a back book, were you speaking about the overall portfolio, so that would reflect some mix shift of where youre generating some of your incremental assets? What was that more specific around? What youre seeing in your securities book at current yields and what youre seeing in a C&I and CRE. Can you just give us some color there on would be helpful?
David Turner: Yeah. Betsy, its actually both of those. We are looking at the total portfolio, the fixed rates that are -- that exist on both in consumer and in the business side, as well as the securities book that rolls over every month, and so it is a combination of those two or literally three things that we believe will help us be accretive in terms of net interest income even if rates stay kind of where they are.
Betsy Graseck: And how you are thinking about NIM in that situation, I mean, obviously, weve got deposit betas that are beginning to rise here, so whats your thought on that?
David Turner: Well, weve -- so we do believe that as rates continue to increase in the face of that, those rates increase deposit betas will also increase. Weve been fortunate thus far our deposit beta is around 10% thus far, quarter-over-quarter we were about 14%, but like beta about 10%. We believe this is a unique advantage for Regions and that our deposit base SKUs to our retail depositors where in smaller markets were in those markets where deposit costs or deposit pricing is less sensitive and that we will have a better deposit beta relative to our peers consistent with what we experience last up cycle. So we think theres continued benefit for us to actually extract the value out of our deposit franchise as we finally getting rate increase.
Betsy Graseck: And then just on, again the front book, back book question, are you also suggesting that spread in C&I and CRE, and three other asset classes are stabilizing here or is there yields are up enough to offset any spread compression?
Grayson Hall: Yeah. Its a great question. So spreads clearly have tightened up since a year ago. Thats why you saw not just with Regions but a lot of our peers with access to the capital markets, thats why you saw our $1 billion issuance in the third quarter, a little earlier than we had originally intended, because of that spread tightening. I think theres still a lot of competition out there. Spreads are down, not down dramatically from a year ago, call it 9 basis points across the board, different asset classes and I think that we dont have an expectation that that will continue to grind down, but I dont see it evident of massive reversal either.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then just lastly, NIM, your commentary about 4Q going up, not making any commentary about NIM for 2018 yet, but NII moving higher that thats the takeaway?
Grayson Hall: Thats correct. Consistent with the expectation
Betsy Graseck: Increment
Grayson Hall:  December rate increase, thats right.
Betsy Graseck: Yeah. Got it. Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Understanding your comments about potential volatility to come post hurricane on the credit front, just given that this quarter was the biggest energy charge-off quarter you had, you had 10% reductions in almost every metric of non-performers, classifieds, TDRs, et cetera. Could you just help us understand what your underlying trajectory looks to be for losses, any reason to expect any change in the loss rate and can we still continue to see ongoing reserve leases from here given all that?
Barb Godin: Good morning, Ken. Its Barb. Relative to the charge-offs. You are right. We did have a $28 million energy charge-off quarter. That was oilfields services primarily we are seeing an end coming to that book. I think you will start to see that over the coming quarters, but the energy itself in E&P and other sectors is really played itself out little bit of oilfield services left. Relative to improvements in things like our non-performing loans out of our top 11 credits eight of them were actually payoff that came which was -- and it was very broad base. There was only one that was energy and the rest were just a mix of everything else. That was good to see 90-day delinquency behave, criticize classified. We talked about it, et cetera. So all in as we think about where credit is, is stable for the time being and in terms of the allowance obviously as you hear me say, we follow a mythology -- methodology and as things get better in our book, the allowance will as well. But we again dont anticipate the allowance that were going down, for example, at 1%, et cetera, but there could be some room for improvement in the allowance ratio.
Ken Usdin: Yeah. And I was just going to say that, hopefully, you start to see some loan growth from here and have to provide a little bit, but it would just seem with these metrics that youd be at least offsetting that with ongoing improvement and related releases?
Barb Godin: You are right. But, again, both Mr. Turner and Mr. Owen are working very hard as is the rest of the company to make sure that the growth story is going to be a great story for us particularly as we look forward over the next few quarters and well enough to release as much in my allowance, because we will be offsetting those loan growth.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Understood. Thank you, Barb.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Jennifer.
Jennifer Demba: My question really revolve around the energy book. Barb, do you think that energy book is bottomed at this point or do you think we will continue to see some contraction?
Barb Godin: In terms of, let me go with outstandings first, I think, you are going to see some contraction in our oilfield services, loan balances will continue to decline somewhat. In our midstream we are happy with that part of the book. You are going to actually see us growing that part of the book. Same thing with E&P. There is opportunities in there. Relative to the credit quality cases, again, the only key step, we really still think, time and attention on is the oilfield services piece. That too again, as I mentioned, this quarter we saw lot come through this quarter and I think that too is resulting itself pretty quickly.
Jennifer Demba: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. Just wanted to -- on the topic of capital, wanted to see how you would -- as you looking at the deployment, how would you prioritize M&A in the grand scheme of things? And then also on that front would you -- how do you view whole bank M&A versus non-bank deals? And then, lastly, what would you be your target as deals if you were to look at anything on the bank side? Thanks.
Grayson Hall: John, first of all, our focus right now is primarily call trying to execute on our fundamentals, grow the bank organically, manage expenses with an off a lot of focus and attention and deliver on the numbers that we have tried to project to you in our Investor Day and attract very closely with. As David mentioned, we will give you an idea sort of what we think in 2018, 2018 looks like in December. I think that when you look at the options we got in deploying our capital we first and foremost would look to deploy in the loan growth, as Barb had mentioned earlier, and of course, John Turner and John Owen are both pushing hard inside the company to do that and do it prudently. We have executed on number of non-bank acquisitions that that we think have been of a size and nature that has been accretive to our. We continue to look for those where they are at. We also monitor the bank M&A market very closely. We look at that. We look for when the economics of that makes sense for our company, but quite frankly and then quite candidly, right now, thats not the primary focus of ours. We just dont see that wonderful opportunity at this juncture. Those that could change. The map could change on that. The economics can change. But for right now we dont see that as a tremendous opportunity for our company.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks, Grayson. And then on the margin front, the deposits that youve been allowing to runoff the higher cost deposits, sorry if I missed this, but what is the average cost of what you have been running off? Thanks.
Grayson Hall: Hey. I dont have that John in front of me. We think about though is, we have collateralized deposits that dont provide us much liquidity value at all, because weve had to post securities for that, give us a little bit of diversification if you will from things like the FHLB. But when we have and let just call it Wealth Management or trust deposit where our customers are really looking for a better deal and we are willing to give them. We dont want that deposit that that really is going to show more of 100% beta as rates move and so we are sitting here with a loan deposit ratio of 81%, 82% and it just doesnt make sense for us to continue to hold on to those type deposits and we will continue to let those roll off.
David Turner: And if you look at, I mean, over the last several quarters we really strengthen the composition of our deposit base and we think its more of the core strength of the company and we have rationalized some of our higher cost deposit that whether it be collateralized deposits or public funds deposits. And under these liquidity rules, we want to make sure that were building high quality deposit base that we can depend on quarter in and quarter out and so we feel very good about the deposit base we have built obviously in this environment. We have been able to really make that composition ship very gracefully and feel good about where we are at today on deposits.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you. And just one more, on the back to Steves question around the shared national credit. Thanks for giving us the number. What portion of that portfolio of $19 billion an outstandings, are you the leader ranger. I know youve done a fair amount of repurposing with that exposure. So curious where you stand now in terms of which ones your lead on? Thanks.
Grayson Hall: So, John, we would say that we have a lead position right or left and a little over 10% of the opportunities that were currently. Well, roughly, we have about 10% of the opportunities that were engaged and we dont have a number on right.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Juneja of J.P. Morgan. Good morning, Vivek
Vivek Juneja: Good morning. Just want to follow up on that cost savings, just to take back a little bit further. You are expecting $400 million through the end of 18. How -- where are you thus far in that number. How much of that $400 have you achieved thus far?
David Turner: Yeah. So, Vivek, what we recently changed was, when we added the $100 million, so we had an original $300 million plan.
Vivek Juneja: Yeah.
David Turner: We added $100 million earlier and said we would find that through 2019. We have now adjusted that extra $100 million and say, we find the majority of that in 2018. So, not much of that component is actually in our current run rate.
Vivek Juneja: Okay.
David Turner: And we will give you better guide as to what that means in December.
Vivek Juneja: So meaning of the remaining $300 million, you are -- what youre saying is not all of that not most of that is already done, given that you are only one more quarter away from the end of 17. Does something less than just one quarter worth thats still you are expecting to still add, is that a fair interpretation?
David Turner: Yeah. That would be fair.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Second thing, insurance, fees have been coming down last three quarters, trying to understand just what your plans are for the business?
David Turner: Yeah. So we continue to evaluate the risk-adjusted returns on all of our businesses, we evaluate diversification of our businesses and geographies and as it relates to insurance youre quite right, industry has had a down on a premium market for some time, that starting to reverse actually recently. And so, but we continue, we are going through our strategic planning process, where we look at all of our businesses as we speak and we will give you again more guidance as to what that looks like for our next three years, we will lay that out in December.
Vivek Juneja: And what about acquisitions on that one, havent seen you do anything much, is that just lack of opportunities or have you decided to step off that a little.
David Turner: Yeah. So we backed off that a little bit, you know that industry very well, the multiples of cash flow became very expensive and it was hard for us to justify the type of investment it was going to take us to get any type of sizable acquisition done. So what you have really seen it later are really smaller acquisitions of producers that we put into that business and but its really right this minute cost prohibitive for us to spend the type of cash flow. Its going to be required to do the deal.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. And one last thing, your target for CET1 where -- what are you targeting and by when?
David Turner: Yeah. So we
Vivek Juneja: Just remind us.
David Turner: Yeah. So we have laid out a target common equity Tier 1 in the 9% range. We had originally targeted that for the end of 2018. We cant quite get there by the end of 2018. It will be in 2019 before we get there kind of given where our loan growth and our capital plan are laid out. We will update that as we do our CCAR next April, but we expect that to approach that sometime in 2019.
Vivek Juneja: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Saul Martinez of UBS.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Saul.
Saul Martinez: Hi. Hi. How are you? Sorry to beat a dead horse here, just want to understand the mechanics around the cost save. So at the Investor Day you highlighted that $300 million over the next three years which about 35% to 45% of that would be in 16 and the remainder would be kind of split between 17 and 18. That -- so essentially what youre saying is that still holds with the incremental $100 million or so will be mostly achieved in 2018. Am I understanding that correctly?
David Turner: Thats correct, Saul.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Okay. Great. Just -- and just the final question, if the 10 years kind of stays where we are at 2.4 even gravitate that, what is that mean for premium then going forward?
David Turner: Yeah. So we have kind of got to the point where our premium amortization is really not as important to us in terms of what our ultimate net interest income and margin are, we are sitting here in the mid-30s in terms of amortization, that might drift a bit lower, but not appreciably. So we are looking at maybe it bottoms out in the low 30s to high 40s.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Got it. So not really much of a change. All right.
David Turner: Yeah.
Saul Martinez: Terrific. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes todays question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor back over for any closing remarks.
Grayson Hall: No. Thank you. We very much appreciate your time and your interest in Regions and look forward to speaking to you at the end of next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dana Nolan - Investor Relations Grayson Hall - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer David Turner - Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Council and Operating Committee Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer and Operating Committee John Owen - Senior Executive Vice President, Head of Regional Banking Group, Executive Council and Operating Committee John Turner - Senior Executive Vice President, Head of Corporate Banking Group Executive Council and Operating Committee
Analysts: Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley John McDonald - Bernstein Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ken Usdin - Jefferies John Pancari - Evercore ISI Steve Moss - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula and I will be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants online have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Ms. Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Regions second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Grayson Hall, our Chief Executive Officer will review highlights of our second quarter year-over-year financial performance; and David Turner, our Chief Financial Officer, will take you through the details compared to the prior quarter. Other members of the management are also present and available to answer questions. A copy of the slide presentation referenced throughout this call, as well as our earnings release and earnings supplement are available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Id also like to caution you that we will make forward-looking statements during todays call that are subject to risk and uncertainties and well also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from expectations, as well as GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are detailed in our SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, Dana. Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying that, were pleased with our second quarter results, which demonstrate that we are continuing to execute our strategic plan with a long-term sustainable growth, while delivering value to our customers, communities and shareholders. For the quarter, earnings available to common shareholders from continuing operations increased 18% to $301 million, and earnings per share increased 25% to $0.25 compared to the second quarter of 2016. Importantly by expanding our customer base, we delivered results in areas we believe are fundamental to future income generation. This is evidenced by growth in checking accounts, households, credit cards, and wealth manager relationships, as well as total assets under management. We continue to benefit from our asset sensitive balance sheet, as interest rate increases drove a 4% increase and net interest income year-over-year, and the resulting net interest margin increased 17 basis points. Expenses remain well controlled with adjusted non-interest expenses increasing 1% year-over-year, as our efficiency efforts continue to mitigate core expense inflation and the impact of investments in new initiatives. As it relates to our loan portfolio, we remain focused on our deliberate and intentional diversification strategy, while we also seek to achieve appropriate risk adjusted returns. We are experiencing success with our remixing efforts. For example, we were early movers to reduce exposure in certain asset classes, including auto and multifamily lending. While our customers remain optimistic, many still do not have the confidence necessary to make meaningful investments and take on additional debt. That said, we are seeing some positive signs. For example, we experienced solid loan production increases across most loan portfolios during the second quarter, and we fully expect this momentum to continue through the second-half of the year. In the near-term, our interest rate sensitivity profile continues to position us well to grow net interest income even in the absence of meaningful loan growth aided in part by the strength of our deposit franchise. With respect to asset quality, our discipline approach to credit continues to deliver positive results, as we reported improvements in almost every credit metric. We continue to characterize overall credit quality stable. However, volatility from quarter-to-quarter and certain credit metrics can be expected, especially as it relates to large dollar commercial credits. Turning to capital deployment, we remain committed to achieving our long-term targets. We are focused on effectively deploying our capital through organic growth, strategic investments to increase revenue or reduce ongoing expenses, while also returning an appropriate amount of capital to our shareholders. We continue to benefit from the robust capital planning process that weve developed over a number of years, as evidenced by our recent CCAR results, where our planned capital actions once again received no objection. As part of the capital plan, our Board has authorized the share repurchase program of up to $1.47 million of common stock beginning in the third quarter. Subject to Board approval, plan includes 29% increase in Regions quarterly common stock dividend and $0.09 per share beginning in the third quarter. During the quarter, Regions was recognized by Javelin Strategy & Research as a Trust in Banking Leader award winner, reflecting our reliability in meeting customers needs and the confidence our customers have in Regions to look out for their best interests. In addition, Regions also received the Gallup Great Workplace Award for the third consecutive year. These examples illustrate how Regions comprehensive approach to providing financial services creates greater value for all of our stakeholders. In summary, our second quarter results reflect a continued execution of our strategic plan and our commitment to our three primary initiatives: growing and diversifying; practicing disciplined expense management; and effectively deploying our capital. With that, Ill turn it over to David to cover details of the second quarter.
David Turner: Thank you, Grayson, and good morning, everyone. Lets get started with the balance sheet and take a look at average loans. In the second quarter, average loan balances remained relatively stable at $80.1 billion. Average balances in the consumer lending portfolio totaled $31.1 billion, a decline of $87 million. Consumer production increased 22%, but this growth was offset by the companys decision to exit the third-party arrangement within the indirect vehicle portfolio. Excluding this runoff, average consumer loans increased approximately $140 million over the first quarter. Average indirect vehicle balances declined $201 million, or 5% during the quarter. Run-off in the third-party portfolio up $224 million, was partially offset by an increase of $23 million in our dealer financial services portfolio. The third-party portfolio is expected to decline between $500 million and $600 million on a full-year average basis during 2017. Average mortgage balances increased $168 million, or 1% consistent with seasonal increases typically experienced in the second quarter. We expect mortgage production in the second-half of the year to be comparable with the first-half of the year, despite additional declines in refinancing activity. Historically, our mortgage production mix has been weighted more heavily to home purchase versus refinancing activity, and enhancements to our online home loan direct mortgage channel will continue to provide a modest increase in production. Average home equity balances decreased $131 million, or 1%. Growth in average home equity loans of $52 million was offset by a decline of $183 million in average home equity lines of credit. Further, average line utilization decreased 66 basis points compared to the first quarter. Although, home equity balances are declining, the risk profile of the portfolio has improved significantly. We eliminated the interest-only option last year and today approximately 64% of total balances are in a first lien position. We also continue to have success with our other indirect lending portfolio, which includes point-of-sale lending initiatives. This portfolio increased $64 million, or 7% linked-quarter on an average basis. In addition, at the end of the second quarter, we purchased approximately $138 million of unsecured consumer loans, which are included in our other indirect lending portfolio. And we will continue to explore additional opportunities to further expand this portfolio. Average balances in our consumer credit card portfolio remained relatively stable with the prior quarter, as the number of active cards increased approximately 2%, helping to offset a seasonal decline in outstanding balances. Turning to the business lending portfolio, average balances totaled $49 billion in the second quarter, an increase of $19 million, as growth in commercial and industrial was partially offset by declines in owner occupied commercial real estate and investor real estate construction loans. As Grayson mentioned, we experienced solid production increases during the second quarter, with commercial and investor real estate loan production increasing 56% and 35%, respectively. In addition, commercial line utilization increased 20 basis points and commitments for new loans increased approximately $700 million from the previous quarter. Growth in average commercial and industrial loans was led by new or expanded relationships in government and institutional banking, asset-based lending, financial services, and the real estate investment trust portfolios. However, this growth continues to be offset as we produce exposure in certain instances. For example, average direct energy loans decreased $67 million, or 3% during the quarter and now represent less than 2.5% of total loans outstanding. Average medical office building loans decreased $40 million, or 12%. In addition, investor real estate construction loans decreased $41 million, due in part to our ongoing efforts to better diversify production between construction and term lending. While production is improving, the declines in average owner occupied commercial real estate loans reflect the continued softness in demand and competition for middle market and small business loans. We expect to maintain the momentum experienced this quarter through the second-half of the year, with future growth driven in part by the technology and defense, financial services, power and utilities and asset-based lending portfolios. Lets take a look at deposits. Total average deposits decreased $478 million less than 1% from the previous quarter, while average low-cost deposits decreased $335 million. Total average deposits in the Consumer segment increased $890 million, or 2% in the quarter. And this growth reflects the unique strength of our retail franchise and the overall health of the consumer. Average Corporate segment deposits decreased $581 million, or 2% during the quarter impacted by seasonal declines in public funds deposits. Average deposits in the Wealth Management segment declined $496 million, or 5%, as a result of ongoing strategic reductions of collateralized deposits. Certain institutional and corporate trust customer deposits, which require collateralization by securities continued to shift out of deposits and into other fee income-producing customer investments. Average deposits in the other segment decreased $291 million, or 8%, driven primarily by declines in average retail brokered sweep deposits. We will continue to manage and optimize our overall deposit base in the context of our balance sheet growth. Lets take a look at the composition of our deposit base. Second quarter deposit costs remained low at 15 basis points and total funding costs were 34 basis points, illustrating our deposit advantage. As a reminder, our deposit base is more heavily weighted toward retail customers. Approximately, 74% of average interest bearing deposits and 53% of average interest free deposits are considered retail. In addition, we have a loyal customer base, as more than 44% of our consumer low-cost deposits have been deposit customers at Regions for more than 10 years. And finally, approximately 50% of our deposits come from MSAs with less than 1 million people and approximately 35% from MSAs with less than 500,000 people, both are in the top quartile versus our peer group. Its for these reasons, we believe that our deposit base is a key component of our franchise value and is a competitive advantage, in particular, in a rising rate environment. So lets look at how this impacted our results. Net interest income on a fully taxable basis was $904 million in the second quarter, an increase of $23 million, or 3% from the first quarter. The resulting net interest margin was 3.32%, an increase of 7 basis points. Both net interest margin and net interest income benefited from several factors during the quarter, including higher interest rates and favorable credit-related interest recoveries. Further, one additional day in the quarter benefited net interest income by approximately $5 million, but negatively impacted net interest margin by approximately 2 basis points. Looking forward to the third quarter, we expect continued growth in net interest income, net interest margin will be stable to up modestly, and this includes the negative impact of one additional day in the quarter and the potential need to issue debt in the near-term. Non-interest income increased $15 million, or 3% in the quarter. This included the recognition of $5 million deferred gain associated with the sale of affordable housing mortgage loans that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2016 and an operating lease impairment charge of $7 million recorded during the second quarter, compared to $5 million impairment charge recorded in the first quarter. When indications of possible impairment arise, we evaluate the current value of operating lease assets and record impairment charges when necessary. These impairment charges are recorded as reductions to other non-interest income. Adjusted non-interest income increased $9 million, or 2% in the quarter, driven primarily by increases in capital markets income and bank-owned life insurance. Capital markets income increased $6 million, or 19%, as increases in fees generated from Fannie Mae DUS real estate placements and merger and acquisition advisory services were partially offset by declines in revenues associated with debt underwriting and loan syndications. Bank-owned life insurance increased $3 million, as a result of higher claim benefits. Mortgage production increased 25% during the quarter, while mortgage income remained relatively stable within total mortgage production, 80% was related to purchase activity and 20% was related to refinancing. An increase in mortgage servicing income was offset by modest spread compression and lower hedging gain. During the quarter, we completed the purchase of rights to service $2.7 billion of mortgage loans. And including this transaction, we have purchased the rights to service more than $15 billion of mortgage loans over the past four years. And looking ahead, increased servicing income is expected to help offset the impact of lower refinancing volumes. Looking forward, we expect a pickup in capital markets revenue along with modest growth in wealth management, mortgage and card and ATM fees to contribute to overall growth in adjusted non-interest income during the second-half of the year. Lets take a look at expenses. Total non-interest expenses increased 4% during the quarter. On an adjusted basis, expenses totaled $899 million, an increase of $27 million, or 3% compared to the first quarter. Total salaries and benefits increased $19 million and included $10 million associated with a pension settlement charge. Excluding the pension settlement charge, salaries and benefits increased $9 million, or 2% and included a full quarters impact of merit increases, as well as increases in production-based incentives. These increases were partially offset by lower payroll taxes and a modest decline in staffing levels. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect higher production-based incentives commensurate with revenue growth. However, we expect total salaries and benefits to decline as pension and settlement charges are not expected to repeat at this level. Professional and legal expenses increased $6 million during the quarter, primarily due to an increase in legal settlement expense. Furniture and equipment expense increased $5 million, primarily associated with capital investment projects, including an enhanced online banking platform and other technology initiatives. As these are now included in our run rate, we expect furniture and equipment expense to remain approximately this level for the remainder of the year. The second quarter adjusted efficiency ratio increased 50 basis points to 63.2% and includes the impact of the pension settlement and operating lease impairment charges. These charges negatively impacted the adjusted efficiency ratio by 100 basis points during the quarter. And despite the negative impact of these charges, we continue to expect the full-year adjusted efficiency ratio to be approximately 62%. With respect to taxes, the effective tax rate improved 90 basis points in the quarter to 29.5%. Now shifting to asset quality, net charge-offs totaled $68 million in the second quarter, a 32% improvement over the first quarter and represented 34 basis points of average loans. The provision for loan losses was $20 million less than net charge-offs. A reduction in non-performing and criticized loans resulted in an allowance for loan and lease losses decline of 3 basis points to 1.3% of total loans outstanding. The allowance for loan and lease losses associated with the direct energy loan portfolio increased to 6.9% in the quarter, compared to 6.1% in the first quarter, reflecting a specific reserve increase related to one oilfield service credit. Total non-accrual loans, excluding loans held for sale decreased $181 million, or 18% to 1.03% of loans outstanding, driven by broad-based improvement in commercial loans. Total business services criticized loans decreased 7% and total delinquencies decreased 5%. The improvement in criticized loans was primarily due to declines in energy and transportation and warehousing loans. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total non-accrual loans, or coverage ratio was 127% at quarter-end. Excluding energy, the coverage ratio increased from 135% to 163% in the second quarter. Total direct energy charge-offs were $18 million during the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $31 million. Lets move on to capital and liquidity. During the quarter, we repurchased $125 million, or 9.1 million shares of common stock and declared $84 million in dividends to common shareholders, resulting in 70% of earnings being returned to shareholders. At the same time, our capital ratios remained robust. Under Basel III, the Tier 1 capital ratio was estimated at 12.% and the fully phased in common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated at a 11.3%. And finally, our liquidity position remains solid, with a low loan-to-deposit ratio of 82%, and we were fully compliant with the liquidity coverage ratio rule as of quarter-end. As Grayson mentioned, we are pleased with our CCAR results and remain committed to prudently investing in our businesses for future growth, as well as returning an appropriate level of capital to our shareholders. Turning to our outlook for the balance of 2017, our expectations remain essentially unchanged from last quarter. Excluding the impact of our third-party indirect vehicle portfolio, we expect full-year average loans to be flat to slightly down compared to the prior year. However, looking ahead, we expect to modestly grow average and ending loans on a sequential linked-quarter basis over the second-half of the year. We expect full-year average deposit balances to be relatively stable with the prior year. We expect net interest income another financing income growth of 3% to 5% and full-year adjusted non-interest income growth of 1% to 3%. Total adjusted non-interest expenses in 2017 are expected to increase between zero and 1%, and we remain committed to achieving a full-year adjusted efficiency ratio of approximately 62%, with positive adjusted operating leverage in the 2% to 4% range. We now expect the full-year effective tax rate in the 30% to 31% range, and we expect full-year net charge-offs to remain in the 35 to 50 basis points range. So in summary, we are very pleased with our second quarter results and remain focused on continuing to execute our strategic plan to drive growth and shareholder value. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning. And Ill now turn it back over to Dana for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, David. Before we begin the Q&A, as a courtesy to others, please limit your questions to one primary and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible this morning. We will now open the line for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Hi, good morning. A couple of questions. One, I appreciate all the detail on deposits composition that you gave us. And Im just wondering in the context of your loan-to-deposit ratio, 82%, can you just give us a sense as to where youre anticipating? What levers you can pull to drive the deposit growth to continue to fund the loan growth? And are you thinking about that loan-to-deposit ratio staying flat, or are you comfortable having it migrate higher?
Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, Ill start and Ill ask David to add to it. One, weve had a very thoughtful and prescriptive deposit strategy. And if you look at our deposit composition over the last two or three years, youve seen us really drive to create greater diversity in that portfolio, more granularity and less cost And youve seen us execute a strategy, where weve reduced some of our highest cost deposits. Weve reduced a substantial amount of deposits that require securities for collateralization. And so were very proud of the deposit base we put together. And as rates have started rising, you look at the deposit betas that weve been able to learn and we feel good about that. We think the big part of the value, this franchise is a strength of our deposit base. We would actually like to see our loan-to-deposit ratio improve, go up, if you will. We believe that weve got the capability and the capacity to fund a great deal of our growth with deposits throughout the communities we operate in.
David Turner: Yes, Betsy, I want to add a couple of things. We dont focus on trying to get to any particular loan deposit ratio. We believe the core of any bank franchise is the ability to attract and retain low-cost core deposit and we are very good at that. Regardless of if our loan-to-deposit ratio was even lower, we send a message to the field every day, all day about attracting low-cost core deposit. Thats just so fundamental to our profitability. That being said, we would love to have those deposits deployed in the loan book versus somewhere else, securities or otherwise. And were looking to grow loans as is prudent. And we did a little better this quarter, well talk about loans in a minute. But we have good core funding. Were ready to grow loans, but were not going to force it. Were going to take whats out there. Our teams are working hard to grow appropriately, and again, were not trying to solve for a given ratio.
Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, weve made a very conscious effort to do  take a different risk appetite on certain of our lending segments, energy and multifamily, medical office building. Youve seen us do that in auto lending as well. Weve made some risk changes into our equity lending products that take risk off of that. So weve been very thoughtful about what part of our lending portfolio we want to grow. And we feel like, weve sort of remixed, both our deposit and our loan balance sheet. So we think, were in a very good position to grow. As we said earlier in our prepared remarks, we had over a 20% increase in consumer lending production this quarter and over 50% increase in our commercial lending production. So we think that second-half of the year, we can see much improved numbers.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. That makes sense. I was just  I really like the detail on ID and how much of that is coming retail. And I just  when I heard your comment about the outlook for issuing some debt, I was a little confused there. Are you looking to hold the LDR flat and issue debt to fund growth? But maybe theres a different reason why youre issuing the debt, if you could just explain a little bit?
David Turner: Yes, thats a great question, because were really talking about holding the company debt versus bank debt. We  the liquidity profile of the bank is in great shape, as we just mentioned. We do have some corporate needs too at the holding company that that we need to take care of. The exact timing of that not sure, which quarter that will hit in. It likely be towards the end of the year. So I dont know that there will be a whole lot of impact from that this year could be some. But the general corporate purposes include things like our share buyback too that we had to think through how we fund that. So thats really what its about.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And so its more on optimization of capital structure as opposed to any kind of regulatory request?
David Turner: Yes, thats correct.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And do you have a sense of the size of the debt issuance?
David Turner: Weve talked about anywhere from $750 to $1 billion range that we would be looking at.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald of Bernstein.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, John.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning. Just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the puts and takes to the outlook for the margin next quarter stable to up modestly. And what are some of the underlying assumptions for your NII and NIM guidance for the year?
David Turner: Yes, sure. So before we get to NIM, which is at the result what we talked about NII. So we believe we can continue to grow NII. Weve talked about the fact that we had good production from a loan standpoint. We expect loan growth to be more robust in the second-half of the year than it was in the first-half of the year. Weve done a good job of controlling our deposit cost. Our deposit costs were up 1%, call that at 10% beta. Thus far, were not been able see, its been among the lowest of our peer group. And it really gets back to all the discussion we had on our deposit franchise and our beta and our core accrual smaller markets that we get deposits from. So we think that  the curves helped a little bit. I would tell you on the corporate side, LIBOR starts to move before increases happened. So we did get the June increase. The commercial side of that started to reflect it earlier, because LIBOR moved in advance. We do pickup a little bit more on the consumer side their prime base. Kudos in terms of the probability of the December rate increase, its not very high from a profitability standpoint right this minute. But as the market starts to anticipate that LIBOR to move too, I think our outlook really takes into account todays boards. From a NIM standpoint, we did have 2 basis points that came through NIM this past quarter on recoveries  credit recoveries. We had guided a three to five. Last quarter, we ended up with seven and the two points really came from that. We dont forecast those recoveries if they happen, they happen. And so thats a little piece of the disconnect, where youre trying to figure out why its stable to up modestly. You also have to look at where we are. I mean, we have a  on a relative basis to our peers, a pretty strong NIM. And when we have the curve, its pretty flat. So the profitability of what goes on relative to our existing NIM is even harder. So you dont see quite the expansion that weve had. But if you take out the 2 points that I just mentioned, we should see growth similar to what we saw in the last quarter.
John McDonald: Okay, thats helpful. And just as a follow-up, David, wanted to ask about your updated thoughts on normalizing the equity base and getting that CET 1 to the 9.5% you talked about. I think earlier in the year, you were talking maybe end of 2018, early 2019 getting there. I was wondering if the successful CCAR and the big ask to help you get there faster, or just reinforce your confidence about getting to that target?
David Turner: Yes, we put in a plan to get down to that 9.5% by the end of 2018. Weve mentioned numerous times, we cant quite get there. We dont think, at least, it depends on what loan growth looks like over that period of time. Well get close. We had anticipated, of course, we knew what our ask was at that time. We just are reluctant about sharing anything specific until our regulatory supervisors have an opportunity to object or not object. And so were confident at the submission even though we didnt know. And were confident, we can get to that 9.5 in due time and were confident were going to get to our 12% to 14% return on tangible common by then as well. So everything is coming together, as we planned. As we stated in the Investor Day over a year-and-a-half ago, we feel very good about where were marching towards that goal at this point in time.
John McDonald: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt OConnor of Deutsche Bank.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Matt.
Matt OConnor: Good morning. Overall credit quality was quite good. I did notice an increase in the commercial TDRs. And apologies, if I missed, any opening comment on that, but what drove that rise?
Grayson Hall: No, I mean, I think, what you saw this quarter is that, weve characterized our credit quality as stable. We continue to believe that. Theres some volatility from quarter-to-quarter. And then the granularity of that portfolio isnt quite as small as wed like. So one or two credits can make a difference and TDRs, thats the case. Theres one or two energy credits. But Ill ask Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer to expand on that.
Barb Godin: Thank you, Grayson. And thats exactly what it was. Its a small handful few energy credits and an ag credit on the energy side. Of course, weve just finished or in the midst of finishing our spring borrowing base redetermination. So theres some of that and working with out oilfield services. So nothing systemic at all. And in fact, I think that number you will start to see it move down through the balance of the year as well based on what we know.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, Barb.
Matt OConnor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. The investor community seems to be losing a little bit of faith in terms of the revenue outlook for the industry generally, as the year has progressed. And Im wondering, as you think about your efficiency target first sub-60% for next year  for the full-year of next year. Is there enough sort of as you look out on the budget and the expense pipeline to continue to support that target even if sort of the rate outlook once again is maybe a little bit short of what we thought it was going to be to begin the year?
Grayson Hall: Well, Erika, we -- clearly, we cant bet on rates. Weve got to maintain a very disciplined, very rigorous expense management program. Were absolutely committed to that, we dont believe. We believe thats fundamentally the right thing for us to be doing in a low-rate, low-growth economy. We continue to press hard on a number of fronts to make sure that were delivering on that. As David said earlier, our personnel expenses quarter-over-quarter, our staffing relatively flat, but we had to absorb merit increases. And also I guess year-over-year, were down a little over 300 positions. We have tried to structurally change our expense base and continue to do that. Im going to ask John Owen, if youll speak for just a moment. We continue to rationalize our branch franchise and recently made some announcements that further complete some commitments we made at Investor Day year-and-a-half ago about what were going to on branch closures. So, John?
John Owen: Good morning. This week we announced consolidation of 22 additional branches. At Investor Day, we made a commitment that we would consolidate between 100 and 150 branches and weve got to about 160 right now. Over the last 10 years from our peak between 127 branches is where we peaked. Were down now about 1,500. So overall, were down about 30%.
David Turner: And were delivering on that 150, which is now at 260, a year early.
John Owen: Right.
David Turner: And so, I mean, I just used that as an example of where not only were trying to reduce expenses, but were trying to accelerate the pace of that expense management activity.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And as we look forward  this is a follow-up to Johns line of questioning. Clearly, best-in-class in terms of total payout, as we look forward over the next couple of years, how are you balancing the preference between dividends and buybacks? And over the medium-term, whats a more normalized dividend payout ratio for your bank and given how  what you observed of your CCAR results?
David Turner: Yes. So its a great question. Clearly, we  its critical that we get our common equity Tier 1 and other ratios to follow along with that to an appropriate level of capital for our company and optimized best we can, both in common and preferred  common items like preferred And I think that we can do that over this fairly short period of time. As you optimize your capital based on the risk within your balance sheet, we do start leaning more towards a higher percentage of our income being paid out in a full dividend. So we had as files our ratio in the 30% to 40% range, thats moving up in the 35% to 45% range. As time goes, well refine that as well. But I would think that right now based on where we are in the 35% to 45%, would seem to be a reasonable dividend payout ratio for us.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I want to ask a question on expenses. David, good control again if you take the $909 and then you add the two $10 million items. So if were starting it somewhere in the 90-ish type of range, which is, I think around the zone that you had kind of spoken to as possible in the past. Can you just give us an understanding of just seasonality and just and growth from here? How well can you kind of control, given the points you made earlier about the branch plan and other initiatives? Can you keep them pretty tight from here?
David Turner: Yes, Ken, its a great question, and you did the math exactly right. So youre  take that $899 and back out the settlement fees, you get closer to another items you mentioned, you get about where our run rate is. Clearly, we are intently focused on managing our expense base. Grayson mentioned revenue is challenged. Erika brought up revenue being challenged. We get that. Were not counting on rates to bail us out. And as a result, we are focused on everything expense-related from people, process, technology. And right now, we think that that run right that you mentioned is fairly accurate for us for the remainder of this year.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And to your point about adjusting to revenues, last year you had talked about the 300 program, you up that to 400, but you kind of rolled out the timeline of that two. Are there things within the program that you could bring forward if you needed to? So I know youre focused on it. But how much of that is  how much optionality is there around timing of those expected saves that you have for  over the time?
David Turner: Yes, as you know, about 60%  a little over 60% of our  or right at 60% of o our total expenses is compensation-related. So if youre going to move the meter on expenses, youre going to move it based on that. And so being able to  we have natural attrition as every company does, takes care of a piece of that, trying to change processes up quicker than we otherwise would have done to the piece of that not having to backfill people that attrit is important. As John mentioned, the branch consolidation, so weve put 22 on the Board and maybe we dont consolidate quite at the pace that we have done in the recent history. We continue to look at our retail footprint in terms of consolidations and additions. So for us managing expenses all about optimizing everything that we do and we have a pretty high sense of urgency to get that done. So were going to look to bring forward as much as we can. Again, our goal is focusing on getting our return by the end of 2018 in that range of 112% to 14% and expense management is a critical piece of that.
Ken Usdin: Es, understood Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. On the efficiency ratio and operating leverage, I know you gave the 2017 expectation of 62% and 2% to 4%. Im wondering, where do you think that could go for 2018 just given the progress youve made on the expense front? I mean, do you think you can get to a 60% level or anything like that in 2018 without the help of rates? And were  or conversely how about with the help of rate? Just curious where you think you you could go?
Grayson Hall: Yes, I think thats kind of where Erika was going with her question too, And clearly, rates matter to the extent that we dont get increases that we had anticipated that puts a lot more pressure on it  on us being able to get there. But as were talking through all these questions, if the revenue is not there, then its going to cause us to have to put even more pressure on our expense base, because we have certain goals that we want to meet and makes it more challenging, makes it more difficult. I cant say an absolute right now for 2018. Were in the middle of our strategic planning process, and of course, roll out a new budget towards the end of the year, well give you better guidance into 2018. But were committed to doing best we can to get  ultimately, we believe to be in the 60%, even over time, we think below that.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Thanks, David. And then on the credit side, quick one there. The  I know you bled the reserve about 7 basis points or so this quarter to about 1.26, I believe, in terms of ratio to loan. Curious where you think that to go? Could it go a little lower, I believe, the industry is maybe a little bit below that, but just want to get your thought?
Barb Godin: John, its Barb Godin. Yes, we moved it from 1.3% last quarter to 1.30% this quarter. We are looking at the reserve, as you know, every quarter. And so there is always opportunity for downward movement. A lot of that is dependent on continued improvement as weve seen so far in all of our credit metrics and in particular in our energy portfolio.
Grayson Hall: Well, and the composition of the portfolio. All that drives it as we derisk the composition of our portfolio and derisk individual credits within the  the allowance was done what it ought to do, its rationalized to that inherent risk of the portfolio, and we think we continue to see opportunities to improve that.
John Pancari: Okay, thanks. One more, I know you said the beta right now on the deposit side is 10% ballpark. What are your assumptions assumed about where that could go over the next one or two like?
David Turner: Yes. So Ill give you some parameters. So we dont really factor in data for the next quarter. But kind of over the next 12 months, our beta assumptions really havent changed. They started 40%, end up at 60% at the terminal pass-through. I think a good guide that you might want to have everybody could use is for every 5 data points, its about $8 million for us. So as we get a hike, that could be anywhere from $50 million to $60 million of NII just depending on what happens from a beta standpoint. We do think that the pace of change or pace of rate increases is helpful to keep beta down. But we also are realistic in knowing at some point, were going to have to pass-through some of the increase at a faster pace than we have today, which is only 10%. So we think were probably a little conservative in terms of our longer-term beta assumption, especially for the next increase or two.
Grayson Hall: Well, I mean, the other side of it is, were coming from a relatively low position. And thus far, our industry, our competition has been pretty rational on deposit pricing. But with modest loan growth, there were seeing modest economic growth. Then you should anticipate modest betas until a point in time that competition for deposits increases.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Moss of FBR.
Steve Moss: Good morning. In terms of the loan growth here, it sounds like its turning the corner a bit. I was wondering, is this result of pricing or has runoff is getting closer to the bottom here?
Grayson Hall: If you look at the economic recovery, fixed business investment has been really modest throughout the recovery. And were  thats a combination of confidence and courage and uncertainty. And  but we saw really good production numbers, particularly in the commercial middle market space last  this past quarter. And while we still arent certain that were turning the corner there. We are seeing some encouraging signs and Ill ask John Turner who runs that business for us to make a few comments, to give you a little bit more detail around it.
John Turner: I think that we are in a better place to begin experiencing the loan growth. I think the derisking activities that weve undertaken certainly are beginning to slow a bit. We saw good growth in a couple of different industry sectors. Our pipelines remain stable. When I look at our loss business reporting, we had still about $2.5 billion in opportunities over the last six months that we lost these because of our dissatisfaction with pricing or some sort of structural element, some other structural element, as I said with credit, another $700 million or so related to internal limits that we impose on ourselves to ensure that we have good balance and diversity within our loan portfolio. So when you think about production being up over 50% quarter-over-quarter, and yet we still have some opportunity in our pipeline through continued  just good execution. I think, as portfolio mitigation strategies begin to play out and we dont have the kind of run-off that we have been experiencing, and assuming that we can turn the tide and run off an owner-occupied real estate. I think well  we will begin to see some growth particularly as business investment activity, as Grayson suggests, picks up. Our pipelines are pretty stable, economies are still growing slowly in the markets, where we operate. But there are some signs of businesses gaining some confidence, or at least just running out of patience so to speak in deciding theyre going to take some risk that they havent been willing to take so far.
Steve Moss: Got you. And then on the derisking subjects here, wondering whats the prospect of moving your 9.5% target down towards 9% or lower, given your balance sheet profile ahead of next years CCAR?
David Turner: Yes, thats a great question. And Im glad you brought it up, because thats not a static number. The 9.5%, we evaluate that all the time. We look at our risk profile. We think through the derisking that weve done. That 9.5% could go both ways. I mean, if we put more risk on the balance sheet, because we decide do something else, well hold appropriate capital for it. But if we derisk continue to derisk the 9.5% goes lower than that, and I think its incumbent upon us. Weve espoused 9.5% and weve kind of left it alone at that, because were at 11.3. Now let us get the 9%, as we start approaching 9.5%, well give you a better indication as to what  tighten that up a little bit. But itll be over time for us get to that number.
Steve Moss: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Geoffrey.
Geoffrey Elliott: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Its another one on capital. If I look at the DFAST release that was about a 70 basis point GAAP between your common equity Tier 1 and your Tier 1 under stress. But if we look at CCAR that increases to about a 140 basis points with the capital actions. So that seems to suggest that theres about 70 basis points of preferred issuance baked into that. Just wanted to check that math was correct?
David Turner: You did really good math, thats about where well be we need right at $700 million of preferred over time to bolster our Tier 1, which were solving through common equity. So, our capital regime is really about getting the capital down to the appropriate level, but optimizing this fact as well. So we want to solve the common equity Tier 1 with common equity obviously non-common needs to be a component of that, its cheaper than our cost of common today and youve nailed it.
Geoffrey Elliott: And then, I get clearly that preferred is cheaper than common. But why issue any preferred at all when those capital actions post stress youre still at 7.4% thats still a long way ahead of the, I think, its a 6% minimum per preferred of the total Tier 1 under stress and CCAR why issue any preferred at all?
David Turner: Well, we wont. And we will  were going to wait as long as we can, because we dont want to have the negative carry. And well do that in conjunction with the whole optimization and rightsizing. So timing is critically important to us and weve got that timing down path.
Geoffrey Elliott: And then just lastly, are you committed to assuring that now, now thats gone into the CCAR ask? And barring any resubmission or anything like that, so you kind of balance to issue non-preferred?
David Turner: To the extent that we have  so our commitment is to have an appropriate amount of capital common equity Tier 1, as well as Tier 1. And if were solving Tier 1 with common equity, I dont think theres regulatory supervisor that hears that you solve that with that type of capital instrument. So we dont have to issue of non-common instrument, preferred instrument unless were taking our common out as well at the same time. So were not forced to have negative periods, where I think were going.
Geoffrey Elliott: Great. Thank you very much.
David Turner: Okay.
Operator: Im sorry, go ahead with your concluding remarks.
Grayson Hall: Well, thats being our last question, we really appreciate everyones time. We thank you for your attendance today. I appreciate your interest in Regions Financial, and look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dana Nolan - Investor Relations Grayson Hall - Chief Executive Officer  David Turner - Chief Financial Officer John Turner - Senior Executive Vice President, Head of Corporate Banking Group Barbara Godin - Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer of the Company and Regions Bank John Owen - Head of Regional Banking Group
Analysts: Ken Usdin - Jefferies Peter Winter - Wedbush Securities Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs Steve Marsh - FBR John Pancari - Evercore ISI Saul Martinez - UBS John McDonald - Bernstein Michael Rose - Raymond James Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Gerard Cassidy - RBC Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants online have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Ms. Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Regions' first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Participating on the call are Grayson Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and David Turner, Chief Financial Officer. Other members of senior management are also present and available to answer questions. A copy of the slide presentation referenced throughout this call, as well as our earnings release and earnings supplement are available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Id also like to caution you that we will make forward-looking statements during today's call that are subject to risk and uncertainties and we will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from expectations, as well as GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are detailed in our SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, Dana and good morning. Thank you for joining our call today. I will review highlights of our first quarter year-over-year financial performance and then David will take you through the details compared to the prior quarter. Let me begin by saying we are pleased with our first quarter results, which highlight our continued focus on effectively managing expenses and strengthening of our asset sensitive balance sheet. For the quarter, we reported earnings available to common shareholders from continuing operations of $278 million, an 8% increase over the first quarter of the prior year. Earnings per share were $0.23, representing a 15% increase over the prior year. Importantly, by expanding our customer base, we continue to deliver results in areas we believe are fundamental to future income growth as evidenced by growth in checking accounts, households, credit cards, and wealth management relationships. Taxable equivalent net interest income and other financing income was stable year-over-year, as interest rate increases offset the impact of lower average loan balances, and the resulting net interest margin was 3.25%, an increase of 6 basis points. Non-interest expenses remained well controlled, up less than 1% year-over-year as our efficiency efforts helped mitigate core expense inflation and the impact of investments in new initiatives. As it relates to loan growth, we are encouraged by conversations with our customers. Moreover, consumer and small-business sentiment continues to improve. In addition, customers particularly in the middle market segment are beginning to plan for future capital expenditures. However, this optimism is yet to translate into the conference needed to take on additional debt today. For now, customers appear to be in more of a wait and see mode. In the near-term, our asset sensitive balance sheet positions us to grow net interest income even in the absence of loan growth aided in part by the strength of our deposit franchise. We will continue to work closely with our clients to meet their financial needs, while also maintaining a disciplined focus on expense management and appropriate risk-adjusted returns. Year-over-year, average loans decreased $1.3 billion as growth in consumer lending portfolio was more than offset by declines in the business lending portfolio. The overall health of the consumer remained strong as we experienced solid demand and steady loan growth in almost all consumer loan categories. Average consumer loans grew by $719 million or 2% from the first quarter of the prior year. Average business lending balances declined $2.1 billion or 4% driven by continued focus on achieving appropriate risk adjusted returns, the de-risking of certain portfolios and asset classes, and an ongoing softness in demand for middle market commercial and small business loan. We are optimistic that loan growth will improve as the year progresses, but remain committed to prudently growing loans without compromising our risk or return requirements. With respect to asset quality, we continue to characterize overall credit quality is stable. Our energy portfolio is performing as expected, and there are no emerging concerns. However, given the current phase of the credit cycle, volatility and certain credit metrics can be expected, especially as it relates to large dollar commercial credits. Turning to capital deployment, we remain committed to managing capital towards our long-term targets. That includes effectively deploying our capital through organic growth and strategic investments to increase revenue or reduce ongoing expenses, while also returning an appropriate amount of capital to our shareholders. Over the course of several years, weve developed a robust capital planning process to ensure we have sufficient capital levels to withstand a variety of stress scenarios. We continue to focus on effective capital deployment and have submitted our CCAR plan in line with this initiative. We look forward to discussing the details of that plan with you next quarter. Our commitment to superior customer service also remains a top priority. And we are pleased that Regions was recently recognized as the highest rated bank in the US in customer experience by the Temkin Group. Moreover, Regions was the fourth highest rated company across all industries. Our teams remain focused on providing outstanding service as well as solid financial advice, guidance, and education to help our customers reach their financial goals. In summary, our first-quarter performance reflects a solid start to 2017, and we look forward to building on this foundation for the remainder of the year. With that, Ill turn it over to David to cover the details of the first quarter. David?
David Turner: Thank you Grayson and good morning everyone. Let's get started with the balance sheet and a look at average loans. In the first quarter, average loan balances totaled $80.2 billion, down $411 million from the previous quarter. Average balances in the consumer lending portfolio decreased $215 million driven by the company's decision to exit a third-party arrangement within the indirect vehicle portfolio, as well as a sale of affordable housing residential mortgage loans at the end of 2016. Excluding these items, average consumer loans would have increased approximately $140 million in the first quarter.  Average third-party indirect-vehicle balances declined $186 billion or 9% during the quarter, and we expect this portfolio to decline between $500 million and $600 million on average during 2017. Excluding the third-party indirect-vehicle portfolio, average indirect vehicle balances increased $33 million. Average mortgage balances decreased $16 million during the quarter. However, excluding the impact of the fourth quarter affordable housing residential mortgage loan sale of $171 million, average balances increased approximately 1%. We expect mortgage production to hold up relatively well despite the rising rate environment. This is due in part to Regions mortgage production mix being more heavily weighted to purchase at approximately 70%. In addition, we recently enhanced our capabilities within our online home loan direct mortgage channel, and although it is a relatively small portion of total mortgage production today, we are encouraged by the recent results, which were up 41% year-over-year. Average home equity balances decreased $105 million as customers continue to pay off equity line of credit balances faster than new production. Average home equity lines of credit decreased $184 million, while average home equity loans increased $79 million, and we continued to experience success with our other indirect lending portfolio, which includes point-of-sale initiatives. This portfolio increased $48 million or 5% linked quarter. Average balances in our consumer credit card portfolio increased $20 million or 2%. Penetration into our existing deposit customer base increased to 18.6%, an improvement of 20 basis points compared to the prior quarter and 110 basis points year-over-year. Now turning to business lending, average balances decreased $196 million as declines in owner occupied commercial real estate and investor real estate were partially offset by growth in commercial and industrial loans. As Grayson mentioned, customer optimism has yet to translate into balance sheet growth. The linked quarter decline in average balances was primarily due to our continued focus on achieving appropriate balance and diversity, while also improving risk-adjusted returns. The company experience modest growth in average commercial industrial loans led by growth in government and institutional banking and increased utilization within real estate investment trust. However, we continue to reduce exposure due to concerns about increased risk in certain industries and asset classes. Average direct energy loans decreased $93 million or 4% during the quarter and ended the quarter at 2.5% of total loans outstanding. In addition, average multi-family loans decreased $147 million or 8%, compared to the fourth quarter. Further, softness in demand and competition from middle market and small business loans continues to impact loan productions. While headwinds to growth remain, we are experiencing success through improved overall returns, and the company continues to expect business lending growth in 2017, driven in part by growth in technology and defense, healthcare, power and utilities, and asset-based lending portfolios. Let's take a look at deposits. Total average deposits decreased $530 million from the previous quarter and average low-cost deposits decreased $173 million. Total average deposits in the consumer segment increased $605 million or 1% in the quarter. This growth reflects the unique strength of our retail franchise and overall health of the consumer. Average corporate segment deposits decreased $565 million or 2% during the quarter, impacted by seasonal declines. Average deposits in the wealth management segment declined $204 million or 2% during the quarter, as a result of ongoing strategic reductions of collateralized deposits. Certain institutional and corporate trust customer deposits, which require collateralization by securities, continue to shift out on deposits and into other fee income producing customer investments. Average deposits in the other segment decreased $366 million or 9%, driven by the strategic decision to reduce approximately $500 million of higher cost retail brokered sweep deposits that were no longer a necessary component of our current funding strategy.  Deposit costs remain at historically low levels at 14 basis points and total funding cost remained low totaling 32 basis points in the quarter. It is important to point out that our deposit base is more heavily weighted towards retail customers. Approximately 74% of average interest-bearing deposits and 52% of average interest-free deposits are considered retail. In addition, we have a loyal customer base as more than 40% of our consumer low-cost deposits have been deposit customers at regions for more than 10 years. And finally, approximately 50% of our deposits come from MSAs with less than 1 million people and approximately 35% from MSAs with less than 500,000 people, both are in the top quartile versus our peer group. For these reasons, we believe that our deposit base is a key component of our franchise value and will serve as a competitive advantage in a rising rate environment. So lets see how this impacted our results. Net interest income and other financing income on a fully taxable basis was $881 million in the first quarter, an increase of $7 million or 1% from the fourth quarter. The resulting net interest margin was 3.25%, an increase of nine basis points. Both net interest margin, and net interest income and other financing income benefited from several factors during the quarter, including higher interest rates, and lower premium amortization on investment securities, partially offset by lower average loan balances, and modestly higher deposit cost. The modest increase in deposit cost is primarily attributable to index deposits, which make up approximately 6% of interest-bearing deposits. In addition, too fewer days in the quarter negatively impacted net interest income and other financing income by approximately $10 million, but benefited net interest margin by approximately 2 basis points. Premium amortization on mortgage related securities declined to $38 million from $43 million during the quarter. If interest rates remain at current levels or rise further, we would expect to benefit from additional declines ultimately achieving a quarterly amortization run rate in the low-to-mid $30 million range in 2017. Looking forward to second quarter, we expect net interest margin to expand by an additional 3 basis points to 5 basis points in spite of the negative impact from one additional day. Non-interest income decreased $12 million or 2% in the quarter, primarily due to $5 million gain associated with the sale of affordable housing mortgage loans and $5 million gain from the sale of securities recorded in the prior quarter that did not repeat. Adjusted non-interest income decreased $2 million in the quarter. Wealth management income increased $6 million or 6%, primarily due to seasonal increases in both insurance and investment services income. Card and ATM fees increased $1 million or 1% due to an increase in interchange income. Checking account growth helped to offset seasonally weaker service charges, which declined $5 million or 3%. Mortgage income decreased $2 million or 5%, driven by lower production related to seasonality and rising interest rates. Consistent with our strategy to further increase the mortgage servicing portfolio, during the quarter the company reached an agreement to purchase the rights to service approximately $2.9 billion of mortgage loans with an expected close date of April 30. Including this transaction, the company will have purchased the rights to service more than $15 billion of mortgage loans over the past four years. Increased revenue from mortgage servicing is expected to help offset the impact of lower mortgage production. Capital markets income increased $1 million or 3% during the quarter as increased revenues associated with debt underwriting and loan syndications were partially offset by lower merger and acquisition advisory services. Looking forward, we expect capital markets revenue to improved throughout the remainder of the year and expect first quarters adjusted non-interest income to represent the low point for the year. Lets move on to expenses. Total non-interest expenses decreased 2% during the quarter. On an adjusted basis, expenses totaled $872 million, $5 million less than the prior quarter, reflecting our continued commitment to disciplined expense management. Total salaries and benefits increased $6 million. Seasonal increases and payroll taxes were partially offset by declines in production-based incentives, while staffing levels remained relatively unchanged. Professional and legal expenses decreased $4 million during the quarter, primarily due to lower litigation related cost. Net occupancy expense decreased $4 million as the fourth quarter included elevated charges related to flood damaged branches, while the first quarter included insurance recoveries related to branch damages in prior periods. Other real estate expenses included within our other non-interest expense category also decreased $4 million during the quarter. Looking at second quarter, salaries and benefits are expected to increase as a result of merit and the issuance of long term incentive awards. In addition, increases in certain non-interest income categories will drive related increases in production-based incentives. However, our outlook for adjusted non-interest expenses for 2017 is unchanged as we continue to expect a year-over-year increase between 0% and 1%. The first quarter adjusted efficiency ratio improved 50 basis points to 62.7%, and the effective tax rate improved 80 basis points to 30.4%. Lets take look at asset quality. Net charge-offs totaled $100 million in the first quarter, an increase of $17 million and represented 51 basis points of average loans. The current quarter included the impact of three large dollar commercial credit charge-offs totaling approximately $39 million. However, much of these large dollar commercial credits were already included in our reserve estimates. This combined with improvement in other credits meant that the provision for loan losses was $30 million less than net charge-offs and our allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans decreased 3 basis points to 1.33%. The allowance for loan and lease losses associated with the direct energy portfolio decreased to 6.1% in the quarter, compared to 7% in the fourth quarter as our exposure to direct energy continued to decline, and the overall portfolio continues to stabilize. Total non-accrual loans, excluding loans held for sale increased $9 million or 2 basis points to 1.26% of loans outstanding, driven by increases in non-energy commercial loans. Total business services criticized loans decreased 2% and total delinquencies decreased 16%. The improvement in criticized loans was primarily due to the declines in energy and energy-related credits. The decline in total delinquencies was driven by improvement in consumer loan categories. Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total non-accrual loans or [indiscernible] coverage ratio was 106% at quarter end. Excluding energy, the coverage ratio decreased from 138% to 135% in the first quarter. Total direct energy charge-offs, including the large commercial credit charge-off were $13 million this quarter. Given current market conditions, our expectation for additional energy related losses during the remainder of 2017 remains unchanged at $27 million or less. Regarding overall asset quality, we continue to view core credit metrics as stable. And although we experienced elevated charge offs during the quarter, associated with the larger dollar commercial credits, our expectations for full-year charge-offs of 35 basis points to 50 basis points remains unchanged. Lets move on to capital liquidity. During the quarter, we repurchased $150 million or 10.2 million shares of common stock and declared $78 million of dividends to common shareholders resulting in 80% of earnings returned to shareholders. At the same time, our capital ratios remain robust. Under Basel III, the Tier 1 capital ratio was estimated at 12.1% and the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 11.3%. Now on a fully phased-in basis, the Common Equity Tier 1 was estimated at 11.2%. And we were also fully compliant with the liquidity coverage ratio as of quarter-end. Finally, our liquidity position remains solid with a historically low loan and deposit ratio of 80%. So in terms of our expectations for the remainder of 2017, with respect to loan growth, several risk management decisions impacted our first quarter average balances, including declines in energy, multi-family, and third-party indirect vehicle portfolios, as well as a strategic affordable housing mortgage loan sale in the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding these decisions, we would have reported average loan growth of approximately $200 million for the quarter. So looking ahead, we expect to modestly grow average loans on a sequential linked-quarter basis throughout the rest of 2017, and on an ending basis we expect to grow loans approximately 2% for the remainder of the year. Excluding the impact of our third-party indirect vehicle portfolio, we now expect full-year average loans to be approximately flat with the prior year. Regarding deposits, we now expect full-year average balances to be relatively stable with the prior year as continued consumer deposit growth is expected to offset the strategic reduction of certain collateralized and broker deposits. In spite of the revision to average loan growth, the improvement in market interest rates allows us to revise expectations for net interest income and other financing income growth upwards to 3% to 5%. Regarding non-interest income growth, due to a weaker start to 2017, we are revising downward our expectation for adjusted non-interest income growth to 1% to 3%. Total adjusted non-interest expenses in 2017 are still expected to increase between 0% and 1% and we remain committed to achieving a full-year adjusted efficiency ratio of approximately 62% with positive adjusted operating leverage in the 2% to 4% range. Additionally, we expect to continue to expect a full-year effective tax rate in the 30% to 32% range and expectations for full-year net charge-offs remain in the 35 basis point to 50 basis point range. So in summary, while there are several puts and takes this quarter, it is important to point out that our total revenue growth expenses efficiency and operating leverage expectations remain essentially unchanged despite lower balance sheet growth assumptions as we continue to focus on profitability and returns. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning, and Ill turn it back over to Dana for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, David. [Operator Instructions] We will now open the line for your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Ken Usdin: Thanks, good morning. Hi David, I was just wondering when you talk about your NIM expectations for the second quarter, can you talk a little bit about the betas that you are expecting underneath that and the impact from premium am that youd expect to kind of hope as that lags forward as well?
David Turner: Sure. We believe that we are going to continue to have some benefit from premium amortization coming in a little lower. We were down about $5 million this quarter and expect that to continue to drift down until we get to that $30 million range where we think it stabilizes. As we think about NIM expectations and betas, we have baked in or beginning beta at about 40%, so there is a little upside opportunity. Our beta thus far has been less than 10% in both and vast majority of that was driven by the index deposits that we talked about, about 6% of interest-bearing deposit. So, if our beta comes in, a little better than we forecast, maybe we can outperform, we do have kind of baked in, so the remainder of the year about hike and half baked in for this year with that 40% beta in our guidance that we have just given you. So, if we get rate increases quicker, if we get a steepening in the yield curve, those would benefit us above the guidance that we have given you.
Ken Usdin: Okay, great. And then just as a follow-up to that, so given that you have been in part purposely reducing some of the auto loans and you still haven't seen this year re-loan run-off, how much of keeping a low beta is just the fact that loan growth is somewhat purposely quiet for you guys, and so just in terms of that push and pull between behavioral out there versus your need for excess deposits given that the balance sheets remain pretty stable?
David Turner: We've had historically one of the lowest loan deposit ratios and it really speaks to our ability to attract low-cost deposit, our retail franchise, and the stickiness of our deposit base. What we have done is, we clearly want all the good low-cost deposits we can get. We would like to have a more robust demand for loan growth, but we're not going to force it, were going to take what the market is going to give us, and we have made some strategic choices in terms of where we want to grow loans and we have looked at different categories that I have mentioned and Grayson has mentioned to be very careful. So, we clearly have the funding to the extent that the economy fixes up in the second half of the year, which we hope and expect, but we have good core funding that can take advantage of those opportunities, and we think we will keep our deposit beta down partly because of loan deposit ratio, partly because of our [indiscernible] deposit make up in the less sensitivity of our deposit franchise to price increases, which is why we think we can have expanding margin continuing.
Grayson Hall: Well weve had very stable loan deposits even though behind the scenes weve really been changing the composition of our deposit base quite materially. Every quarter, the composition of our deposit base has gotten more favorable. And to David's point, weve made a lot of tactical and several strategic decisions about how we build that composition of deposits, and so I think it puts us in a very unique position as we go forward. To David's point, we don't have the loan demand we would love to have today that does take an awful lot of pressure off of deposit pricing, so we could be more thoughtful and disciplined in that regard, but really the composition of our deposit base is probably the most compelling argument for how we will perform.
Ken Usdin: Understood, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: Hi, good morning.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Peter Winter: I was just wondering on the fee income, if I look at fee income, last year it was very strong and Im just wondering, can you talk about some of the puts and takes of the weaker guidance this year?
David Turner: Yes, thanks Peter. So from an NIR standpoint, we have made a lot of investments over the years. Last year, a lot of those were coming to fruition from the investments we made the year before, so the growth rate was necessarily going to be higher last year and even our guidance in the beginning of the year was lower because of that phenomenon. Clearly, some of the businesses that weve gotten into have more volatility than other streams and we are okay with that because we are seeking the diversification, thats important to us and we are also seeking to have those products and services that fulfill the need of a customer. In this particular quarter, our capital markets showed a little bit of volatility to the downside, in particular on our M&A advisory service, which we believe will grow from here, it just takes time, the pipeline to get emptied out. It takes time to rebuild those. So, we feel comfortable with that. I would say in the fixed income space, March was a much better month than January and February was. There was more activity there and so we expect that to continue to grow.  We are really proud of our folks in mortgage, obviously the first quarter is seasonally low, but done a great job because of being a purchase shop there, and a strength of roughly $8 billion of mortgage servicing we bought last year coming through. They just do a great job in low-cost servicing and we're proud of that growth. So that checking account growth and customer growth have really helped us to bolster NIR. So, we did revise guidance down, but feel very good about where we are and we think it will pick up. We guided that this was the low watermark for the year.
Peter Winter: Okay, and just a quick follow-up. On the 10-year treasury, in the expectation page, you are showing the 10-year treasury at 2.48, 10-year treasury right now is lower, if it continues to move lower, would that put pressure on the net interest income to come in more towards the lower end of your range?
David Turner: Clearly, if you stayed here or kept going lower, you would ultimately have some pressure in terms of prepayments coming in and premium amortization not declining at the pace that Ive mentioned. We think we are well-positioned, we have about 40% of our sensitivity on the backhand. We believe we are well positioned in particular as the Fed's balance sheet comes under scrutiny towards the end of the year, and we just think there is going to be ultimately upward pressure, but we still think our guidance is, we had enough confidence to give an increase in the guidance that we just shared with you.
Peter Winter: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Grayson Hall: Good morning Marty.
Marty Mosby: Good morning. Got more of a long-term strategic kind of question, on Slide 10 you look about your capital liquidity kind of ratios, you are more than fully compliant with any regulatory requirement that you have, capital ratios continue to ebb up, and your loan to deposit ratio continues to go down, is there a chance in the future strategically to address these accesses that are on your balance sheet that need to be deployed to get your returns higher?
David Turner: Marty, this is a great question. I will start with capital and come back to liquidity. From a capital standpoint, we clearly have given the Street, our guidance that we believe our common equity Tier 1 ratio target of 9.5% is right for us based on the risk in our balance sheet today. We know to get it to 9.5%, you have to get it deployed appropriately. We seek to do that through organic loan growth properly priced with the proper returns on it. We then deploy that capital into bolt-on acquisitions and you have seen a number of acquisitions over the years, including the mortgage servicing right deal that we did last year, a series of deals and the one we are going to close at the end of this month. And we also want to have an appropriate dividend to pay to our shareholders. And then outside of that to the extent we continue to [indiscernible] capital we are going to work our capital ratios down returning it to our shareholders. Last year we returned to 105% of our earnings to our shareholders. We can't tell you what our CCAR request is this year, but given what I just said, one would expect a fairly robust return to our shareholders this year and that over time is important to us to get towards to that 9.5% because we still are expecting to have a return on tangible common in 2018 between 12% and 14%. In order to do that, we have to get the denominator down to that approaching 9.5%. So thats capital. From a loan and deposit standpoint, we would like to have a loan deposit ratio perhaps in that low [indiscernible] range will be a sweet spot. And we're working hard to grow loans, but we are going to force it as I mentioned earlier. We are going to grow loans, when we have the opportunity to do that and calling efforts are ongoing and also on the deposit side weve looked at certain deposits that either were punitive and LCR or they werent providing liquidity such as collateralized deposit where we might not have had a full relationship and we are letting those deposits go. So thats why if you just look at the deposit growth you would see it declining in part. Those are strategic choices that we are making to [indiscernible] those deposits that really don't benefit provide much benefit to us.
Marty Mosby: My worry is that in what we are seeing is growing market mortgage servicing which is low return business, when you are just looking at allocating to it, capital, when you have capital there and you put it on it generates better returns because you are just utilizing excess capital, you are also, over the last two credit cycles, the large dollar corporate is what kind of jumped out and we're seeing that again this quarter and when you think about organically in your markets given the appropriate pricing and credit underwriting you have there is a real catch between being able to organically build or fill these buckets and really being able to eventually get a lot of this trapped capital and then utilize some of those liquidity and pushing that back to the shareholders. So, I know it is a struggle, but some of these decisions that are being forced upon you because of the situation you are in are causing some of these events or things or decisions to be made that may be affecting things differently down the road.
David Turner: Well they are Marty, again, we know it is harder today in a competitive environment to grow the kind of loans that we want to grow, but this is when it requires discipline and we're going to say disciplined regards to capital allocation to organic growth. And as I mentioned, some of the choices we have made outside of those, we actually are growing. So we are seeing opportunities to put the capital to work and frankly, we don't have the qualitative aspects of CCAR and we don't have much capital we need to have to run our business, so we do have an avenue to deal with that access common equity more specifically in returning it to shareholders that we didn't have before. So, in time we can get the capital base to the right level.
Grayson Hall: Marty, this is Grayson. I mean to David's point, we have got to take the market for what it is and take advantage where opportunities present themselves, but the operating environment has got some challenges, this has also got tremendous upside if some things go the way we owe. That being said, weve been very rigorous and very disciplined about how we are managing our balance sheet. We think we have made tremendous progress on both loans and deposits in terms of how we have built our balance sheet over the last several quarters. We are trying to take advantage of what the market will give us, but not to force it, and we do think that in this sort of slow growth low rate environment that we have to be thoughtful about it. That being said, we are seeing a lot of optimism on the part of our business customers, its encouraging, but it has not yet resulted in the kind of demand for bank credit that we would like to see. That being said, tremendous amount of liquidity in the market and we have seen a lot of our customers access public debt markets, and so we do think over time that bank credit demand become stronger. I will ask John Turner to speak to that for just a moment to give you a better perspective of what we are seeing in customers and markets.
John Turner: Thanks Grayson. As we talked about before, our customers are clearly more optimistic, I would say not confident, they are cautious. We are seeing a little improvement in our pipeline, I would say our pipelines are growing a bit. They are okay relative to where we would like them to be. When we look back on and we talk about choices weve made and the impact that that has had on us, our objective is to create a more predictable, more sustainable, more consistent revenue base and performance, and weve been very focused on de-risking on risk-adjusted returns. So if I look at our lost business or the opportunities that we had to grow, in 2016 we looked at over $44 billion in credit, we've won about $14 billion or roughly a third that means that of the $28 billion that we didn't win over half of that was because we were not satisfied with the pricing or some other structural element. That same momentum or same sort of paradigm has continued into 2017. We have looked at over $10 billion in credit through the first quarter, we have won a little over a third and as a business we didn't win again about 55% of that was a result of pricing or returns or some other structural element. Point being, we could change our risk appetite and grow loans, but we are very committed to creating a culture that is focused on risk adjustment returns and that we will create more predictability, more consistency, and I think thats going to pay off in the long run.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, John.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. Those are tough decisions and I know you are working through them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Jennifer Demba: Thank you. Just curious about, I know you guys have a small commercial real estate portfolio and retail and shopping centers, I just wonder if you could give us some details around that composition as it stands as of now?
Grayson Hall: I will ask Barbara Godin our Chief Credit Officer to respond to that question please.
Barbara Godin: Good morning, Jennifer. Thank you, Grayson. Yes, we currently have roughly $2.6 billion in our commercial real estate retail. Another comment though, just general comment on the retail sector is what we're seeing is in retail where they have very good shopping centers, very well placed, there is hardly any vacancy rate and then in others there is just a kind of vacancy rates where you are not appropriately placed, but we're working that sector very closely, we still feel okay about that sector, the bankruptcies that we have heard about and the issues we have heard about in that area. We have an applied market research group that actually spends a ton of their time looking at retail and retail shopping centers. Those bankruptcies were not unexpected. In general, we weren't involved in any of those. And again, a lot of those chains that closed were because they were poorly placed.
John Turner: Grayson I just might add to that. Jennifer this is John Turner. Of the 2.6 billion exposure, roughly $1.5 billion in outstandings I should say, is in our REIT portfolio where we largely are doing business with a small number of investment grade names. The balance or just about $1 billion is in our income property finance group and that outstanding level has been fairly consistent now for four five quarters. That exposure is fairly widely distributed. The largest, I guess tenant would be grocery anchored and most of it is basic needs kind of anchors. And so while we have a little mall exposure in the REIT book and less in income property finance, lets say generally it is a very diversified portfolio and one we feel pretty good about. On the commercial side, and we also have a nice size retail book that portfolio again is very diverse, our largest asset class is to automotive retailers. So think of companies like [indiscernible] something like that, and largely administered through our asset based lending or Regions business capital platform.
Grayson Hall: Thank you.
Jennifer Demba: Or would you see this area has something you would want to reduce over time or just kind of watching it for a while here?
Barbara Godin: We are watching it again. We have concentration limits on everything. It is nowhere near its concentration limit on these two pieces, so we feel fine of that.
Jennifer Demba: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Hi good afternoon guys. I wanted to follow-up on a question that Marty had asked just regarding delivering the 12% to 14% RTCE, David you talked about you need to get towards the 9.5% CET1, do you think you could, given whats happening with the balance sheet, do you think you can get there organically with loan growth and capital return or do you think we would need to see some strategic activity over the next two years in order to manage their capital base down?
David Turner: Ryan, its a great question. So, we can approach that 9.5%. We can't quite get to 9.5% by 2018, right after that, shortly after that we can, but we will approach it close enough to help us get to that 12% to 14% return and we will do that through primarily focusing on those two things. Organic growth and some bolt-on acquisitions that have been fairly small today. And capital returns to the shareholders.
Ryan Nash: Got it. Grayson if I can ask a bigger picture question, you know the bank has done a lot over the last few years to improve its credibility with the investor community, you guys did a great job delivering last year, when I look at today we are obviously making some changes to the outlook, while NII is better, thats obviously rate driven, so its not necessarily client driven and I take the point that you guys are doing this with the mind on return, so if loans are shrinking fees are coming in lower, was there any thought towards taking another crack at expenses, I know you are cutting 400 million or at least saying given the slightly weaker top line outlook, we are going to hold expenses flat or maybe even flat to up modestly down?
Grayson Hall: I mean, great question. And I would tell you that as we look at the first quarter, first quarter loan demand was softer and we had anticipated it would be couple of quarters ago and so weve had to adjust our thinking to a little bit slower loan growth environment. Weve never really tempered our focus on expense management. Weve stayed dedicated to that throughout this process and continue to do so. We took a very aggressive stands on expenses and have delivered on that. You should expect to continue to see our results on that issue. From a sustainability standpoint, we do have to find where we used to grow long term, but until those opportunities come about then we have to continue to stay focused on being as efficient as possible from an expense standpoint and so you should not see us back down from that at all.
Ryan Nash: Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Marsh of FBR.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Steve Marsh: Good morning. Following up on expenses, I was just wondering here, you had another good quarter with regard to total expenses, does your guidance here not go into the low-end reflect continued investment or other factors in terms of expectations around improved business activity later on the year?
Grayson Hall: I mean we will focus on interest expenses. We do at this point in time anticipate stronger growth opportunities in the second half of the year then we had seen in the first quarter and so, thats just a prudent position we have taken and I think that if that group growth doesn't, occur then obviously we have other decisions to make. David you want to add to that?
David Turner: Yes, I think that we have built into our kind of inflation run rate on expenses in the 2.5% range and so if you take that, if you take the investments we will want to make, need to make and have made relative to diversifying our revenue stream we have to overcome that by having other expense eliminations elsewhere. And so we put our $400 million program together and I think we have done a really good job in there. Our efficiency ratio target is intact of 62% this year, and 18 we will be in that 60% range, and so I don't think that when you deliver to 2% GDP type environment that you can take your eye off the expense ball whatsoever. And we didn't change, kind of went through all the changes and guidance, you also know the things that didn't change, which was our commitment to generating parts of operating leverage in that 2% to 4%. So, everything is in check, but we can always continue to work even harder on expense management and we will, each and every day we work hard on.
Steve Marsh: Okay. And then my second question with regard to the three large credit stake, you experienced charge-offs and what industries where they in?
Barbara Godin: Yes, this is Barbara again. One of them was in healthcare, one was in oilfield services in the energy sector and the third was an educational services, but you will see it show up in our commercial real estate owner occupied because it was secured by the real estate and those three made up to $39 million.
Steve Marsh: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
Grayson Hall: Good morning John.
John Pancari: Good morning. Also on the credit front regarding the trends, I know you indicated the inflows into MPLs in the quarter they were also commercial related, are they similar sectors or are they related to those charge-offs you just flagged, the healthcare and educational services and OFS?
Barbara Godin: They are.
John Pancari: Okay.
Barbara Godin: And again having said that, I would just stay on credit in general though I would want to reemphasize we are very comfortable where we are in our credit numbers, our credit metrics, where credit is going, even those three large credit charge-offs that we had, generally not unexpected, generally they were provided for, it was simply a matter of timing as the resolve themselves in the first quarter and we want to hit and charge them on.
John Pancari: Okay, so despite the fact that MPLs were flat, I mean I hear you that you feel good about it, but I guess what Im worried about is that, I know you didn't change your charge of guidance of 30 bips to 50 bips despite coming into that 50 because of those items this quarter, is the risk to that 30 bips to 50 bips is going higher?
Barbara Godin: No, I don't feel that there is a risk there. Again, I feel fine about it. I think about our non-performing loan portfolio. In total, including our small credits all the way up to our large ones in the business services book. We have 73% of them are paying current and as agreed and 98% of those that are in our CNI and CRE owner occupied area are also paying current and as agreed. So, again I hate to position it as a good quality non-performing book, but we do see a lot of upside opportunities that those can and will return to accruing basis at some point.
John Pancari: Okay, thanks Barb and then separately, on the expense side, I heard what you said about the not re-uping your expense program or anything, but in light of everything going on, what would you call your normalized efficiency ratio once we get a little bit more about way of higher rates and maybe a bit of improvement in loan growth?
David Turner: Yes, it is a great question John. So, what we have said is that we would get to that 60% range in 2018. I do think over time if you can get normalized rates whatever that might mean to everybody that were you having a margin in that 350 range that perhaps you can be in that mid upper 50s over time, I think our industry is going to have to become more efficient, I think we will, I think we will leverage technology better in the future than we do today, but it is going to take some time to get there and so you should see us continue to march down. Lets get to 60 and then we will give you better guidance as to where that might end up post that.
John Pancari: And David one more thing, sorry, with that 60%, how much by the way of hikes does that require?
David Turner: We have baked in 1.5 this year and the 2 the year after that through 2018. Thats what our number is.
John Pancari: And therefore getting to that 60% by the end of 2018?
David Turner: Say that again John.
John Pancari: And therefore getting to that 60% level by the end of 2018?
David Turner: That's right.
John Pancari: All right. Got it. Thanks David.
David Turner: Really for the year of 2018, John.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Saul Martinez of UBS.
Saul Martinez: Hi thanks for taking my questions. Couple more on capital, just to follow-up, first is more of a clarification and sorry if I missed this in response to an earlier question, but David I think you mentioned that you can get to 9.5% CET1 by 2018 or close to it organically, is that correct, is that by year-end 2018, is that for 2018 CCAR cycle, just want to make sure I understood the specific guidance you gave there?
David Turner: So, we said we could approach 9.5% by the end of 2018 through organic growth and capital return to shareholders and some bolt-on acquisitions, not large ones, but some bolt-on non-bank type acquisitions during that same period of time.
Saul Martinez: Okay got it. And then just following up on your acquisition strategy, your thought process I should say on acquisitions and M&A, can you just give us a little bit more color, I think obviously up until now it has been bolt-on acquisitions, its been focused on fee-based businesses, but could that or under what conditions would that change and would you start to think about perhaps more sizable deals and doing bank M&A?
David Turner: Right now we have been for the last several quarters, primarily focused on organic growth and augmenting that with a limited number of, what we would call bolt-on acquisitions. Those acquisitions have largely been in the capital markets group, also and well planned, in particular insurance, and also in our mortgage business. You should expect us to continue to look for those opportunities to make investments, these are not large investments, but they are investments that are accretive to our earnings, and we think they have been good in terms of expanding our product line, leveraging our strengths to serve our customers. And so you just continue to see that occurred. And when it comes to bank acquisitions, we still actively look at opportunities and review those. Quite frankly the economics around those today are particularly challenging given where regional bank stocks trade in relationship to the smaller institutions and sellers if you would. The economics that the market is giving us, they are not particularly compelling, so we have not spent an awful lot of time looking it there. I think at any acquisition we do, it has to be both strategic and economic, and at this point in time we have not seen that as a particularly productive thing for us to be heavily focused on. That being said, we make sure that we are mindful on whats going on in the market. Right now, our focus is on organic growth and on limited bolt-on acquisitions.
Saul Martinez: Okay, is it fair to say that if relative valuations between smaller banks or potential acquires and larger banks were to narrow that on the margin that would make you a bit more have to consider bank M&A?
David Turner: If the relative multiples were to come closer together than the attractiveness of that as an acquisition strategy improves. [Indiscernible].
Saul Martinez: Alright, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald of Bernstein.
Grayson Hall: Hi John.
John McDonald: Hi good morning. Just following up on two other questions, on credit Barb with the reserves ex energy at around 135, do you think there is more room for reserve release this year or do you - you probably going to more match the charge-offs going forward?
Barbara Godin: Well we're back to our [indiscernible] of, we don't predict what the results are going to be, what we do is we have a very disciplined process, 135 is on the higher end, so there could be some room for improvement, but I wouldnt want to enter a guess as to what that might be.
John McDonald: Okay. David regarding the branch reductions what are your thoughts on longer term potential for more branch consolidations post the 150 expected by the end of this year?
David Turner: So, we have got more - limited more branches post crisis than any other bank. We continue to do that like any retail franchise you should expect to have some consolidations and some new investments as we have new branch designs that are going in. We haven't had a lot of new branches go in off late, but we need to bolster our retail network presence in some places and so you should expect us to do both, consolidate, as well as to add, you know, after we get finished with this series we will come back with better guidance, but we don't see any large branch consolidations at this particular time, but continue to challenge ourselves in terms of what the retail network franchise needs to look like.
John McDonald: Okay that's helpful. And then and one just quick follow-up on the net interest margin, near-term David, how relying is the near-term expectation of that 3 basis point to 5 basis point increase for the second quarter, on the 10-year being at a certain level whether it is the 248 or whatever you are assuming?
David Turner: Its not all that meaningful in the near term, I think we can, we have given you, we feel pretty confident in that range, clear for the next quarter.
John McDonald: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rose of Raymond James.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Michael Rose: My questions were actually just asked. So thanks guys, appreciate it.
Grayson Hall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Grayson Hall: Hi, Matt.
Matt Burnell: Good morning, Grayson. Thanks for taking my question. David, good afternoon to you. Just couple of days quickies, one, on the mortgage side of things that held up pretty well year-over-year and I think that has a lot to do with the purchase focus. as well as some of your MSR acquisitions, but a couple of your competitors have suggested that they are reducing the acceptable level of the spreads of new production to hopefully drive some better purchase volume, and Im curious if that is anything that you all have considered, I presume giving your earlier comment, the answer is no, but I am just wondering if you are seeing any evidence of that and if you are doing it yourself?
David Turner: No, we haven't done anything really to go out there and try to spur growth using rates, being historically a purchase shop using our own mortgage loan originators versus third parties had been one of the reasons why we have outperformed historically. If you look at our change in yields on raising mortgage, we were down 1 basis point over the quarter, so we think we can have an appropriate growth. This first quarter production was nice. Clearly gets challenged as rates go up, I think being a purchase shop is really beneficial to us.
Grayson Hall: First quarter is seasonally a soft quarter for us on mortgage originations, but the team did a very good job and rarely outperformed same quarter last year and so weve got fairly strong confidence going into the second quarter on production. About a third of our mortgage originations come from referrals out of our own branches and so to David's point the mortgage originators were all on our team and they are working closely with our branch offices, the strong referral process across the two. We had about 70% purchased 30% refinance in the first quarter. We see those numbers shifting even stronger and the early days of the second quarter, so we think repurchase is going to be very strong in the second quarter.
Matt Burnell: And then David if I could follow-up with a question in the realm of no good deed goes unpunished, weve now had three rate hikes and I guess Im just curious, when do you think you start thinking about potentially reducing your rate sensitivity, just in terms of trying, just to reduce the concern about rates going back down?
David Turner: Yes, that is a constant challenge for us. We think that when the market gives as our kind of returns that we want to have in our business that we would take that sensitivity down. We are not there today. We need to be and continue to be asset sensitive is important to us. So we went up 100s and still in that $150 million range. So we have done some things to protect us on a down rate perspective. We had taken some of the sensitivity off a few quarters ago, by booking some - receive fixed swaps. I think we are in pretty good shape today to let our sensitivity run. In part, it is really the benefit we get from our deposit base. That is so critical to us to keep that in mind as we think about our ability to continue to grow NII and resulting margin is that core sticky customer deposit base is not as price sensitive as others. And I think right now given what we think rate increases were going, there will come a point in time we have to start paying up for deposits. We get delivered, the kind of spread and margin we want and gets our return to where we need to be, and we can take our sensitivity to more of a neutral state at that time.
Matt Burnell: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Grayson Hall: Good afternoon Matt.
Matt O'Connor: Hi guys. I just want to follow-up on the fee revenue side, the last couple of years you have been investing in a number of the businesses, couple acquisitions, modest, but a couple of deals, you know it feels like the outlook for the fees is somewhat tempered, somewhat modest and I know there are still some drag in the service charges, but I guess it was kind of like all in, how are you measuring the investments and the performance of those investments and I guess the real question is, do you want to keep trying to build out the fee businesses when maybe you haven't gotten as much momentum from what you have done so for.
David Turner: Matt it is a great question. I do think thats a challenge for us. Any time we make an acquisition and purchase something to understand what that alternative return is, I will tell you we are ahead of the game on most of our acquisitions that we have had over time. And I think that we do realize there is some volatility. So in the given quarter you cant look at one of these transactions and give up on it. We continue to challenge ourselves, we know some of these arent as efficient and some of the businesses that we have, but they are synergistic. They offer a service or product to our customers and our customers need and will pay for.  So you have to look at the whole relationship profitability and not just cherry pick one product at a time. That being said, we have expectations on capital returns for our businesses and if those businesses can't get the returns that we need to have, the product or the business is not synergistic to our customer base, then we will make different decisions, but right now we feel very good about what weve added over time and frankly we are looking for other opportunities to continue to grow.
Matt O'Connor: And you did mention the mortgage servicing acquisition, but cross the other fees categories, investments, capital markets, insurance any preference there or does depend on whats available and how might it fit with you guys?
David Turner: Well the reason we are doing, the mortgage servicing rights acquisition are for couple of reasons. The primary one is, we're very good at it. We have a group folks that work in South Mississippi that are very talented. They have been doing this for a long time. We didn't get into trouble like others did during the crisis because of their expertise. We also have capacity. We could add about right at $10 billion of servicing in round numbers without changing our fixed cost infrastructure. And so we want to take advantage of that and continue to grow that portfolio. So being a low cost servicer I think is beneficial to us, and one area that we do have the opportunity to grow and get deals presented to us, periodically, some we turn down and some we take. So, I wouldn't put any particular category that we would want to grow in NII, if I had to point one card in ATM fees, card fees in particular through interchange, our credit card growth has been very nice, up about 10% last year. And that is a good product, one of our best products in terms of return because it gives us interchange, it gives us carry, it gives us a hook into our customers, very synergistic with our business model. And so we would like to have more cards and so getting our penetration rate up from 18.6%, thats the penetration into our deposit base. Hitting that up in the mid-20% range is really important to us and teams got that focus and I expect to get there in time.
Grayson Hall: Well I just remind everyone we have been very aggressive on branch rationalization, branch consolidation and at the same time we have been able to accomplish that and still grow accounts, grow households, deliver and get recognized for very good customers, and all of that fosters some real good fundamental execution, own our plans and at the end of the day most of the growth on our balance sheet and on our income statement is going to come from really increasing in number of customers that we have banking with us and making sure we are meeting as many of their needs that they value is possible. And so weve really done a good job even in the face of brand consolidation we have done a good job of growing our business across all of our consumer account segments.
Matt O'Connor: Okay thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Barker of Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Barker: Good morning.
Grayson Hall: Good afternoon rather.
Kevin Barker: Good afternoon. You mentioned that you anticipate stronger growth in the back half of this year, is that primarily due to the small business optimism that you are hearing right now, given the outlook for lower regulation and changes from the administration or is it primarily just because of other factors that are developing or a stronger pipeline?
Grayson Hall: I mean, I think one, when we looked at the second half of the year, we are encouraged by the optimism, but we are not trying to factor that and too much into our forecast and our plans, but when we look at how the first quarter has performed economically across communities we operate in, we think first quarter was somewhat soft and so we do think and believe that the economic metrics we are following and the sentiment of our customers all sort of point to a stronger second half of the year.  Now we are not fully counting all of that. We are trying to make sure that we are taking a very disciplined and thoughtful approach to it, but all of our metrics indications would tend to favor more upside in the second half. 
Kevin Barker: Okay and then just to follow up on some of the comments around capital return, obviously CCAR and stress test are changing significantly this time around, do you expect that you peer group to be a lot more aggressive this year in returning capital or do you think it could be relative muted given last year?
David Turner: Your guess is as good as mine. I cant really comment on what others are going to do. I see what others have written about our peers, but I can tell you from our standpoint what is incumbent upon all of us to ensure we have an appropriate amount of cap for the risk that we have and I think most people have more common equity than they need at this point. The question is how do each of us plan to deploy, we have our plan as we just discuss. So, I think for us it is a robust, should be a robust return and we will discuss that at our next call.
Grayson Hall: Surely not appropriate for us to comment on what others might or might not do.
Kevin Barker: Okay, thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good afternoon Grayson. Maybe you guys can share with us, earlier you had talked about the underwriting and the loan opportunities that you guys see in the small business area and you are missing out on some of the opportunities due to pricing and then the structure of the loans, so can you guys share with us what are some of the structures that you are seeing that really you are not comfortable with whether it is on a real estate loan to value or possible debt service and how do those underwritings tend to compare to maybe a year or ago?
John Turner: Gerard this is John Turner. I would just maybe Barb can help me too, but I would say we are seeing more competitive pricing, we are seeing longer tender, we are seeing higher loan to values with respect to real estate, particularly the owner occupied real estate sector. We are seeing appetite for more leverage than we might be willing to accept. Less guarantee, sometimes no guarantee, where we think a guarantee is appropriate, all those would be factors that are impacting a loan growth in our view. I dont know that it has changed a lot, although I would say since 2015. So over the last five quarters we think there has been less activity and so more competition for the opportunities we see and I would guess that it has - competition has impacted the marketplace for sure.
Barbara Godin: Gerard the only other one I would throw in, a lot of pressure around coming in late structures throughout in the market right now.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay, is it coming from smaller community banks or other regional banks or of some of the big for bank, the universal banks?
Barbara Godin: Yes.
Gerard Cassidy: The competition that is? Everyone.
John Turner: I mean I think it depends on the opportunity and the market, the customer, and how that customer proceeds in a marketplace, it varies, but I would say a competition is competition and we see it from time to time from everybody and somebody would probably say the same thing about us at some level. We certainly want to protect relationships that we have, finding it more difficult to win new business in our existing markets.
Gerard Cassidy: Great and then just to pivot a bit, obviously you guys have done a very good job in reducing the branch count, can you give us some color, I don't know if you have any statistics at your fingertips about the mobile usage, how many of your customers use the mobile channel, what percentage of your deposits might be coming through the mobile channel and things like that?
Grayson Hall: I will ask John Owen, Head of General Banking to respond to that question.
John Owen: When we look at the digital space we could see pretty rapid growth on our mobile usage, we have got about 2.3 million digital users today. That number has been growing double digits over the last couple of years. We'll see that continue. From a deposit standpoint, about 30% of our deposits go through digital channels.
Gerard Cassidy: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Christopher Marinac of FIG Partners.
Christopher Marinac: Thanks for taking my question. Barb can you delve into the CNI trends in terms of credit quality, just saw small changes on the non-accruals as well as the performing TDRs and just wanted to compare that on the non-energy side, I thought that the criticize on energy were up slightly, just curious if there is a trend there or anything you can delve into?
Barbara Godin: Really is in a trend again as I look at what has gone into our issues about non-accrual, this quarter we had credit in transportation warehousing, we had a couple in energy, we had a couple in healthcare, we had one in AG, so no real trends that we are seeing and when I look at each one and read the stories on each one, again there is nothing thats underlying that connects any of them, they were individual circumstances, you know, when one takes, when somebody died we're waiting for the stage to settle as an example. Those kinds are same. So across the board in general for all of the other sectors doing pretty well, remember we thought energy, but what we don't give a lot of detail of it because it is spread everywhere else is those industries that also support energy. So, one of the transportation of warehousing credits I'm looking at that when in this quarter is to support the energy sector as an example. And I can point to a couple of others that have tangential relationships to the energy sector as well. But broad-based again feel good about where our credit numbers are, feel good that we will add up between that 35 to 50 basis points this year. And on the one credit charge of that we take there was one this quarter that was a larger one, but actually the charge of happened on a Saturday, it was April 1, the quarter that ended and we knew the right thing that the right thing to do was to take this quarter instead of moving it into the second quarter and that was a $22 million charge. Again causing us to show more elevated charge-offs and perhaps the other ways [indiscernible] to the quarter, but again it was the right thing to do.
Christopher Marinac: Okay, got it. Thank you for the color and just a quick follow-up, if we take the remaining energy losses out of those sort of guidance range will it be closer to the 35 and if we just excluded energy on a calculation?
Barbara Godin : If you excluded the energy it would be again somewhere between, I'm still going to see 35 to 45 port probably recognizing that our business mix has changed, you know as we recall we talk about some businesses we are doing in our cost consumer book that we weren't doing previously. They were all great businesses they are doing well. If you look at what they are providing us from a revenue perspective they are hitting on their mark, but again they are going to provide some higher losses that are going to come into that 35 to 50 basis point range, but they otherwise didn't in prior periods.
Christopher Marinac: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Hall for closing remarks.
Grayson Hall: Well thank you for your participation. We appreciate the opportunity to tell the Regions story and we will stand adjourned. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dana Nolan - Executive Vice President, Head of Investor Relations Grayson Hall - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Bank David Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President of the Company and the Bank John Turner - Senior Executive Vice President, Head of Corporate Banking Group Barbara Godin - Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer of the Company and Regions Bank
Analysts: Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Michael Rose - Raymond James Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley John Pancari - Evercore ISI John McDonald - Bernstein Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Ken Usdin - Jefferies Rob Hansen - Deutsche Bank Steve Marsh - FBR Saul Martinez - UBS Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's quarterly earnings call. My name is Paula and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants online have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call there will be a question-and-answer Session. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Regions' fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Participating on the call are Grayson Hall, Chief Executive Officer and David Turner, Chief Financial Officer. Other members of senior management are also present and available to answer questions. A copy of the slide presentation referenced throughout this call as well as our earnings release and earnings supplement are available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. I would also like to caution you that we will make forward-looking statements during today's call that are subject to risk and uncertainties and we will also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from expectations as well as GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are detailed in our SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, Dana and good morning. Thank you for joining our call today. I will review highlights of our full year financial performance and David will cover results for the fourth quarter specifically. Let me begin by saying that we are very pleased with 2016 results. We diligently executing our strategic plan and maintained our focus on our business fundamentals. Central to our success has been the continued emphasis on three strategic initiatives, growing and diversifying revenue, practicing disciplined expense management and effectively deploying our capital. Net income available to common shareholders in 2016 was $1.1 billion, a 10% increase of 2015. Earnings per share was $0.87, representing a 16% increase over the prior year. Total taxable equivalent revenue grew 3% and reported non-interest expenses were relatively flat. And like 2015, we laid out financial targets for 2016. Although the operating environment proved somewhat more challenging than anticipated or forecasted, we still met or exceeded most of our performance targets, for example we grew net interest income 3% versus the prior year. We also grew adjusted non-interest income 7%, driven by growth in construction relationships and new product offerings. For example, through newer enhanced products and capabilities, capital markets income increased 46% in 2016 and wealth management income increased 6% Adjusted non-interest expenses increased just under 2%, in line with our target of flat to up modestly. Importantly, we generated positive operating leverage, which is a critical metric as part of our focus to an adjusted basis of 3% and adjusted full year efficiency ratio was 63.3%. Finally, full year net charge-offs totaled 34 basis points. Regarding loan growth, 2016 presented some unique challenges which we tackled head-on and we were intentional and thoughtful in how we managed our portfolio. Average loans were relatively stable in fourth quarter of 2016 as compared to the prior year. Notably, the overall financial health of our consumer portfolio was strong and we saw solid demand and stable loan growth in almost all consumer loan categories. Average consumer loans grew $1.2 billion or 4% from the fourth quarter of prior year. On the other hand, average business lending balances declined 3% from the fourth quarter of prior year. This decline was driven by our continued focus and a thoughtful focus on achieving appropriate risk adjusted returns, the de-risking of certain portfolios and asset classes and the ongoing softness in demand for middle market commercial and small business loans. Looking ahead, we are encouraged by recent increases in market interest rates as well as possible benefits associated with the new administration. We remain focused on improving efficiencies. Our plan to eliminate $400 million a core expenses through 2019 remains firmly intact. This, along with our continued focus on appropriate risk adjusted returns, are fundamental to our long-term success and sustainability of our franchise value. With respect to capital deployment, we remain committed to effectively deploying our capital through organic growth and strategic investments that increase revenue or reduced ongoing expenses, while returning an appropriate amount of capital to shareholders. In the year 2016, we returned $1.2 billion of our earnings to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases, while at the same time maintaining robust and industry leading capital loans. On a separate note, we are pleased that our satisfactory CRA rating has been reinstated. We remain committed to optimizing our branch network and we will optimistically expand and serve in select growth markets. In year 2016 we consolidated 103 branches and announced plans to consolidate another 23 offices. As presently announced, our plan is to consolidate at least 150 branch offices by the end of 2017. In closing, I want to thank our team of 22,000 associates for their hard work and dedication in delivering solid financial results and their continued commitment to superior customer service. We are extremely proud of our accomplishments in 2016 and are well positioned to build on that momentum in 2017. With that, I will turn it over to David to cover the specific details of the fourth quarter. David?
David Turner: Thank you Grayson and good morning everyone. Let's get started with the balance sheet and look at average loans. In the fourth quarter, average loan balances totaled $80.6billion, down 1% from the previous quarter and relatively flat with the fourth quarter of 2015. Consumer lending remains a positive story for us as we experienced another quarter of solid growth. Average balances increased $329 million or 1% over the prior quarter and $1.2 billion or 4% over the prior year. This growth was led by mortgage lending as balances increased $236 million or 2% linked quarter and $732 million or 6% over the same quarter of the prior year. We made the decision to sell $171 million of affordable housing residential mortgage loans to Freddie Mac during the fourth quarter and generated a gain of $5 million. Approximately $91 million of these loans included recourse and will remain in loans held for sale at year-end until the recourse expires later in 2017. Subsequent to the expiration of recourse provisions, it is expected that an additional $5 million gain will be recognized. The economics of the transaction and improved diversification drove the decision to sell. We continued to experience success with our other indirect lending portfolio which includes point of sale initiatives. This portfolio increased $110 million or 14% linked quarter and $366 million or 70% year-over-year. Average balances in our consumer credit card portfolio increased $36 million or 3% over the prior quarter and $115 million or 11% over the fourth quarter of 2015. Penetration into our existing deposit customer base increased to 18.4%, an improvement of 110 basis points year-over-year. Turning to the indirect auto portfolio. Average balances decreased $17 million during the quarter. As previously disclosed, we terminated a third party arrangement during the fourth quarter that historically accounted for approximately one-half of our total indirect vehicle production. As such, we expect the pace of run-off in the portfolio to exceed production generated by our preferred dealer network. Average home equity balances also decreased $64 million as the pace of run-off exceeded production. Now turning to business lending. Average balances decreased $1 billion or 2% during the quarter and $1.4 billion or 3% year-over-year. As Grayson mentioned, the decline in business lending balances was impacted by our continued focus on achieving appropriate balance and diversity while also improving risk-adjusted returns. Importantly, balances reflect decisions and choices that we made during the year. We continued to reduce exposure due to concerns about increasing risk in certain industries and asset classes. Average direct energy loans decreased $491 million or 19% and average multi-family loans decreased $239 million or 12% compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. Further, continued softness in demand and increasing competition for middle market small business loans has also impacted loan production. While there have been headwinds to business lending growth in 2016, we continue to expect low single digit average loan growth in 2017. Areas within business lending expected to contribute to this growth include, technology and defense, healthcare, power and utilities and asset-based lending. We will start with deposits. Total average deposit balances increased $561 million from the previous quarter and $1 billion year-over-year. Average low cost deposits increased $503 million and $1.3 billion over the same respective periods. Deposit costs remain near historically low levels at 13 basis points and total funding costs remain low totaling 30 basis points in the quarter. Total average deposits in the consumer segment were up $452 million or 1% in the quarter and $2.7 billion or 5% year-over-year. This growth reflects the unique strength of our retail franchise, the overall health of the consumer and our ability to grow low-cost deposits. Average corporate segment deposits increased $437 million or 2% during the quarter and $1.2 billion or 4% year-over-year as corporate customers remain focused on liquidity. Average deposits in the wealth management segment decreased $398 million or 4% during the quarter and $2.3 billion or 18% year-over-year. Certain institutional and corporate trust customer deposits which require collateralization by securities continue to shift out of deposits and into other fee income producing customer investments. So let's look at how this impacted our results. Net interest income and other financing income on a fully taxable basis was $874 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of $18 million or 2% from the third quarter. The resulting net interest margin was 3.1, 6%, an increase of 10 basis points. Both net interest margin and net interest income and other financing income benefited from several factors during the quarter, including higher interest rates, lower premium amortization on investment securities, a leveraged lease residual value adjustment incurred in the third quarter that did not repeat and higher security balances. These increases were partially offset by lower loan balances. Net interest margin also benefited from lower average cash balances held at the Federal Reserve. The increase in interest rates during the quarter reduced the amount of premium amortization on mortgage-related securities to $43 million from $49 million and premium amortization is expected to decline further in the first quarter of 2017. Now, if interest rates remain at current levels or continue to rise, we would expect the benefit from marginal declines in premium amortization ultimately achieving the quarterly run rate in the low to mid $30 million range in 2017. Non-interest income decreased 13% in the quarter primarily due to insurance proceeds related to the FHA settlement recognized in the third quarter. Non-interest income increased $8 million or 2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. Adjusted non-interest income decreased 6% in the quarter, but increased 2% year-over-year. Service charges increased 4% in the quarter. However, this growth was more than offset by declines in capital markets, wealth management, mortgage and other non-interest income. Following a record third quarter, capital markets income decreased $11 million or 26% during the quarter, driven primarily by lower merger and acquisition advisory services. Capital markets income increased $3 million or 11% compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 driven by increased debt underwriting activity. Also coming off a record third quarter, wealth management income decreased $4 million or 4% as lower insurance and investment services income were only partially offset by higher investment management trust fees. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, wealth management income increased $3 million or 3% as growth in investment management trust fees exceeded the decline in investment services while insurance income was unchanged. Mortgage income decreased $3 million or 7% driven by a seasonally lower production, partially offset by increases in the market valuation of mortgage servicing rights and related hedging activity. Within total mortgage production, 59% was related to purchase activity and 41% was related to refinancing. Mortgage income increased 16% compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, primarily due to increased gains associated with a 29% increase in production. Also during the quarter, we completed another bulk purchase of the rights to service approximately $2.2 billion of mortgage loans. This brings our total purchases from 2016 to approximately $8.1 billion and our mortgage servicing portfolio has increased $6 billion to $45 billion. Mortgage servicing income increased $5 million or 6% in 2016 compared to 2015. We still have capacity and we will continue to evaluate opportunities to grow our servicing portfolio. And finally, other non-interest income declined during the quarter as the company recognized a recovery during the third quarter of approximately $10 million related to the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill, which did not repeat this quarter. So let's talk about expenses. Total non-interest expenses decreased 4% during the quarter. On an adjusted basis, expenses totaled $877 million also representing a 4% decrease quarter-over-quarter reflecting the results of our efficiency initiatives. Total salaries and benefits decreased $14 million from the third quarter, primarily due to a decline in base salaries associated with one less weekday, the impact of staffing reductions and lower production base incentives related to decreased capital markets and commercial banking production. Staffing levels continued to decline during the quarter and decreased 5% or over 1,200 positions in 2016 as we execute on our efficiency initiatives. Professional and legal expenses decreased $3 million during the quarter primarily due to lower litigation-related costs. We also recognized an $11 million linked quarter benefit associated with credit for unfunded commitments. And finally, recall there was an $11 million expense in the third quarter associated with Visa Class B shares that did not repeat in the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter adjusted efficiency ratio was 63.2% and as Grayson mentioned we remain committed to achieving our expense elimination plans and our long-term target to an adjusted efficiency ratio below 60% by 2018. The company's effective tax rate for the fourth quarter and full year 2016 was 31.2% and 30.7% respectively and the effective tax rate is expected to be in the 30% to 32% range for the full year 2017. Let's move on to asset quality. Net charge-offs totaled $83 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of $29 million from the third quarter and represented 41 basis points of average loans. Charge-offs related to our direct energy portfolio totaled $14 million in the quarter. The provision for loan losses was $35 million less in net charge-offs and our allowance for loan losses as a percent of total loans decreased three basis points to 1.36%. The allowance for loan and lease losses associated with the direct energy loan portfolio decreased to 7% in the fourth quarter compared to 7.9% in the third quarter, which reflects continued improvement in credit quality of the energy book and our exposure to direct energy continued to decline ending the year at 2.6% of total loans outstanding. Total non-accrual loans, excluding loans held for sale, decreased nine basis points to 1.24% of loans outstanding and total business services criticized loans decreased 3%. The improvement in business services criticized loans was primarily due to declines in energy and energy-related credits. The improvement in non-accrual loans was driven by declines in non-energy commercial loans. Troubled debt restructured loans increased 5% in the quarter primarily due to increases in indirect energy credits. Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total non-accrual loans or coverage ratio was 110% at quarter end. Excluding energy, the coverage ratio increased from 123% to 138% in the fourth quarter. Direct energy charge-offs totaled $37 million in 2016 and are expected to be less than $40 million in 2017 given current market conditions. Now under a stress scenario with oil averaging below $25 per barrel, incremental losses could total $100 million over the next eight quarters. We are encouraged by the performance of our energy portfolio to-date. However, we will continue to monitor and manage it closely. Given where we are in the credit cycle and considering fluctuating commodity prices, volatility in certain credit metrics can be expected, especially related to larger dollar commercial credits. Let's talk about capital liquidity. As Grayson mentioned, we returned $1.2 billion of our 2016 earnings to shareholders through common dividends and share repurchases. At the same time, our capital ratios remain robust. Under Basel III, the Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 11.9% and the common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 11.1%. On a fully phased-in basis, common equity Tier 1 was estimated at 11% and we were also fully compliant with the liquidity coverage ratio rule at the end of the year and our liquidity position remains solid with a historically low loan deposit ratio of 81%. So as we look ahead in terms of 2017, the targets that we laid out are as follows. We expect full year average loans and average deposits to grow in the low single digits. Our expectation for net interest income and other financing income growth is in the 2% to 4% range. And our adjusted non-interest income is expected to grow 3% to 5%. From expense standpoint, total adjusted non-interest expenses in 2017 are expected to increase between zero and 1% and we expect to achieve a full year adjusted efficiency ratio of approximately 62% with positive adjusted operating leverage in the 2% to 4% range. From a credit standpoint, full year net charge-offs are expected to be 35 to 50 basis points. So in closing, our solid 2016 results reflect the successful execution of our strategic plan and our commitment to our three primary strategic initiatives which are growing and diversifying our revenue streams, practicing disciplined expense management and effectively deploying our capital. We are pleased to end the year on a positive note and believe we have the right team and the right strategy to deliver and create further shareholder value in 2017. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning and I will turn the call back over to Dana for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, David. Before we begin the Q&A, as a courtesy to others, please limit your questions to one primary question and one follow-up. We will now open the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo.
Grayson Hall: Good morning Matt
Matt Burnell: Good morning Grayson. Thanks for taking my question. You mentioned a couple of times, the momentum in the commercial side of the business. And I want to focus a little bit on the small and medium size borrowers. And obviously the competition there has been very, very intense, but do you sense a greater level of optimism from your customers that might increase their desire to borrow over the next year or two presuming we get a little bit of benefit in the economy? And then I have a bigger picture question for my follow up.
Grayson Hall: Absolutely. I will make a few comments and then I will ask John Turner who manages that part of business for us to make his comments as well. Absolutely, we are seeing anecdotally in our conversations with our customers a lot more confidence and a lot more optimism about what the future would hold. And we continue to believe that at some point that turns in to more business activity than we have seen thus far. But that being said, we are still not seeing that enthusiasm turn into actual lending activity. Line utilization is still not showing signs of that enthusiasm turning into activity nor are we seeing applications of credits do that. But having said that, I can't underscore enough the amount of optimism we hear in the voices of our customers. But I think it's going to take some time yet for that to result in a lot of economic activity. John, if you would?
John Turner: Yes. Thanks Grayson. I just would add and reiterate, we are hearing a more positive outlook from our customers, but we are not seeing that translate into new opportunities yet. Pipelines are up a little. Line utilization is down about 90 basis points in the quarter. We are having meaningful conversations with customers, but none of that has yet resulted in their desire to increase business fixed investment, which ultimately is what we need to see growth.
Matt Burnell: That's okay. Thanks.
Grayson Hall: You have a follow-up question.
Matt Burnell: Yes. My question really relates to the deposit rates which actually went down a little bit quarter-over-quarter, which was a little bit better than we have seen at some of your competitors. Do you attribute that to just the location of your franchise? Or is there something else going on there? And then maybe an update on your thinking of deposit beta as rates rise and where you are now relative to sort of your longer-term assumptions?
Grayson Hall: Well, I think Matt, when you look at our franchise, the real competitive advantage we have is really as a deposit gathering franchise. That's where the real value of our bank is at. And if you look at our deposit portfolio, it's a very granular portfolio and about 50% of that portfolio is located in smaller community markets and if you look at our thoughts and our forecast, you see a very conservative beta forecast for interest rate increases. Candidly, the environment we are coming from right now, we have never seen before. So this is new coming from this interest rate environment to start to increase. We are optimistic that our deposit betas will provide an advantage for us and thus far, as you mentioned, our deposit costs has remained relatively low. I think we are up one basis point quarter-over-quarter. So we think we have done a very good job actually growing deposits in the face of that activity. David, you might ay want to add to that.
David Turner: Yes. It's a great question, Matt, because as Grayson mentioned, this is really our competitive advantage that we have been waiting to see come through in our income statement. As Grayson mentioned, the deposit make up that we have really resulted in last upcycle. We have one of the lower betas than any other peers. I think we are internally at about 54%, was our beta. Perhaps it will be higher because we are at historical lows and so we model a 60% beta as the terminal value. But we start sow in that 40% range and we think that's really going to be important. Deposit rates, we think the faster rates increase from the Fed, the more pressure there will be. But what's happened thus far, as we haven't had nor have many in the industry had to pass much through to deposit holders because we have had increases one-off. So we are looking forward to dealing with that. We have great liquidity and a great stable funding base that we think can create value for our shareholders in 2017 and beyond.
Matt Burnell: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rose of Raymond James.
Grayson Hall: Good morning Michael.
Michael Rose: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just a question for David on the margins. I am sorry if I missed this. But can you quantify the impact of premium amortization on the margin this quarter? And then maybe just some greater context as to what your forecast includes? Does it include a couple of rate hikes, I assume? And what would it look like if we didn't get any rate hikes? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. So you saw our change in premium amortization early on. It was about a point difference on that in terms of margin. Clearly, the increase in rates was a big driver for us and that is not just the Fed move really LIBOR starting to move in advance of that as well as the tenure. So that's very helpful to us as our sensitivity continues to be on the longer end. Today the short end is probably 42% of our sensitivity and 58% in the middle to the back end. So as we think about increases for this next year, we are closer to where the market is right now, which was having a rate increase sometime in the summer and maybe one towards the back end of the year. We realized what Chair Yellen said the other day with regards to supporting the dot plots and perhaps there is an incremental increase baked into that. But we don't forecast that. If we get that, then that's better for us, but our guidance that we just laid out really shows that increase sometime in the summer and then towards back end of the fourth quarter.
Michael Rose: Okay. That's helpful. Maybe as my follow-up, if you can just give some color on some of the major fee income businesses, given the guide? I know capital markets was down, I guess greater than I expected sequentially. And maybe if you can just give the outlook for some of the businesses for this year? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. So we have a good story for non-interest income. Clearly, there's a lot of seasonality that hits that space. You can see that manifest throughout the industry. Same thing for us. In particular, we came off a lot of really strong third quarter in a number of areas, capital markets and wealth management. We believe those rebound and that's why we have our guidance for non-interest revenue growth of 3% to 5% next year. We went into this year with a 4% to 6% expectation. We ended up growing 7%. So we feel confident about our ability to grow in that 3% to 5% range. It will be a contribution from all those line items that you have seen in the past, as we continue to just grow customers and continue to build out certain of our new platforms like BlackArch Partners.
Michael Rose: That's great color. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Grayson Hall: Good morning Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. How are you?
Grayson Hall: Doing well.
Betsy Graseck: Great. I had a couple of questions. One was on the progress around the capital markets, investments that you are doing in the treasury management investments. I was wondering how you think those are going to come through as you go through 2017?
John Turner: Betsy, this is John Turner. I would say we are very pleased with the investments we have made. Capital markets revenue was up 44% last year in 2016. We did see obviously some decline in the fourth quarter, but that business is going to be uneven. The M&A advisory fee income that we enjoyed was more front end loaded into the second and third quarter. And as we look forward to 2017, we face some headwinds in a few of our newer initiatives like the low income housing tax credit platform that we acquired, CMBS platform that we have established. The conditions in the market aren't great for those today, but we think they will ultimately work themselves out. We feel very good about the initiatives and the investments and expect to continue to grow capital markets revenue and treasury management revenue in 2017 at a pretty good pace.
Betsy Graseck: I mean the rising rate environment should be good for treasury management, I would expect?
John Turner: It will be and remember that if you look at our deposit growth, we grew deposits by over $1.2 billion in the corporate bank and that's really a reflection of our focus on relationships, building broader and deeper relationships with our customers and winning more treasury management business than we have in the past. And so I think you will continue to see that growth.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thanks. And then just second question on the cost save initiatives that you have been very clear about, the targets. Could you give us a sense as to how the efficiency will drop to the bottom line as you go through the year? Is there any kind of trajectory that we should expect? Is there back-end loaded or what?
John Turner: Yes. I think if you look at rates, if the rate curve will hold you will start seeing even a better improvement as we get towards end of the year. We should start out having a pretty decent efficiency ratio contribution to that 62% that I talked to you about. But it gets even better at we get to the back end of the year.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
Grayson Hall: Good morning John.
John Pancari: Good morning. Grayson, if you could just talk a little bit about the fact that you have gotten the satisfactory rating on the CRA, as you mentioned. Does that pave the way for you to consider acquisitions again? And if so, can you give us your updated appetite for whole bank deals and then non-bank deals? Thanks.
Grayson Hall: John, I mean I think, first of all, we are very pleased to get our CRA rating reinstated back to satisfactory. The team here worked very hard to accommodate that. And so it's indicative of way we do business and the way we try to help our customers and all the communities we operate in. So very encouraged by that turn of events. What does that mean for us? We are very focused on organic growth. We are very focused on optimizing our distribution channels. You saw in 2016 that we invested in all of our channels, our online banking, our mobile banking, our contact centers, our ATMs and our branches. We had a number of consolidations in 2016 and opened relatively few branches in 2016. You can see that, but at the same time, we invested a tremendous amount of technology into those branches and changed our delivery format in a number of those offices to be more efficient and more effective. You will see us continue to do that. We think that it's an important and critical part of our franchise value and we think all of our distribution channels are important. The branch still has an awful lot of relevance and it is still the predominant channel that customer choose to open new accounts with us. So our primary focus is organic growth. When it comes to acquisition opportunities, we are very sensitive to what's going on in the market. We have a team inside the bank. It spends an awful lot of time monitoring markets and what's going on there. We look for opportunities to invest through acquisition. You saw last year that that was predominantly done through non-bank bolt-on acquisitions which has been predominantly our interest. We look at whole bank deals quite candidly. Where valuations are at right now, I think some of the economics of that we find challenging, but there may be opportunities for that. We are watching but our primary focus is on growing organically. So we will watch and see where the market goes, but at this particular point in time, we saw most of our opportunities in growing organically, in growing in non-bank bolt-on acquisitions and we are monitoring whole bank acquisition opportunities. Right now that market seems to be improving, but I think it's early yet.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Thanks. And then separately, I know you have mentioned that you are focusing increasingly on risk-adjusted returns and that, to a degree, has impacted your loan growth in the quarter and possibly your outlook. So I guess if you could just talk a little bit more about identifying those exact areas, exact portfolios where you are deliberately deemphasizing production as you are focusing on the risk-adjusted returns? Thanks.
Grayson Hall: First of all, we recognize we are in a cyclical business and we have to be mindful of that as we establish our risk appetite across different lending segments and we spend an awful lot of time trying to adjust our risk appetite. It is based on where we think we are in the cycle of all of those different lending categories. We have signaled to you that we have throttled back on indirect auto. We throttled back to investor real estate construction. We have throttled back on multifamily, to a certain degree. But we are still in those businesses, still lending in those businesses and obviously the one business that we have been most cautious in is energy for apparent reasons. But we still are in all of these businesses. We are just being more thoughtful and more careful given where we are at in the cycle of that. But we also spend an awful lot of time on both business that we win and business that we lose. We compete in a lot of different markets against very large financial institutions and small community banks as well. And there is an awful lot of competition there and we are trying to be very thoughtful about what type of transactions we will do, what kind of risk adjusted return we can achieve in those and I think in this market, we are able to grow our business in asset classes that we think make a lot of sense. As David said, we believe for 2017, we will grow in the low single digits. But that is growing faster than that in sub-segments while constraining growth in some of the other segments. I think most of this discussion centers around some of our commercial lending activities. I will ask John Turner to make a few comments as well.
John Turner: John, I think we have talked about, as an example, our focus on risk-adjusted returns in our shared national credit book and we have spent a lot of time there this year as a result of what we will refer to as recycling activity where we have exited some relationships and entered new ones. We have seen the level of credit only shared national credits come down by about 16%. The revenues that we are generating per relationship in those newer relationships go up by 35%. They generate over 100% more non-interest revenue and the risk-adjusted returns are 220 basis points greater than those relationships that we exited. In addition to that, I talked about deposit growth. We saw fee income growth in the business and the overall risk adjusted return on the corporate banking business here at Regions inclusive of all three businesses is up 160 basis points year-over-year. And at the same time, we think we have a better quality loan portfolio as we are de-risking the business and adding better risk and getting an appropriate return. We think that our commitment to profitable growth and appropriate returns is paying off and we will continue to see that in the coming quarters.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald of Bernstein.
Grayson Hall: John, good morning.
John McDonald: Hi. Good morning guys. David, I wanted to follow up on the net interest income margin question. Is there a rule of thumb that we can use, in terms of as we try to model Fed hikes for you guys, how much each Fed hike of 25 basis points adds to net interest margin? Any rough rule of thumb there?
David Turner: Well, we have tried to give you the parallel shift of 100 basis points, it's about $160 million right now and then we are 42% on the short end of that. If you do some quick math, depending on beta assumption you want to use, you are talking about $15 million, maybe $20 million on an annual basis. And again deposit beta assumption makes a difference.
John McDonald: Okay. That's helpful. And then just following up on the efficiency, the target this year, the 62%, At a conference in December you guys laid out longer term kind of sub-60% and I think you said by 2018. Is that the right way to think about, that you could go from 62% to 60% by the end of 2018? Does that imply a real ramp up in the expense saves next year?
David Turner: Well, so we can get to the 60s. That's our commitment by the end of 2018, kind of on a run rate basis there. So you will see us continuing to chip away at it each and every quarter through 2018 so that by the time we get we are hitting the 60% and below target that we laid out. And then by the time we get there, we will reassess and give you our new target because over time we think we will be even south of that. But let's get to the below 60% first and we will reestablish that.
John McDonald: Okay. Fair enough.
Operator: We will proceed to the next question which comes from Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Grayson Hall: Hello Geoffrey.
Geoffrey Elliott: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. It looks like there was quite a bit of strength in service charges this quarter. I wondered if you could elaborate on what happened there?
David Turner: Yes. I am not sure what you are looking at from a stress standpoint. Service charges continued to be fairly strong for us.
Geoffrey Elliott: No, I said strengths, not stress.
David Turner: I am sorry. We heard stress. Okay.
Geoffrey Elliott: Maybe it's the British accent or something.
David Turner: Sorry. What's really strong, we have such a strong retail network, continuing to grow customers is important and you are seeing that manifest itself in service charges. We have also had increases in customers on the commercial side as well. So if you look at year-over-year, we are kind of flat, but we were overcoming obstacles last year on posting order and we expect service charge to continue to be robust in 2017.
Grayson Hall: No. We thought we have done a really good job in our consumer bank. And if you look at growth metrics across accounts and account activity and the quality of the accounts we are placing on our books, we continue to be encouraged by the progress we are making. And as we do that, it really improve the number of revenue streams.
Geoffrey Elliott: And if the economy strengthens, how does that impact this? Do people make less use of overdraft if they are feeling better off? Or the dynamics is kind of more complex?
David Turner: From my perspective, there is certain people that's what happens and these aren't all overdrafts, by the way. These are core service charges that are monthly maintenance fees and those things. So stronger economy, we don't think would do anything but help that. It is really the customer growth that we continue to have that we think is most impactful to that line item and the more robust economy where the outreach that we want to do to continue to expand the franchise and grow relationships, we think that could be a positive for us in 2017.
Grayson Hall: Yes. And what we have seen, when you look at the consumer base, we really have started really shift in the mix of fee income in our consumer book towards more around activity based, in particular on debit cards and credit cards and less reliance on overdraft activity. And as you look at our checking account features, we have introduced a number of new products that give customers more assurance, more safety. They transact the business in the correct way and so we feel real good about our offerings. We feel good about our growth and we think 2017, you will continue to see this sort of pace and momentum that we have really started generating in 2016.
Geoffrey Elliott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Ken Usdin: Dave, I just wonder if you could talk a little bit about just total balance sheet size. I think we understand the expectation for loan and deposit growth. You guys have been at a pretty comfortable level of securities and it sounded like you did a little bit more remixing. So is it fair to say that you are comfortable at kind of that this level of earning assets? Or what would drive the total size of the balance sheet from here unless you started to just take on some wholesale funding?
David Turner: Yes. It's a great question, Ken. Part of what we did this year is, we were looking at certain of our deposit products. We talked about the collateralized deposits that were in our wealth management group. Those weren't providing virtually any liquidity value for us and certain of those were more expensive. And so we decided that we would move those out of the bank. And so if you look at deposit balances, you really need to go through the supplemental page 22 and see what the make up is because we had good deposit growth in consumer and in business services over the corporate bank segment. As we think about next year, low single digit growth relative to loans and deposits. We think earning assets can grow in that 2% range. And we know that didn't happen this year, but we think that that can happen as we go through 2017.
Ken Usdin: Okay. I have got it. And would that increment be then, but you did issue a bunch more debt in the fourth quarter, would that be also funded by more debt issuance this year?
David Turner: Yes. Those were really FHLB advances and what we are expecting our continued deposit growth to fund our activities on the left side of balance sheet.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And just one follow-up on the securities portfolio. Outside of the premium amortization help to securities yields, I am just wondering how close are you to kind of getting to that back book, front book in terms of just new yields on new purchases versus what's rolling off the book?
David Turner: Yes. So we have talked about where things settle down a little bit on premium amortization being closer to that treasury yield of 275 and that we would settle on premium amortization. Premium amortization will settle in that mid $30 million range, but going on today, it is about to 250 in terms of the mortgage backed as corporates are about a point higher than that. And so we continue to see further benefit from rising rates on that portfolio primarily through the slowing down of premium amortization.
Ken Usdin: Okay.
David Turner: So the new securities that we are putting on are accretive to our cause.
Ken Usdin: Right. Outside of the premium benefit, they are now accretive to the underlying.
David Turner: That's right.
Ken Usdin: Okay. I got it. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Grayson Hall: Good morning Matt.
Rob Hansen: Hi guys. This is Rob from Matt's team. Just had a follow-up on your outlook for commercial loan growth. I was just curious, how much additional balance reductions we should expect in those specific commercial segments such as energy and multi-family? Or you guys just about done at this point in terms of balance reduction there?
John Turner: This is John Turner again. I would say that we expect the run-off in energy to begin to moderate. We will certainly have some continued paydowns as some of the problem credits work themselves out. But there is good stability in that marketplace. We are seeing asset sales occur. We are seeing opportunities, though limited thus far, to potentially lend into the space. And we did actually make two new E&P loans in 2016, one toward the end of the year. So I think we will see runoff moderate. With respect to multi-family, remember we are trying to change our mix of business from being primarily construction oriented to a better mix of construction and term and we can't match the timing. And so what we are seeing is run-off in the construction book as our term lending initiative is getting some traction and so we have had more run off in that portfolio than we anticipated. At some point it will bottom out and begin to grow as the term loan initiative picks up. And again, we are projecting 2% to 4% loan growth in 2017. We think that will come in some measure from our specialized lending groups where we can lean into the expertise that we have in technology, defense and healthcare and power and utilities as an example. And also within our Regions business capital croup, where we think we have an awfully good level of expertise and opportunity to grow our business.
Rob Hansen: Okay. Thanks. And just separately on the net interest margin. Any color on where you see the consolidated NIM coming in for 1Q? I know you have some benefit from premium AM, but any other puts and takes? Will you see additional benefit from the December rate hike this quarter as well?
David Turner: Yes. This is David. From a NIM standpoint, we still will get the benefit of lower rates now for the full quarter, which we think will be meaningful and we will pick up a couple of points with lower premium amortization as well. But don't dismiss the impact of two less days in the quarter, which actually is accretive to the NIM and that will be two to three points in and of itself. So as you think about where we might be in the first quarter, we could be up in that low to 3.20%, in the low 3.20s then and continuing to improve, if the rate environment will hold, if it were to improve from there towards the fourth quarter.
Rob Hansen: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Marsh from FBR.
Steve Marsh: Good morning. I was wondering on capital deployment here. Maybe just give us a little more color as to what you think about how aggressive you could be for your 2017 CCAR ask.
David Turner: So we go through a very deliberate thoughtful process on capital deployment. You saw that this past year where we returned $1.2 billion to our shareholders, which was more than our earnings at the end of the day. We will continue to -- it's important for us to get our capital optimized. One of our key metrics that we talk about is getting to that 12% to 14% return on tangible common equity in 2018 and to do that we have to have an optimal size of capital for the risk attendant in our balance sheet. And so, clearly, we have had a challenge of that capital base being strong as it is where loans were this past year. So we will be evaluating that in our submission and I think we learned a few things through other submissions this past year on others that had capital returns in excess of 100% of earnings. And I think that we will make a prudent decision. Again, our primary focus is to ensure, first and foremost, that we have the right amount of capital to run the company. And then that excess capital, we need to use that appropriately. Grayson talk about organic growth, the bolt-on acquisitions and when those don't use up the capital base, returning it to the shareholders is the right thing to do and we will continue to do that through our planning.
Grayson Hall: But again, I would just reiterate that our primary desire is to be able to use the capital we generate to grow our business and serve our customers organically and as we use our team internally to put together our capital plan this year for approval by our Board. A lot of what we decide to do will be based on our outlook that we have for potential organic growth. And if we, depending on our outlook, it will drive really what we do to deploy capital otherwise.
Steve Marsh: Okay. And then my follow-up question with regard to your loan loss reserve ratio. It's been coming down last couple of quarters. I am kind of wondering where you think you could fill out by year-end?
Barbara Godin: This is Barbara Godin. Again, as you know we go through a very thoughtful process on setting the reserve for loan losses. As we continue to see the energy portfolio improve, I would say you will also continue to see some improvement in that level of reserve. I will reiterate what I said in the past, I never see it going back down to that 1% level. At some point, it will probably bottom out somewhere in that 1.25% or so.
Steve Marsh: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Saul Martinez of UBS.
Saul Martinez: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about your branch rationalization strategy, especially in the context of what is your competitive strength, your low-cost funding. It's a pretty sizable reduction and your branch footprint is probably more geared, on average, in lesser competitive markets that obviously gives you a very strong low-cost funding. But when you think about your branch rationalization strategy, where you cut, how do you think about that? What are some of the variables you look at? And how do you ensure you are not cutting into your strengths? And I guess as an adjunct to that, how should we think about the economic benefit you get from the branch closures, the 150 branches or so? Is there a way to systematically think about how that flows through to your bottom line?
Grayson Hall: Well, first, it's a very thoughtful data driven process because we are looking at all of our markets, how each branch is performing, where their transaction activity in that branch is growing or declining. You hear a lot of institutions talk about average growth rates, average decline rates of transactions. Those averages can be very deceptive, because we have branches where transactions continue to grow year-after-year. But what we have done is try to take a very facts based data driven process to determine where we have opportunities to not only consolidate offices, but to serve our customers even better. And so we look very closely at proximity of our branch offices to where our customers live and work. We spend an awful lot of time making sure that we do this the right way. We believe the branches are still very relevant. We still believe that there is opportunities to rationalize that particular distribution channel. But we have to be careful in how it fits in with all of our other channels and make sure that at the end of the day we are still able to attract and retain and service customers with excellence. So John, all of these branches report to you. If you would sort of speak to that?
John Turner: Sure Grayson. Just to kind of level set, if you step back for a minute, we peaked about 10 years ago in 2007 with 2,127 branches. We are down 600 branches. We are down 28%, which is really more than anybody else in the industry. A couple of drivers there. You talked about proximity and things like that. That is a big part of it. The other part of it is, we have made a lot of investments in mobile and online banking and really driving those transactions out of the branches into what I will call service transaction. So check your balance, make a deposit, move money around, pay bills. So a lot of those things have been moved really out of the branches and moved to the mobile and online banking platform. The other comment I would make is, we have done a lot of work around, what we call, universal banker. And universal banker really has helped us from a productivity standpoint by allowing us to have staffing at reduced levels in our branches. I would tell you, for 2016 between our 130 branch consolidations and our universal banker strategy, we reduced about 800 positions just resulting from those two items. So it really is a balance. So we take a balanced approach around what we are doing in mobile and online, what we are doing with our DepositSmart ATM strategy, what we are doing with our virtual terminal strategy and also consolidations. I will tell you over the next, probably a year or two, you will see consolidations outpace any building. So our net branch count will go down from the 1,527 level today. We will probably be in that, I would say, 1,480 to 1,500 range. But again these branches are very important as part of our strategy.
David Turner: This is David. I will add one thing for your last part of your question is that when we look at this from an economic standpoint, we consolidate a branch, we are going to lose some revenue. So the goal is to take out more cost than any revenue that you might lose. And for us, we target about a two year payback and when we consolidate these branches thus far, the wave that we have had, the 103 this year, once last year, been slightly less than the two year payback. So we feel very good about how they are paying for themselves. And it's a part of our expense initiatives as well.
Grayson Hall: The other point I would make, even though we have less branches, our account growth is up. We are growing our account base in checking accounts in that 1.7%, 2% range. Our Now Banking growth is up in that 30% to 40% range. Credit card growth is over 10%, 11% range. So we are seeing strong growth in spite of the fact that we have less physical stores. Our revenue per branch is up also.
Saul Martinez: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you for that. And if I could just follow up on loan growth. You are assuming in your 2017 guidance 2% to 2.5% real GDP growth. How do you think about the potential upside to that number? It may not in 2017 looking, but looking out late 2017, into 2018, if we do get a bit better economic growth environment, I assume it's not a linear relationship, risk appetite might move up, animal spirits and whatnot. But how do you think about the potential upside if the environment really does improve?
Grayson Hall: Well, I mean it's hard to put a number around, right. But we are optimistic that as we look forward that there may be considerable upside to our forecast. What we are trying to do is to balance our emotions between what we know is going on today, what we know we can deliver and what we hope the future may hold for us. So there is awful lot of enthusiasm, a lot of people that are appearing to get more courage to invest, more courage to expand, but we still are trying to balance that in our markets. It's a great turn of emotions in our marketplace. We really are excited about what the potential upside might be. That being said, at the end of the day, from a forecast standpoint, we still have got to forecast what we know we can deliver. And so we are trying to balance that as I am sure you are. I am not use there is a solid answer to your question, but I do believe that there is a potential for considerable upside.
David Turner: I think your point though, in terms of 2017, it's just probably, a lot of this has to manifest itself in 2017 for the effect to take in 2018 and 2019. So I think we have a lot to learn here over the coming months to see what the administration really does.
Grayson Hall: We think as you think about our business, the commercial and middle market, small business customer represents about 25 percent, give or take, of the bank's profitability and that customer has not been borrowing for years. And so if we began to see a little extra pickup in the economy, particularly amongst the middle market customers, by small business customers, I think there is lot of upside for our company. Absolutely.
Saul Martinez: That's good color. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC Capital Markets.
Grayson Hall: Hi Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Good afternoon guys. Thank you. David, can we go back to the capital question? You talked about with this year's CCAR that you are always going to want to keep the right amount of capital to run your business and I think in the past you may have used a 9% number. Is that still an appropriate number for the risks on the balance sheet?
David Turner: Yes. It's a good question, Gerard. We use 9.5% common equity Tier 1 as kind of the range that we think we ought to have based on today's risk. We are obviously looking at different portfolios and we have de-risked a little bit. And as we do that, that number can go down. We also have added portfolios that have more risk to them that go the other way. But right now, we think 9.5% is probably a good target.
Gerard Cassidy: Good. And then I think you also referenced in talking about this that you are looking at what other banks have done in terms of the ask in CCAR possibly going over 100% of earnings. With the proposed change for the under $250 billion in asset banks not having to go through the qualitative portion of the exam, does that give you more confidence to ask for a bigger number in view of what some of the banks did last year, but now with this change as well?
David Turner: Well, certainly the removal of the qualitative aspect of this CCAR is incrementally helpful, but it's not a free pass. The regulatory supervisor will still engage very closely with our capital planning and governance processes. It just happens at a different time of the year. It will most likely happen in the third and fourth quarters as we prepare for an April delivery each year. Now this year is a transition year. So we will take some time, but not having the qualitative aspects and being able to leverage the models that we have built that have been reviewed over a number of years, it's where we get our confidence. We need to run our bank with the idea of what capital we think and our Board thinks we need to have. We know we are regulated and we have to evaluate that too, but the regulators aren't looking for us to try to out-guess them. They are trying to get us to run our bank appropriately and that's why we feel confident about being able to get our capital down to that 9.5% common equity Tier 1 over time in a prudent manner. And so we are going to march in that direction, the pace of which is going to be determined through further analysis, but that is really important for us to get to that 9.5% as we set our goal on return on tangible common of 12% to 14%. What's embedded in that is getting our capital optimized and rightsized.
Grayson Hall: But the capital planning process has made constructive progress every year and we look at how the process has changed from last year to this year and we think it's been very constructive. It gives us more certainty. It give us more confidence. And I think that we have really developed a very rigorous, very disciplined capital planning process inside our company and we have got a lot of confidence that we can do the appropriate things given the risk on our balance sheet. So we continue to build confidence around our ability to manage capital.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then just as a follow-up, you guys have done a very good job in closing down branches and in your answers today some good analysis of how you look at it. Have you taken into account for this the upcoming year in the branch closures that in a rising rate environment deposit behavior may be different? And what that affect your modeling on your payback? I think David you mentioned it's two years or less than two year. Have you factored that into the equation yet?
David Turner: Well, a couple of things on that. We have and we try to anticipate deposit behavior. A couple of things that are happening. One, we have a loan deposit ratio of 81%. So we are in pretty good position there from a liquidity standpoint in a relationship bank has mattered and will matter going forward. We also recognize the TLAC from the larger players that cause them to have a different liquidity profile than they otherwise would have had and therefore perhaps a competition regarding deposits, especially in a one low single digit, 2% to 3% loan growth mode that put as much pressure on deposits and deposit rates. The growing, making investments that we want to, John talked about the retail network strategy of getting in some of the major metros and being able to be in places where we can grow deposits is really important to us in 2017 and beyond.
Grayson Hall: But if you look at 2016 and even prior to that, our strategy has been to remix our deposit portfolio to make it more granular, to make it less interest rate sensitive and most of our growth has come in low-cost deposits and we have also reduced our dependency on higher cost deposits and also our dependency on deposits that require collateralization. When you look at where we are at today, we have ran some limited exercises to try to better understand how much we would have to move rates to attract new deposits into the company and we think we have a pretty good handle on how customers are reacting in higher markets in a higher rate environment and continue to be hopeful that our deposit betas will outperform.
David Turner: Gerard, I will add one other thing. If you look at our supplement, on page 22 you will see our deposits broken out by consumer and corporate wealth management. You will see our wealth management, year-over-year, was down $2.2 billion and that's a decision we made that we weren't getting the kind of liquidity that we wanted. If we needed to, we could change our tune on that and we might have to pay up a little bit for deposits, but we have multiple avenues of funding and our liquidity position, in particular related to our securities portfolio and other assets that we can post up as collateral for the FHLB is very strong, which I think will bode well for us not having to chase these deposits. We will be unduly restrictive on our consolidation efforts.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you for the thorough answer. I appreciate it.
A -Grayson Hall: All right. Thank you. That was our last question. We appreciate everyone's attendance today and we will stand adjourned. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dana Nolan - IR Grayson Hall - CEO David Turner - CFO John M. Turner, Jr. - Head of Corporate Banking Group Barbara Godin - Chief Credit Officer John Owen - Head of Regional Banking Group
Analysts: Matt O'Conner - Deutsche Bank John Pancari - Evercore ISI John McDonald - Stanford Bernstein  Betsy L. Graseck - Morgan Stanley Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Steve Marsh - FBR Capital Markets Michael Rose - Raymond James Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Jill Shea - Credit Suisse Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Ken Usdin - Jefferies David Eads - UBS Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Gerard Cassidy - RBC Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants online have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call there will be a question-and-answer Session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Ms. Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Regions' third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Participating on the call are Grayson Hall, Chief Executive Officer and David Turner, Chief Financial Officer. Other members of senior management are also present and available to answer questions. A copy of the slide presentation reference throughout this call as well as our earnings release and earnings supplement are available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. I'd also like to caution you that we may make forward-looking statements during today's call that are subject to risk and uncertainties. And we may also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from expectations as well as GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are detailed in our SEC filings including the Form 8-K filed today containing our earnings release. I will now turn the call over to Grayson. 
Grayson Hall: Thank you, Dana. Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. Our third quarter results reflect continued momentum in 2016 and demonstrate that we are successfully executing our strategic plan. We are pleased with our continued progress on fundamentals despite a challenging operating environment. Dave is going to take you through details shortly, but let me just provide a few highlights. For the quarter we reported earnings available to common shareholders of $304 million and earnings per share of $0.24. There are number of items that impacted the quarter, which we will address as we review the results, but all-in-all a good quarter and solid quarter for regions. We delivered solid revenue growth by increasing deposits and non-interest income total adjusted revenue increased 5% over the third quarter of 2015, driven by strong adjusted non-interest growth of 12%. Clear evidence that our investments are paying off, notably capital markets and wealth management both produced record quarters. As part of our continuing efforts to grow and diversify revenue, we recently announced the acquisition of low income housing tax credit corporate fund syndication and asset management business of First Sterling Financials. This acquisition complements our existing low income housing tax credit origination business and further expands our capital market capabilities and our ability to serve our customers. With respect to market conditions, the global macroeconomic environment continues to remain somewhat challenging. As such it's critical that we focus on things that are within our power to control. And to that end we remain committed to disciplined expense management and are on pace to achieve our 2016 efficiency and operating goals. Our plan to eliminate $300 million of core expenses over the next three years is clearly underway. However based on current expectations for continued low rate low growth environment we have determined that additional expense eliminations are necessary to operate in this environment, to go beyond the $300 million amount. To that end we have targeted additional $100 million, which we expect to achieve by 2019. In total this $400 million represents 11.5% of our adjusted expenses base. Turning to asset quality for just a moment, we continue to see some stress in certain segments given where we are in the cycle, but we view our overall asset quality as stable today. In addition the continue stabilization of oil prices has positively impacted certain credit metrics. With regards to loans, we continue to exercise caution and remain focused on prudent and quality loan growth. Regarding business lending, average loans are down modestly on a year-over-year basis. We continue to experience muted customer demand and heavy competition in the business segment, particularly in the middle market commercial and small business sectors. We are also seeing some large corporate customers accessing the capital markets and are using these proceeds to pay down bank debt. In addition we experience 100 basis points decline in line utilization of commercial customers during the quarter. Corporate customers remain focused on liquidity, which is evidenced by a 2% increase in average corporate bank segment projects. Excluding the impact of public funds average deposits in the corporate bank at Regions are up 5%. In addition, direct energy loans continue to pay down or pay off and over the past two quarters we have seen a favorable decline of approximately $500 million and on a point-to-point and approximately $300 million on a linked quarter correlations. Its important to point out that while reduced demand is impacting industry, we are deliberately limiting production in certain areas. For example, investor real estate in particular is an area where we remain guarded were also limiting exposure specifically to multi-family and medical office buildings. Year-to-date in these -- outstanding balances in these portfolios have declined approximately $300 million combined on a point-to-point basis. Importantly we continue to focus on achieving appropriate risk adjusted returns within our business, portfolios and relationships and we believe this approach will lead to quality loan growth in the future. Despite market uncertainty the overall health of the consumer remains strong and we continue to see solid demand and steady growth in almost all of our consumer loan categories. With respect to capital, were encouraged by recent regulatory directions and comments and the subsequent notice of proposed rulemaking, which we believe will be constructive for Regions. That said, our capital deployment priorities remain unchanged first and foremost were focused on prudent organic growth. We will also continue to evaluate strategic alternatives that increase revenue or reduce operating expenses, while returning an appropriate amount of capital to our shareholders. Year-to-date we have returned approximately 99% of earnings to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In closing, our third quarter results reflect to continue to execution of our plans and our commitment to our three primary strategic initiatives which are; number one, grow and diversify our revenue streams; two, is to practice discipline expanse management; and three, to effectively deploy our capital. With that, I will turn it over to Dave who will cover the details for the third quarter. Dave?
David Turner: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. As Grayson noted several items impacted the third quarter, now Ill speak to each of them as we move through the results. So lets get started with the balance sheet and look at average loans. Average loan balances totaled $81 billion in the third quarter, down 1% from the previous quarter. Consumer lending experienced another solid quarter of growth as average consumer loan balances increased $302 million or 1% over the prior quarter. This growth was led by mortgage lending as balances increases $259 million linked quarter, reflecting another seasonally strong quarter of production. We continue to have success with our other indirect lending portfolio, which includes point of sale initiatives. This portfolio increased $93 million linked quarter or 14%. Average balances in our consumer credit card portfolio increased $44 million or 4% as penetration into our existing deposit customer base increased to 18.2% an improvement of 50 basis points.  Now turning to the indirect auto portfolio average balances decreased $36 million during the quarter, we continue to focus on growing our preferred dealer network, while exiting certain smaller dealers. In addition we remain focused on achieving appropriate risk adjusted returns in this portfolio. And average equity balances decreased $94 million as the pace of run-off exceeded production.  Now turning to the business services portfolio, as Grayson mentioned the decrease in average business service loans during the quarter was driven by an approximate $300 million decline in average direct energy loans. In addition loan growth was impacted by a continued softness in demand for middle market commercial and small business loans. Furthermore, we are remaining disciplined with our management of concentration risk limits, and a continued focus on achieving appropriate risk-adjusted returns. More specifically we are limiting our exposure to multi-family and medical office buildings. And as a result, total business lending average balances decreased $979 million or 2% during the quarter. Despite this decline, there are areas within business services experiencing growth, such as technology and defense and asset based lending. And we expect to continue to leverage our go-to-market strategy of local bankers working with industry and product specialists to deliver the entire bank to our customers to meet their particular needs. Related we are also making progress with our focus on profitability and are using capital more effectively. Through July, we have achieved greater relevance in a number of large corporate relationships and improved our risk adjusted returns on these loans by over 200 basis points.  Lets take a look at deposits. Total average deposit balances increased $439 million from the previous quarter, including $330 million of growth in average low cost deposits. Deposit cost remained near historically low levels at 12 basis points, and total funding cost remained low, totaling 30 basis points for the quarter. Total average deposits in the consumer segment were up $483 million or 1% in the quarter, reflecting the strength of our retail franchise. The overall health of the consumer, and our ability to grow low cost deposits. As previously noted, average corporate segments increased $675 million or 2% during the quarter, as corporate customers remained focused on liquidity. Average deposits in the wealth management segment decreased $637 million or 6% during the quarter as certain institutional and corporate trust customer deposits, which require collateralization by securities continue to shift out of deposits and into other fee income producing customer investments.  So lets see all this impacted our results. Net interest income and other financing income on a fully taxable basis was $856 million, a decrease of $13 million or 1% from the second quarter. The resulting net interest margin was 3.06%. Net interest income and other financing income was negatively impacted by a $7 million leverage lease residual value adjustment. And this adjustment reduce net interest margin by 3 basis points. In addition historically low rates experienced in the second and third quarters of 2016 caused prepayments in our mortgage back securities book to increase, resulting in higher premium amortization of approximately $13 million during the quarter. However, given the recent moves to modestly higher long-term rates, we expect $4 million to $6 million of improvement in premium amortization during the fourth quarter. And lastly lower average loan balances further reduced net interest income and other financing income in the quarter. Now these reductions were partially offset by higher short-term rates, one additional day in the quarter, and our debt deleveraging that we executed this quarter. So if you exclude the impact of the $7 million leverage lease residual value adjustment and the expected $4 million premium amortization improvement, net interest income and other financing income for the third quarter would have been approximately $867 million on a fully taxable equivalent basis and a margin of 3.09%. And we believe the fourth quarter will approximate these amounts. Non-interest income increased 14% in the quarter and included the impact of $47 million of insurance proceeds associated with the previously disclosed settlement related to FHA insured mortgage loans. Adjusted non-interest income growth was particularly strong in the third quarter and reflected our deliberate efforts to grow and diversify revenue. Almost every non-interest revenue category increased driven by record capital markets and wealth management income and growth in card and ATM fees resulting in a 5% increase compared to the second quarter.  Capital market's fee income grew $4 million or 11% during the quarter, driven primarily by the mergers and acquisition advisory services group. Card and ATM income increased $6 million or 6% during the quarter, driven by an increase in a number of active cards and spend volume.  Wealth management income increased $4 million or 4% during the quarter, driven by increased investment management and trust fees as assets under administration increased 5% from $88.1 billion to $92.6 billion. Mortgage income was stable during the quarter as increased gains from loan sales were offset by declines in the market valuation of mortgage servicing rights and related hedging activity. Within total mortgage production, 67% was related to purchase activity and 33% was related to refinancing. Also during the quarter we completed a bulk purchase for the rights to service approximately $2.8 billion of mortgage loans. And year-to-date weve purchased the rights to service approximately $6 billion of mortgage loans and our mortgage portfolio service for others has grown from approximately $26 billion to $30 billion over the past year. We still have additional capacity and we'll continue to evaluate opportunities to grow our servicing portfolio. Other non-interest income includes the recovery of $10 million related to the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. We also recognized an $8 million leverage lease termination gain, which was substantially offset by related increase in income taxes. These increases were partially offset by a $4 million decline in revenue from market value adjustments related to employee benefit assets, which were offset in salaries and benefit expense and resulted in no impact to pre-tax income.  As it relates to future non-interest income growth, Regions is one of the nation's largest participants in affordable housing finance through the low income housing tax credits program. And we're excited about the opportunity to enhance our capabilities through the recently announced acquisition of the low income housing tax credit corporate fund syndication and asset management businesses of First Sterling. Let's move onto expenses. Total non-interest expenses increased 2% during the quarter and include a $14 million charge for the early extinguishment of parent company debt and a $5 million charge associated with branch closures we announced last quarter. On an adjusted basis expenses totaled $912 million, representing a 3% increase quarter-over-quarter. Total salaries and benefits increased $6 million from the second quarter, primarily due to one additional week day, which accounts for approximately $5 million. Production based incentives also increased during the quarter. These increases were partially offset by $4 million decrease in expenses related to market value adjustments associated with assets held for certain employee benefits, which were offset in other non-interest income that I mentioned. In addition, year-to-date staffing levels have decline 5% or approximately 1,200 positions as we continue to execute on our efficiency initiatives. Looking at the fourth quarter and excluding any impact from market value adjustments, we expect salaries and benefits to decline as a result of one less week day in the quarter and the impact of continuing expense management. Professional and legal expenses increased $8 million during the quarter, primarily due to increases in legal reserves. As expected FDIC insurance assessments increased $12 million in the third quarter, including a $5 million related to the implementation of the FDIC assessment surcharge. In addition, the second quarter assessment benefited from a $6 million refund related to prior period over payments. The company also incurred $8 million related to the reserve for unfunded commitments, as well as $11 million of expense related to Visa class B shares sold in a prior year. The Visa class B shares have restructuring to the finalization of certain covered litigation. The current quarter charge primarily relates to a class-action settlement that was overturned on appeal and we would not expect this level of expense to repeat. For the first nine months of 2016, our adjusted efficiency ratio was 63.3% and we have generated 3% positive operating leverage on an adjusted basis. As Grayson mentioned, we have targeted an additional $100 million in expense eliminations beyond our original announcement bringing the total target of $4 million or 11.5% of our adjusted expense base. And we will continue identify opportunities to pull those savings forward whenever possible. Just move on to asset quality. Net charge-offs totaled $54 million in the third quarter, a decreased of $18 million from the second quarter and represented 26 basis points of average loans. Charge-offs related to our energy portfolio totaled $6 million in the quarter. The provision for loan losses was $25 million less in net charge-offs in the quarter and our allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans decreased 2 basis points to 1.39%. The allowance for loan and lease losses associated with the direct energy loan portfolio decreased to 7.9% in the third quarter compared to 9.4% in the second quarter, reflecting the continued improvement in our overall energy book. Total non-accrual loans excluding loans held for sale increased to 1.33% of loans outstanding. There were five energy and energy related loans which primarily drove the increase in non-accrual loans. However, the increased provision associated with these loans was more than offset by the credit quality improvement in the balance of the energy portfolio driven by a continued energy price stabilization as well as declines in loans outstanding. Troubled debt restructured loans and total delinquencies were relatively flat, while total business services criticized loans increased 2%. The increase in criticized loans was driven by a small number of multi-family construction and transportation loans that were downgraded from past to special mention. While oil prices are continuing to stabilize uncertainty remains. We expect cumulative losses for all of 2016 and 2017 to range between $50 million and $75 million and should oil prices average below $25 per barrel through the end of 2017 we would expect incremental losses of $100 million. Through the first nine months of 2016 weve incurred $23 million of charge-offs related to our energy portfolio. And we are encouraged by the performance of our energy segment to-date. However we will continue to monitor and manage it closely. Given where we are in the credit cycle and considering fluctuation in commodity prices, the volatility in certain credit metrics can be expected, especially related to larger dollar commercial credits. Lets talk about capital liquidity. Under Basel III the Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 11.9% and the common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 11.1%. On a fully phased-in basis common equity Tier 1 was estimated at 11%. In addition our liquidity position remains solid with a historically low loan-to-deposit ratio of 81%. In terms of expectations for the remainder of 2016, we expect both average loans and average deposits to be relatively stable with the fourth quarter 2015, our expectation for net interest income and other financing income remains unchanged, with full year growth of between the 2% to 4% range. As a result of our investments, we now expect to grow full-year adjusted non-interest income by more than 6%. Total adjusted non-interest expenses in 2016 are expected to be flat to up modestly from 2015, and we expect to achieve a full-year adjusted efficiency ratio of approximately 63% with a positive operating leverage in the 2% to 4% range. And we continue to expect full-year net charge-offs to be in that 25 to 35 basis point range. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning and I will turn the call back over to Dana for instructions on the Q&A portion.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, David. Before we begin the Q&A session of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one primary and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible this morning. We will now open the line for questions.
Operator: This floor is now open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Matt O'Conner of Deutsche Bank.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Matt.
Matt OConner: Good morning. I was hoping to follow-up on the expenses of debt and couple of questions, I guess one anymore color or can you frame how much of the $400 million of cost saves will fall to the bottom-line or what it means to expenses overall? And then what's the base off of because Im a little confused this quarter the cost came in higher than expected, part of it was higher revenue and even adjusting for that it seem like a little bit higher and then youre increasing the cost target. So I am trying to figure out what the base is and then what it means for overall expenses?
David Turner: Yes. So, Matt well -- we have some more work to identify what that additional $100 million would be, in what year it would fall in, we did extend that component of the cost elimination program to 2019.That being said, as I mentioned we are trying to bring forward as much as we can. The base weve been working off is that base from last year, which is about $3.450-ish range, $3.454 billion I think the more exact. And thats an adjusted expense number. So that's what were pegging this $400 million off of and that's where you calculate 11.5% from.
Matt OConner: And just specifically in terms of this quarter's expenses I mean besides the items you caught out within adjusted expenses, would you view kind of the adjusted expense base as being a bit inflated? I know you talked about some decreased coming in 4Q on seasonality, but is it an inflated level?
David Turner: Yes, thats right and thats why I tried if you go through the -- what I was enumerating and not just on the adjusted schedule, but it enumerated some of the unusual things that occurred in the fourth quarter, that that $912 is higher than our quarter run rate.
Matt OConner: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, John
John Pancari: Good morning. Back to expenses, I just want to get a little bit feel how this impacts your efficiency ratio, I mean if you look at it, youre running year-to-date around 63.5$ or so and so, and you came in around 65% for the third quarter, I just want to just get some color on how you are confident that youre going to come in below 63% for the full 2016, so what that means for fourth quarter? And then more importantly, just overall thoughts on 2017 efficiency what we can expect out of that?
David Turner: Yes so kind of consistent with Matts question we believe the adjusted number of 912 was higher than the run rate that you'll see in the fourth quarter and into 2017. We still need some more work John around the 2017 numbers. We'll highlight that in the first part of December at our next conference in terms of what we think we'll do over the next three years on a number of metrics. But if we put our forecast and for the fourth quarter recalculate the adjusted expense number we think we'll be right on top of 63%.
John Pancari: Okay. All right, no that helps I was just trying to go at it a different way. And then separately on the loan growth front, I wanted to see if I can get your thoughts on the outlook for loan growth for 2017. I know you've flagged a couple of times the weaker business loan demand in mid-market and a conservative approach to certain portfolios that you flagged as well. So can you talk about how you feel about loan growth as you look into 2017 considering that?
Grayson Hall : Yes I mean John if you look at our reported earnings for the third quarter, clearly consumer was very strong quarter. We're very encouraged by what we saw on the consumer not only for a loan growth standpoint, but from an asset quality perspective continues to be very good and very stable. And we think while there is some seasonality in consumer lending in particular around mortgage lending. We do anticipate that that positive momentum carries forward. On the commercial side especially in the small to medium size enterprises, we had very good production in the third quarter. But we also had an abnormally high level of payoffs and paydowns and in particular around reductions in outstanding zone on commercial lines of credit.  When you look at our thoughts for fourth quarter we think production bodes well, but we do anticipate stability in the fourth quarter. I would just ask John Turner who heads up that group for us to add a little bit more color. Because I think this is an important question.
John M. Turner, Jr. : Yes thank you, Grayson. We've said as we think about our strategy that we're underpenetrated in certain markets, businesses and portfolios. We have we think too many single service kind of credit only relationships. We've been good about client selectivity, but not as focused on returns. And so as we think about our businesses and our desired credit better mix of revenue, we've talked about real estate and our desire to manage that carefully given where we are in the cycle. Within our larger credit exposures our corporate banking business again we want to be thoughtful that business has been growing over the last few years, but it grows with large exposures. And so we're mindful of the toll free risk and mindful of the returns that we're getting in that business. And so a lot of what we've been doing there over the last nine months is reallocating capital within that portfolio to relationships that are going to generate higher risk adjusted returns. And we're beginning to see meaningful impact as a result of that. And I think it's also as you could see helping to grow non-interest revenue, which is up almost 20% year-over-year. And then finally within middle market and small business it's really important we think that again we build those relationships out broadly. We don't chase opportunities while Grayson said production was good we had an opportunity to generate almost again half as much credit as we did, but it wasn't priced appropriately or the structures we didn't think were consistent with our risk appetite. So we have some leverage to pull. If we felt like that we needed to do that, but we believe that a disciplined approach to building long-term prudent sustainable relationships that are profitable to the company that generate value for our customers and for our shareholders is appropriate. And so we'll see stabilization we think in the fourth quarter and then we believe kind of modest growth I think we've indicated David in 2017.
John Pancari: And then I'm sorry just one more thing, the modest growth that you just mentioned there John, is that back to where you were previously in that sub 3% type of range?
David Turner: Yes so John this is David. So we'll put together our total loan growth plan that's what we'll share with you on the 2017 metrics. But John was trying to address we believe we will have certain things working against us energy being a big one in 2017 as much as we had this past year. So we'll give you more specificity on loan growth at the next conference.
John Pancari: Thanks. And did you quantify that the paydowns in the commercial real estate side?
Grayson Hall: I don't think we did. I can't recall whether we
David Turner: The main decline we had talked about was energy, over the last couple of quarters its been about $500 million with average of 300 of that this past quarter.
John M. Turner, Jr. : Yes and I think the number in real estate was about 300 point-to-point. And again as we try to remix our business real estate as an example and shift from a very high level of construction loan production to a better mix of term lending and construction lending. We can't manage the timing as you can imagine. And so it is going to be a bit lumpy as we experienced paydowns and the construction book and we seek to grow the term book. And so we overtime expect to grow real estate as the economy grows, but we'll have I think some timing differences as we attempt to remix that business.
Grayson Hall: But John as you saw in this quarter when we with all the actions we're taking were actually reducing the risk profile of our overall loan portfolio and are encouraged with the progress we're making in that regard. It does create some noise on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But I think the point is we're trying to be very thoughtful and very prudent about reducing the overall risk profile of our portfolio. 
John Pancari: Okay, thanks Grayson. Thanks for taking all the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald of Bernstein. 
John McDonald: Hi, good morning. Wanted to ask little bit about credit quality, the charge-offs David this quarter came in at the low end of your range with the 26 basis points. Do you expect to hold the lower end in the near-term in terms of the charge-offs? And then on the reserve front are you comfortable letting the reserve go further down from this 139 or so? And what do you expect the provision to kind of match charge-offs going forward?
Barbara Godin: Yes this is Barbara. I'll take that question. Relative to -- I'll touch the reserve first as you know we have a pretty prudent ways we go about looking at it consistently we also looking at our reserves. So we will let the numbers speak for themselves at that point. However I don't see us going back to what we call the old days of something sub 1% coverage. We came in at 139 as you know. So we'll move in and around that band for what thats worth relative to charge-offs. It was a great charge-off quarter. I would stick with our guidance of 25 to 35 basis points as we close out the year and that would include the fourth quarter coming up.
Grayson Hall : But again there can be a considerable volatility from quarter-to-quarter. And given the granularity of the portfolio and all the larger credits we have. But overall to Barb's point very good quarter from a credit quality standpoint this quarter. Had a lot of things moving around, but at the end of the day we think we're in a good place.
John McDonald: Okay. Just to follow-up on that part. The consumer charge-off ratios if we look in the supplemental is showing a trend of going up and obviously growing this from a small base. So just kind a wondering what you're seeing there is it seasoning that you kind of expect this trend. These are small numbers right now, but as you grow this consumer portfolio. Give destinations in mind for where these charge-off ratios should be headed?
Barbara Godin: Yes firstly they're all within our risk appetite so we're very comfortable with what's happening in the consumer book. What we see is real estate continues to improve in particularly we see home equity was down significantly this quarter. Mortgage is really back to with all-time low tracking along the bottom. Some of the other portfolios that we see indirect is pretty stable. And then of course we have a handful of new initiatives that we're looking at that contributed a little bit a few million to our numbers overall. But again on the revenue side, we're seeing that handful of increased losses are more than offset by the increased revenues. So we don't see the consumer book moving up significantly in terms of overall losses at this point. 
John McDonald: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy L. Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy L. Graseck: Hi, good morning.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Betsy L. Graseck: Hey couple of questions. One is on expenses, just in general what do you think your normalized expense increases on an annual basis? Not including the cost saves, but just what you have to consider as normal course of inflation of expenses?
David Turner: Yes, I think if you start back at that 3,454 number and we go up modestly there, we are hitting that run rate, so adjust expenses 912 thats a little bloated I tried to numerate those if you carve those out youre going to band that 880 range, 885 range is probably where thats more normal run rate.
Betsy L. Graseck: Okay.
David Turner: Well, thats all adjusted.
Betsy L. Graseck: Right. So, if youre talking about a 2% or 3% normalized increase from just salaries and expense inflation then we are looking at over a three year period and Ill look where you should be able to brining your expense dollars down over three year period. Is that fair?
David Turner: Well, one another thing thats important to us strategically as we laid out at Investor Day is to grow and diversify our revenue and to continue to make investments and in order to make those investments we have to -- and control expenses at the time we have to have saving from our kind of our core operations and that's really what the $300 million now $400 million is all about. And so we have to continue to find other ways to become more efficient because it is firstly important for us to continue to grow our company and to grow non-interest revenue in particular. And so having a reduction in expense versus having them flat to up modestly, which is what we have today and again well give you 2017 and beyond, but it will be somewhere in that range as well.
Betsy L. Graseck: Okay. So I am missing in my little calculation is the investment spending youre making. Okay. And then just separately you no longer have to deal with qualitative part of the CCAR test, I know the regulators say that they are going to be accessing your process in the normal course regulation, but maybe you could give us a sense as to how much that helps you in terms of dealing not only with the CCAR itself at that point in time of the year, but also how you think about the capital return that might open up for you without the qualitative test issue that you have had to deal with over the past years?
David Turner: So, Ill start with obviously the still just a notice to proposed rulemaking, so we still need finalization there. But based on what is out there I think its constructive for the industry, for the regional bank space. As that being said, we manage our capital in the manner weve laid out a capital planning process and all the governances and none of thats going to change. We are going to continue to have robust capital planning and loss forecasting. What this does is that plus learning that we get from each CCAR filing help us frame up what we could do with our capital, first and foremost we want to leverage our capital to grow organically. And that's first order of business. We want to make investments to -- for bolt-on acquisitions that we have done you saw the one we released yesterday, those are important.  Having a fair dividend to our shareholders is important and then when we have excess capital that we are generating having an appropriate return in the form of a share buyback is an order. So, I think given all of that, it gives us an ability to think about capital targets relative to the risk that we have in our balance sheet and we have mentioned that based on todays risk that we have that common equity Tier 1 ratio in the 9.5% is where we would target overtime and were at approximately 11%. So, we have capital to be put to work or to be given back to shareholders overtime. And so I think all the body of evidence that we have will help us manage that in a prudent manner over perhaps a shorter period of time. We have to think through that though Betsy its a little early to tell what that exactly means for our CCAR submission in 2017.
Betsy L. Graseck: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
Grayson Hall:  Good morning, Jennifer.
Jennifer Demba: Good morning. Just wonder if you could give us some color around the increase in criticized loans in the multi-family in transport area?
Barbara Godin: Absolutely Betsy its Barbara begin. So what we had is we had effectively in multi-family three credits two of them are in the Houston area one was in Oklahoma, the one in the Houston area, I'll give you a little more color on. Higher concessions than originally expected so we move that to a special mention loan. Another that was also in the Houston area, construction delays due to rainfall. So we moved that one over. And the last one is in Oklahoma 93% complete on that building. Marginally behind schedule in terms of the leasing, but we still expect completion of the building by the end of December. So again we look at everything relative to how you are supposed to be performing in any of these credits. And if you're not performing as per what we originally laid out we will move you to a special mention. The transportation credits are energy related one large transportation credit energy related. What I would say though about our overall criticized book is that 93% of our criticized book in the business services area is paying as agreed. So I don't expect at the end of the day that there will be a significant number of losses at all coming from any of those loans that we've moved over.
Jennifer Demba: Okay. Separate question on your branch sales incentive. Grayson, do you expect any meaningful change to your branch sales incentives given the backdrop of what happened with Wales [ph]? 
Grayson Hall : Yes I think given the backdrop that the industry is facing right now I think the prudent thing to do and I assume all of our competitors are doing that is taking very deep dive on all of our sales practices using both our internal leadership, internal experts as well as external advisors to re-challenge ourselves on all of our sales practices. We're quite proud of the culture we've build at Regions. Weve had sales culture that is really based on shared values making sure that's customer focused and that we're doing the right thing for customers in the right way. And our messaging is quite strong and the feedback we get from surveys and external sources is very encouraging. But all that being said we believe in the backdrop of all that's going on that we're all re-challenging ourselves to make sure that everything is done correctly and appropriately. And that activity is going on here. As I'm sure is going on everyone. But as I said we've got a lot of confidence in the processes we built. We think we're doing the right things, but more importantly we think we're doing them the right way. But we got to make sure that that's occurring in all aspects. And so given the backdrop we are re-reviewing everything we are doing. 
Jennifer Demba: Thanks very much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steve Marsh of FBR. 
Steve Marsh: Good morning.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Steve Marsh: Just want to circle back on expenses a little bit. I know in the past you've talked about pulling forward expenses. And I was wondering what's the possibility that the $300 million you to complete it in 2017?
David Turner: Yes so we are continuing to challenge ourselves on the $300 million plus additional $100 million in term of the timing and are looking to pull forward as much as prudent without harming the long-term franchise. So I can't give you probability of being able to complete that in 2017, I think getting all of that in 2017 will be very difficult. But could we move some of it that is currently in 2018 and 2017; I think that's an appropriate challenge to our team. And we'll be coming back again after this challenge in December at our next conference we'll lay out with that three year plan looks like including metrics like operating leverage and efficiency and just total expense bogie as well.
Steve Marsh: Okay. And then my second question on investment securities yields, just wondering what is your new money purchase yield these days?
David Turner: Well if we're in the mortgage backs are about one and three quarters about 1.75 to 2 and corporate bonds are 2.30 range to 2.75. But the preponderance of what were at have been adding the mortgage backs. 
Steve Marsh: Great, thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rose of Raymond James.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Rose: Hey, good morning. Just another follow-up on expenses, the additional $100 million that you identified is there -- and Im sorry, if I miss this, is there any change in kind of complexion of what that $100 million comprises relative to the $300 million that you laid out during Investor Day?
David Turner: No, Michael those are -- if you go back to Investor Day youll see roughly four broad categories of expense, I suspect theyll fall into those categories. I think you should expect us to leverage -- see us leveraging technology a bit more, which gives us time to put things in place to help those from an efficiency standpoint. So that could be one of the changes, as we go through this, we kind of started on the human capital side and then getting into really third-party spend, which weve done some of theres probably smart room there. We continue work on occupancy cost and branch consolidations and office space, as you know we had a million square feet, we wanted to take out over the initial three year period of time, were in good shape with that. But were continuing to challenge ourselves on those kind of areas, we think therell be more to come there.
Michael Rose: Is it fair to say that most of the kind of heavy lifting from the expenses efforts have been realized at this point, one of your competitor this morning basically said that they had anything kind of incremental beyond todays announcement would be much smaller. Is that similar view for you guys or if you were to take a more critical of your branch network could you actually see some more material savings as we move forward?
Grayson Hall: No, I mean Michael, you look at the past few years, weve been very focused on efficiency and trying to find expenses and obviously the duration of this operating environment has continue to put substantial pressure on expense management and a lot of the easy first steps are all behind us in terms of expense management and really what were doing now is having to sort of transform how you do business. And if you look at the investments, weve made in a lot of our digital channels, investments weve made in sort of re-tooling our branches and how we operate out of our branches, we are really at this point in time having to really challenge ourselves on how we go to market in certain parts of the company. And as David said using technology to make those people more efficient and more effective. So the answer to your question, easy expense saves along mind has have been for a while. And so the things were doing now are much more transformative, interesting take a little more longer to execute, but at this juncture you really have to look at how you do business, rather than just trying to look at normal inefficiencies and process.
Michael Rose: Okay, thats helpful. And then maybe just one more for Barbara on energy, I appreciate the guidance around charge-offs for energy reiteration that you provided. What would cause you to be kind of at the lower end of your range and then what sort of variables would cause you to be at the upper end of that $75 million.
Barbara Godin: Yes, Michael, its clearly oil prices, where they sit right now generally around that $50 area that provides some stabilization, but we honestly dont believe that things will really move in the right direction, until we get somewhere in the $60 a barrel range, give or take. But if they stay at $50 we do see stabilization in our metrics. If they go down into again you saw our guidance of sub-$30 we would expect significant increases i.e., being an additional $100 million, but if oil got down into the $30 a barrel range as well we would also see some upward pressure on all of our credit metrics and in our charge-offs as well. And by the way, just for some more color on the energy charge-offs that we did have this quarter of the $6 million that we had roughly $1.5 million was coal. So year-to-date, weve had $23 million in energy charge-offs and of that approximately $9.5 million, $10 million is related to the coal portion of our book as well.
Michael Rose: Its very helpful, thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Geoffrey.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello, thank you, thank you for taking the question. In your prepaid remarks I think you mentioned examining strategic alternatives to increase revenues or reduce expenses, I wonder if you could elaborate on what you were referring to about?
David Turner: So, when we talk about strategy it would be the thing like we saw yesterday with our announcement of First Sterling continuing to make any type of investments that are helping us to serve our customers to give us more fulsome offering to our customer base as we seek to meet their need. There are other investments that we seek to make we talked a little bit about leveraging technology to help us from a cost standpoint overtime. So we are looking at different technologies to help us look at process improvement to help us where we might be able to get a better answer to take labor out and improve our internal control structure for making those type of technology investments. So, those were kind of the ideas we had. 
Grayson Hall: Yes, as we really believe the best strategy for us at this point in time is to really focus on executing our plans, we got plans that allow us to continue to improve the fundamentals of the company. If you look at the fundamentals, the fundamentals are posting up some very good numbers in particular on the consumer side of our house, but really across the board.  And so, that focus on execution is a key point of what we are do. And the other side is innovation, I think in this market you got to be able to execute, which is also you got to be able to innovate. And were spending an awful lot of time trying to figure out how we innovate in a way that better serve our customers and does in a way that creates greater efficiency in the way we operate. So, I think that we got a number of good strategic moves that we are making that will help improve the overall performance of the company.
Geoffrey Elliott: So it sounds like the focus is more around bolt-on acquisitions, why you think you can do something to improve efficiency rather than selling businesses, which you look out and you dont think fit anymore?
David Turner: Yes, I think actually what weve done thus far that youve seen our advancements on things like our [indiscernible] initiative, [indiscernible]. We do challenge ourselves on our businesses and to ensure that they are seeking appropriate return -- risk adjusted return on the business and when we have a business that cant help us meet our return hurdles and or dont serve a customer than well challenge ourselves on that. But right now its been investments to really help us grow and diversify our revenue and that diversification is moving a little bit away from NII to NIR its moving geographically, its diversifying in products and services that we offer to give us a little more balance in terms of how we generate revenue and earnings for our shareholders.
Geoffrey Elliott: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jill Shea of Credit Suisse. 
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Jill.
Jill Shea: Good morning. So, maybe just one fees you are on pace to grow fee income by more than 6% this year and you had some nice growth across capital markets card and wealth, can you just speak to some of the momentum that you are seeing in your fee income the remainder of this year and into next?
Grayson Hall: Yes I mean, I will ask John Owen to sort of talk about some of our fee raised businesses and some of our growth rates we are seeing there. So a very encouraging story.
John Owen: Sure, thanks Grayson. Good morning everyone. As Grayson said we are seeing steady improvement in our consumer business. If you look at our look at our account growth standpoint we grow checking accounts about 2.5%, debit card growth of about 4% year-over-year, credit card growth of about 12% year-over-year and are now banking customer account growth about 14%. The other point I would make is utilization on debit cards both total transactions and spend is up as well on card so those are driving a lot of our increases.
Grayson Hall: Thank you.
Jill Shea: And then maybe just any color on capital markets and wealth and some of the momentum you are seeing there?
John M. Turner, Jr. : Sure, this is John Turner. We are continuing to build out our debt capital markets platform and doing that across a number of different products and capabilities. So what youve seen as we have grown capital markets revenue significantly over the last two years is the introduction of some of those products and capabilities. We had a very nice third quarter largely built on the M&A advisory revenue that we generated. We also had a pretty good quarter in real estate permanent placements particularly through our Fannie DUS license. We expect to continue to see that kind of growth going forward as we continue to leverage these new capabilities. We're excited about the acquisition of the First Sterling businesses, the community investment capital business is one that's been very important to us. We decided that we wanted to grow that business strategically two years ago we set out to find syndication platform that would help us build out some distribution capabilities that we didn't have.  And so again that's another product capability that we have that will allow us to meet customer needs, grow revenue in a more diverse and balanced way. And we expect to see again nice growth in capital markets into 2017 as we leverage more of these capabilities.
Grayson Hall: Thank you 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities. 
Grayson Hall : Good morning, Matt. 
Matt Burnell: Good morning, Grayson. Thanks for taking my question. First on margin, I thought I heard David mentioned something about some loan repricing efforts that that you've been able to pass through. I'm curious if there is more of that to come and what the benefit might be going forward? And then I guess in a related question for David how do you think a 25 basis point hike if we're lucky enough to get it in December would benefit Q1 margin? Last year it was about five basis point benefit quarter-over-quarter on an adjusted basis. Should we see something similar in the first quarter if we were to get the 25 basis points?
David Turner: Yes so I'll start with your second question first and I think when you look at 25 basis points to see where were positioned you probably for the year in that $15 million to $20 million range. So your number is not too far off for the first quarter. I would tell you as we think about the returns improving our returns that's not just the pricing issue only. It's really the relationship, it's trying to get the relationship return which can include credit but it's going to include all the other products and services that we offer to that customer. And so we certainly are looking at things that have a credit only relationship that have a sub-optimal return for us. And those are the ones we want to try and get the relationship get our price improve, get our returns better or recycling and leveraging that capital into another option or another alternative. So I think overtime what you ought to see is we should have some positive impacts to margin the pace of which is really dependent on how we change this whole relationship and whether it's credit related or product and service driven.
Grayson Hall : I would just add as we look at yields going on spreads our LIBOR did improve during the quarter more importantly though as David talks about I think youre seeing as a growth in fee revenue or growth in deposits. All because of our focus on relationship returns and just to underscore the work that's been done talk about our corporate banking portfolio particularly the shared national credit book and our desire to improve returns in that business. We actually exited almost $2 billion worth of credit in the first nine months of the year. We reallocated that capital back into new relationships and existing relationships and in doing that we increased the revenue per relationship over 50% and the risk adjusted returns in the business for almost 250 basis points. So we are seeing that activity really begin to have an impact. It will take some time to see it in the P&L but we believe that it is occurring and it's the right approach.
David Turner: And Matt I'll add this is David. In terms of kind of margin expectations I try to put it in the prepared comments, we had a couple of things that were fairly unusual in the fourth quarter that pushed our margin down to the 306 that we think rebounds a bit in that 309 range give or take. There are a lot of things that can move, but based on the best evidence we have today, we'd be in that range, I give you about $11 million of NII that was a bit different for the quarter that we think help to give you some stability in terms of NII and resulting margin for the fourth quarter. 
Matt Burnell: Sure, no that makes sense David. Thank you for the color. And actually your comments earlier about the repricing and relationship are a nice segue into my final question. Specific to the capital markets business, how far along are you relative to where you'd ultimately like to get in terms of cross-selling those investment banking capital markets products into your corporate middle market credit customer base.
John M. Turner, Jr. : Yes this John Turner. I'd say we're probably 70% along in developing 70% to 75% developing the product capabilities that we'd like to have in our debt capital market business. And maybe 20% to 25% along in terms of really capturing what we think is the opportunity within the business. Today about 24% of our total revenue in the corporate banking business is non-interest revenue and we'd like to see that number improve to 40% plus overtime which means we've effectively got to double the business. And we think that there is a visibility to get there it will take a while, but we see the opportunity clearly.
Matt Burnell: Thanks for answering my questions.
John M. Turner, Jr. : Sure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Grayson Hall: Hey, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hey guys, good morning. Just one quick follow up on credit, you talked about the quality of the book improving overtime as you remix. This quarter we still saw your ability with the energy improvement to release some reserves and the overall reserve loans ratio still quite high versus almost all peers at 14. So just can you talk about philosophically overtime with that change in the mix of the business, did we see that reserve to loans ratio continue to come down and as credit continues to prove on energy is there more room to still be releasing as we continue to see the improvements on the resi side as much as the potential improvements in energy? Thanks guys.
Barbara Godin: Yes Ken it's Barb. And so as we book loans, book new loans are always going to have a provision associated with those. So I will put that as a positive to increase the provision. On the other side as our book continues to get better and our ratings improve on all of these credits, we also have the opportunity then again to reduce our overall provision on these. So net-net overtime if we're suggesting that we're going to have a book that's stable to some continued improvement. And you should see some stability in the provision to improving. And again a lot of that still will be driven by energy, you saw that this quarter. So as the number of energy credits got much better we were able to reduce our overall level of provision up to $350 million in that book. And we'll continue to review that book every quarter as we move through the next several quarters to see how that impacts our overall numbers.
Ken Usdin: To follow-up, do you expect that the new stuff that you're adding on the consumer side is that higher loss rate content and does any change in your kind of philosophical like what youre through the cycle loss rate should be? I understand there is a lot of current things that are plus and minus underneath.
Barbara Godin: Yes our overall philosophical weve stated 75 basis points of loss to the cycle. We still believe that that's the right number consumer book was heavily weighted towards real estate and again real estate tracking in those low double-digit numbers in terms of losses. But also doesn't give you the returns of some of the other products that we're looking at do give us. So the answer is yes, we will see some increased credit cost on a consumer side. Although we think again theyre going to be quite manageable. We do have limits and concentrations on any of those new initiatives that we do.
Ken Usdin: Okay thanks a lot Barb. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Eads of UBS.
Grayson Hall: Hey, David. 
David Eads: Good morning or slightly afternoon now. Let me just follow-up for Barb, can you give a little bit of color about what you're seeing in the oilfield services portfolio? It looks like youve had some declines in balances and commitment but you had a tick up in criticize. I mean is it one of these with that portfolio really is the only part that you're really worried about here and that improvements elsewhere are more than offsetting some continued kind of headwinds there? 
Barbara Godin: Yes I think you're correct. I think on the E&P side of our book that generally what we've seen is certainly some stabilization especially with prices where they are per barrel of oil. We have talked about in prior quarters that the oilfield services portion of our book will lag in terms of recovery to the E&P portion of our book and we're seeing that. And that's the reason we're continuing to guide between now and the end of next year we believe our total overall losses will be somewhere in that $50 million to $75 million potential total range. We are seeing that oilfield services here and there the stock is where we're seeing that they are getting back to work. But again that is as we said going to take I think the rest of 2017 for that to work itself out.
David Eads: All right. And then you made some comments earlier about multi-family and some of the medical care facilities going back from those. And just want to get read is that more about fitting concentration limits and wanting to be disciplined on that front as oppose to seeing any kind of specific signs that are worrying on that kind of excluding some of the comments you made about Houston energy related locations where you're seeing some downgrades this quarter.
Barbara Godin: You're exactly right. We do have the very disciplined concentration methodology. We learned a lot coming out of the last crisis and what we learned is diversification of our book and concentration limit management is paramount to having a good solid prudent book. And so as we've come up on some of our concentration limits, we've work very closely with in particular John Turner and his team to again recycle capital, but also stay well within those concentration limits. And again that's the reason for the commentary on that. The same thing with our medical office buildings.
David Eads: Great, thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Grayson Hall : Good afternoon, Marty. 
Marty Mosby: Hey, thanks. I got two bigger kind of strategic questions. As you look at Barb talking about your through the cycle losses. You always spend a lot of time derisking, offloading what could be some of more troublesome loans. It really overtime to get the benefit from that. I think you're seeing that with lower losses now. But she said also see with less volatility when we get in that downdraft. I think communicating and talking about the benefits of the derisking are going to be very important for Regions. Just your thought on as you keep saying 75 basis points the benefits of derisking and how you can see it materialize overtime?
Barbara Godin: Right, thank you for those comments and you're absolutely right. We have spent a lot of time on the derisking as heard about derisking as you know in the real estate book. What we wanted to do is as we thought about how do we rerisk our portfolio that we do it with assets and we do with portfolio that are much less volatile and back to again that we do it within our concentration limits so that we don't get outside in anyone area in anyone product and sticking to that discipline. The other challenge that you have when you derisk a book and by derisking you sell a lot of the assets as you don't enjoy the recovery stream after whereas if you instead manage a book that is prudent and less volatile where you do have losses, you do also anticipate a benefit and also having future recoveries. So there is a lot of benefits to making sure that we stay within a pretty tight date on what we're doing.
Grayson Hall: Because Marty we really are trying to make sure that we are not only diversifying, but we are remixing our loan portfolio to have it be a better performing asset through the cycle with reduced volatility exactly to your point. We're trying to be very careful about client selectivity trying to make sure that we understand who were banking and how we're banking them. And were trying to make sure we got a full relationship with that client. And we do believe that there will be points in the cycle where we'll grow less than some peers. But we do believe that what we're doing and diversifying and managing concentration risk will in back reduce the overall operating volatility of our company over a longer period of time.
Marty Mosby: I have seen that and I just think that communicating and materializing how that's going to kind of play forward is going to be important. And then David on the extra $100 million in expense savings, youve been producing 2 to 3 percentage points of operating leverage and actually revenue growth is picking up. So I just want to go back to how you catch it in this environment it almost seem like things weren't improving or you weren't getting revenue growth so you have had to go and dig harder. Are you just finding things as youve gone through like you said redesigning that gave you another $100 million that you can now put on the table? I think the difference between that feeling is pretty important is it desperation or is it no we're just finding more things that we can do more with?
David Turner: Yes Marty I would put it this way. We've been really working with the great set of urgency on efficiency. We know it's important, but we are finding investment opportunities and we know in this environment that we have figured out how to self-fund those investments. We have figured out how we can reduce our expenses to make those investment decisions. And those investment decisions are getting traction now, we are starting to see the benefits of some of the decision weve made in terms of investments you are seeing that very strongly in capital market. But as weve gotten into those process we just come to the conclusion that if this environment persist and weve got to be even better and that we are finding opportunities that will allow us to extend this process early and we believe get our company into a much better position. We do believe that operating leverage is a right metric to look at, we continue to believe were delivering on that. But its going to require both work on both revenues and expense side of the income statement. And so, we cant give up on either one.
Marty Mosby: And then one tactical question, David you had $30 million negative in prepayment write-offs, were getting about half of that back in the fourth quarter, but if rates stay where they are at or at what level do you have to get to get the other $6 million back into your quarterly NII from prepayments going back to where they were in the prior quarter?
David Turner: Yes, I think where we are clearly is beneficial we obviously have seen a lot of volatility though in rates and I think that you are right, we will get a piece of that back naturally because of what thats happened. But I think that its going to be its a little premature to say when we might get that other piece and we need to see what will happen over maybe the next couple of quarters before we can get our previously premium amortization down into the lower 40 range.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Grayson Hall: Good afternoon Erika.
Erika Najarian: Good afternoon. I apologize in advance for prolonging the call on one more expense question. But I just wanted to make sure I understood Davids response to Betsys question correctly. The way it was framed was the core run rate for expenses was 880 to 885 plus potentially a natural growth rate of 2% to 3% should we then on top of that separately think about the $400 million of savings and that $400 million is being used to fund all those investments that youve been talking about for the past hour.
David Turner: So, I think if you look at our kind of core that 880 to 885 is where we are, we do continue to make investments to grow our revenue. So an example will be our release we had yesterday, youll see expenses coming through from that investment in 2017 and none in 2016. And so we are trying figure out how to pay for that by having other saving. So part of that $400 million is compensators for that. We do have built-in natural inflation that we have, salary increases and alike that we try to curtail by insuring that we have the right number of people, the right number the right kinds of the people to manage our business and run our businesses. We are down some 1,200 people. We continue to challenge ourselves on that and we see some of that manifest in the branch consolidations that weve had during the year. So, the question is how do we keep to 880 and 885 is stable to up modestly as we can, while we are making the investments to grow revenue and having things like First Sterling with 12 months worth of expense next year virtually none in 2016. So, does that make sense?
Erika Najarian: It does, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Barker of Piper Jaffray.
Grayson Hall: Afternoon, Kevin.
Kevin Barker: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just one follow-up not to beat the dead horse, follow-up on expenses again, you said youre flat to up modest on a yearly basis, I mean that could be a very wide range going into the fourth quarter. Are you assuming that the run rate is going to be closer to the 880 to 885 range during going into the fourth quarter or is it going to be -- could you see some volatility where that could drive that number lower?
David Turner: No we believe that's our core kind of run rate where we are right now for the fourth quarter is a net 880 to 885.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then when you think about the revenue side when you say its going to be on a yearly basis up around 6% or more than 6% its a run rate closer to $500 million going into the next quarter from $544 million. But it seems like you have a lot of positive commentary around on your momentum on the fee income side. It seems like that number could be up a lot higher than the 6% that you're guiding too. Is there some moving parts there that may cause the number to come down considerably going into the fourth quarter?
David Turner: No we've had we grew just about every category of non-interest revenue. And we're excited about those investments that are paying off that weve paid. So I don't see that the 6% the reason we left there is our initial target at Investor Day was 4% to 6%. We had said wed be in the middle, then we said we'd be at the upper end and now we're giving you guidance that well be over 6%. But that's where we stop and we haven't were letting you draw your own conclusion as to what percentage you want to use over that. But there is nothing that indicates to us that we have any type of major disruption in that trend that you're seeing.
Kevin Barker: Okay, thanks for taking the questions. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Grayson Hall : Good afternoon, Gerard. 
Gerard Cassidy: Good afternoon, Grayson good afternoon, David. Couple of questions for you, David you touched on the premium amortization and how it's going to improve obviously in the next quarter and in earlier question you talked a little bit about maybe getting even better if rates go higher. Can you quantify where rates would have to go the tenure government bond yield that is where the premium amortization would really drop significantly and be a non-factor.
David Turner: So I think if you took the tenure maybe up closure to 2% we might have some meaningful reduction in the premium amortization and thats just an approximate. Because obviously what happens with prepayments, refis and mortgages getting always totally correlated to the tenure. But suffice to say thats a pretty good proxy.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. And then on the other end if we were to see a higher level similar to what we saw this quarter would the tenure need to get closer to 160 or below for that to reoccur?
David Turner: Yes I think that we're coming off of pretty historic lows in the second quarter. And when you look at that that's why we were able to give you maybe that $4 million that we don't think will repeat. But you'd have to be steady in the 150s for the quarter for it to get anywhere close to where it was.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay, great. And then coming back to the capital question, obviously Grayson you talked about using the capital deployment for organic growth and strategic alternatives. And David you pointed out that you're comfortable with a CET 1 ratio at 9.5%, if the NPR turns into an actual regulation about the qualitative portion of CCAR you're not going to have to go through it anymore. Would you guys consider doing an accelerated share repurchase agreement in the next CCAR exam or a Dutch tender offer to really pull out a lot of excess capital to bring you down closer to your 9.5% and obviously the ROE would go higher?
Grayson Hall : I'll let David add to this. But we do believe that the proposed rules are constructive and give us more certainly. And we do believe that given the risk profile of our company today as we run through CCAR that given the current mix that we think were in that sort of 9.5% range as David said. Obviously we're trying to improve the mix of our portfolio that will change some of our metrics if we're successful in that regard. But the rules that are proposed give us more certainty, but we still it's our responsibility to manage capital and do that prudently and thoughtfully. And assuming the rules get approved in somewhat similar fashion as they stand today. I think it is constructive for our bank and constructive in general for a lot of regional banks and will give us more flexibility. All that being said is we're still sometime away from those strong deliberations that go into our submission. And so it's premature for us to comment on what we might or might not do in that regard. But it's a possibility.
David Turner: So Gerard I would tell you it's really important that this 9.5% that's our number, thats our loss forecasting that's the way we go about measuring the kind of capital we need to have. We're not interested in pushing ourselves to the point we have a quantitative failure, and ask for a mulligan [ph] and all those kinds of things. I think its important that we have a capital planning process, with the appropriate governance I am talking about the Board review that helps us establish capital based on the risk in our company. Today, we think that risk would indicate 9.5% common equity Tier 1 number. We are evaluating as Grayson mentioned, how we might change that risk profile to help us get the appropriate amount of capital that we have to keep. Now your question really is fine youre at 9.5%, you are at 11% you got to get 9.5%, how quick was the pace of change assuming the NPR turns in exactly as it is, and I think that's a great question. Were going to have a lot of thought put into that, especially after learning what we did last year from CCAR submissions. But I do think we need to be real careful about indicating this as some form of panacea, I do think that we need to be prudent, very careful of how we manage this capital because we have other players, we have shareholders, we have other third parties that are looking at how we think about capital too. So being very thoughtful about it, and looking at that pace, we want to go at the pace thats fairly and reasonable for all interested parties. And so a lot of work needs to be done.
Gerard Cassidy: Gentlemen, thank you for your insights there, appreciate it. 
David Turner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Juneja of J.P. Morgan.
Grayson Hall: Good afternoon, Vivek. 
Vivek Juneja: Thanks. Let me just follow-up on that capital discussion a little bit with both of you. David, to your point about, yes its going to take time obviously to go from 11% to 9.5% and Grayson, youve been doing the bolt-on acquisition, but they have not really used up that much capital and youve done a bunch of these, given how much youre generating. So as you look into 2017 and I recognize you cant do this right now, but looking to something where do other uses of capital, how would prioritize them? Returning more than 100% versus say bank acquisitions?
David Turner: Yes, so Vivek youre bringing up a good point in terms of capital deployment, lets go through that how we think about it. First and foremost is organic growth, but as organic growth on things that add to the return hurdle that were trying to get to which is growing to 12% to 14% return on tangible common equity. So what we laid at Investor Day is where we are today. Were going to update that in December. So to the extent thats not there, and we continue to generate capital that were not utilizing having an appropriate dividend that we have is important to us, bolt-on acquisitions it help. Youre right, they dont have a tendency to use a lot of capital. And then outside of that returning it to the shareholders and exceeding 100% payout ratio has been done. I think thats a learning that we picked this past year and we would consider that as well. You mentioned bank acquisitions, when you look at valuation for us, right now we have our CRA issue that we hope gets cleared up, but we really have to get those two things dealt with before we can really start looking at it from a valuation standpoint and that is isnt very supportive of that at this juncture.
Grayson Hall: And even then I think weve been pretty clear, I mean were very interested in non-bank bolt-on acquisitions, weve active in that they will come at times when bank related bolt-on acquisitions matter, will be of interest when valuations improve and I think that we look at that and we try to understand that. I think that right now, thats just not our primary focus for -- as David mentioned for a couple of reasons as well as others. And so our focus on organic growth, our focus on improving the fundamentals of our company and our focus on bolt-on acquisitions that while they dont consume a lot of capital. They also dont add a lot of risk to our company that its the integration, the synergies that we create, we got the ability to do that, were pretty good at it. We think we could continue to do that. Hopefully, overtime we can even increase the pace of this kind of activity. When it does its a very manageable risk profile when we executed this way. Larger acquisitions obviously have a very different risk profile. And right now we're just focused on building a very sustainable franchise value for our shareholders.
David Turner: I kind of had one other thing I should have mentioned is we do as we think about our 12% to 14% target in terms of return on tangible common equity. We're working on the numerators as weve just talked about for a little over hour and half. But also managing the denominator in terms of our capital base and getting to our target is important in that calculation. So I think we're all we get the message and as the pace as back to Gerards question the pace of how we get there just needs to be done in a responsible manner. And we need a little more time to think how that might look.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. I have a small one for Barb, thank you for that. And Barb what was the NPL ratio on energy loans last quarter? Your slide had 12% what is it this quarter?
Barbara Godin: Give me a second, 13%. Thank you. 
Vivek Juneja: Okay. That was with the addition of those five NPLs?
Barbara Godin: Thats right.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, great thanks. Thank you. 
Operator: We have time to one more question. Your final question comes from the line of Christopher Marinac of FIG Partners Research. 
Christopher Marinac: Thanks, good afternoon. I guess just kind of going back to part of what Gerard was asking about. Do you think given the changes on the margin a positive and expenses also a positive heading into the near future. Should we be pay more attention to return on tangible equity or returned assets, which would be more appropriate to kind gauge the progress with Regions?
David Turner: Well so we look at both. We do when you kind of look at the regress the return on tangible common the stock price and valuation is pretty tight correlation. So we have the tendency to focus on return on tangible common. It also forces us to make sure we have an appropriate capital base for our business model. So while ROA is important you'll see businesses and peers that have more revenue generated from non-balance sheets non-assets always have a higher ROA. But I think that whether rubber meets the road is really returns on the capital.
Grayson Hall: I'd add to that I think also we monitor pretty gross the growth in the absolute value of tangible common equity not just the return, but how much of our tangible common equity is improving.
Christopher Marinac: Great, guys. Thank you very much we appreciate it. 
Grayson Hall: Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I will now turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Grayson Hall: No further remarks. Just want to thank you for your time and your participation and your comments, questions. Thank you we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dana Nolan - IR Grayson Hall - CEO David Turner - CFO Barbara Godin - Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Ken Usdin - Jefferies David Eads - UBS Stephen Scouten - Sandler O'Neill Michael Rose - Raymond James Erika Najarian - Bank of America John Pancari - Evercore ISI Paul Miller - FBR and Company Matt O'Conner - Deutsche Bank Vivek Juneja - J.P. Morgan Gerard Cassidy - RBC Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners
Presentation:
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation quarterly earnings call. My name is Paula and I'll be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants online have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Ms. Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Regions second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Participating on the call are Grayson Hall, Chief Executive Officer and David Turner, Chief Financial Officer. Other members of senior management are also present and available to answer questions. A copy of the slide presentation we will reference throughout this call as well as our earnings release and earnings supplement are available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. I'd also like to caution you that we may make forward looking statements during today's call that are subject to risk and uncertainties. Factors that may cause actual results to defer materially from expectations are detailed in our SEC filings including the form 8-K filed today containing our earnings release. I will now turn the call over to Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Second quarter results reflect continued momentum in 2016 and demonstrate that we are successfully executing on our strategic priorities. We are pleased by our continued progress despite a challenging and somewhat volatile economic backdrop. For the second quarter, we reported earnings available to common shareholders of $259 million and earnings per share of $0.20. We continue to deliver results in areas we believe are fundamental to future income growth. We expanded our customer base as we grew checking accounts, households, credit cards and wealth relationships. Our approach to relationship banking and customer service is excellence is instrumental to our success and we are always pleased to receive external recognition in these efforts. In that regard the Reputation Institute and The American Banker magazine recently ranked Regions as the most reputable U.S. bank overall and for the second consecutive year, the most reputable among customers. We are honored to again receive this top ranking as it recognized the efforts from all Regions associates in identifying and meeting the needs of our customers and communities we serve. Another outstanding recognition came from Temkin Group which ranked Regions among the top 10% of companies they rated in 2016 as we ranked second in the nation for online experience. Looking further at our results we achieved total average loan growth of 4% compared to the prior year, despite market uncertainty the overall health of the consumer remains a bright spot. To that end consumer loans increased 5% year-over-year with loan balances up in every asset category and our consumer credit metrics continue to improve. Consumer net charge offs decreased [ph] 5% from the second quarter last year, non-accrual consumer loans decreased 16%, delinquencies decreased 5% and troubled debt restructured loans decreased 4%, active credit cards increased 12% year-over-year, all active debit cards increased 4%. Total transactions owned cards increased 6% and total spend is up 5%. Further average consumer deposits were up 3% year-over-year including savings deposits were up 9%. Turning to business lending, average loans increased 3% over the prior year. As we indicated last quarter we are experiencing some softness in our commercial lending pipelines, still strong but soft. In some areas customer sentiment continues to reflect less optimism and more uncertainty in the economy and we have yet to see small business owners really return to market with confidence to invest and expand. We are also exercising caution and discipline as we approach internal concentration risk lending limits with certain segments and certain geographies and as we highlighted recently at Investor Day we continue to strengthen our loan portfolio in our focus on migrating credit only relationships recycling that capital into more profitable and deeper relationship that resulted in better portfolio overall. As a result, and as previously disclosed we expect to attract towards the lower end on a 3% to 5% average loan growth for 2016. Despite softer business loan demand total adjusted revenue increased 4% over the second quarter of 2015 reflecting the effective execution of our strategic plan to grow and diversify our revenue. Our investments are clearly paying off as capital markets increased 41% and wealth management increased 6% on a year-over-year basis. With respect to market conditions, the global and macroeconomic environment does remain challenging as such it's critical in this operating environment that we focus on what we can control. To that end we remain committed and focused on discipline, expense management and are on pace to achieve our 2016 efficiency and operating goals. For the first six months of 2016 our adjusted efficiency ratio was 62.3% and we have generated 4% positive operating leverage on adjusted basis. With respect to energy lending, while our oil -- oil prices have improved, lower prices continue to create challenges for certain industry sectors while benefitting others. On a point-to-point basis our directly energy loans have declined $324 million, are 12% from the first quarter and currently stand at $2.4 billion or 2.9% of total loans. Additionally, we continue to maintain appropriate energy reserves which now stand at 9.4% of our direct energy exposure, up from 8% last quarter. The percentage increase is primarily due to the decline in direct energy loan balances. Further, we are substantially complete with our spring redetermination which as to date resulted in a 22% decline in customer borrowing bases. Turning to capital deployment, we successfully completed the annual comprehensive capital analysis interview process or CCAR and received no objection to our planned capital actions. As in last week, our Board of Directors approved a $0.065 on common shares and $640 million share repurchase plan. We remain committed as a team to deploying our capital effectively through organic growth and strategic initiatives that increase revenue or reduce ongoing expenses while returning an appropriate amount of capital generated to our shareholders. In closing, our second quarter results reflect the successful execution of our strategic priorities and our continued commitment to our three primary initiatives which are rolling and diversifying our revenue streams, practice disciplined expense management and effectively deploy our capital. These are all integral to our success and we remain on track to deliver our performance target. With that I will turn it over to David who will cover the details for the second quarter.
David Turner: Thank you and good morning everyone. Let's get started with the balance sheet and a recap of loan growth. Average loan balances totaled $82 billion in the second quarter, up 1% from the previous quarter. Consumer lending had another strong quarter as almost every category experienced growth and total production increased 20%. Average consumer loan balances were $31 billion, an increase of $303 million or 1% over the prior quarter. This growth was led by mortgage lending and balances increased $162 million linked quarter reflecting a 49% seasonal increase in production. Indirect auto lending increased $93 million and production increased 4% during the quarter as we continue to focus on growing our preferred dealer network. Other indirect lending which includes point-of-sale initiatives increased $87 million linked quarter or 15%. Turning to the credit card portfolio, average balances increased $16 million from the previous quarter and our penetration into our existing deposit customer base increased to 17.7%, an improvement of 20 basis points. Total home equity balances decreased $87 million from the previous quarter as the pace of runoff exceeded production. As Grayson mentioned, we continue to experience softer pipelines in the commercial space. As a result total business lending average balances were relatively stable with the previous quarter. Average commercial loans grew $178 million linked quarter inclusive of a $64 million decline in average direct energy loans. The net increase in average commercial loans was driven by corporate banking as our specialized industry segments added new relationships within technology and defense and financial services and commitments in line utilization were relatively flat with previous quarter. Let's take look at deposits, total average deposit balances decreased $253 million from the previous quarter. Deposit costs remained near historically low levels at 12 basis points reflecting the strength of our deposit base and total funding cost continued to remain low, totaling 29 basis points in the second quarter. With respect to deposits, loan growth expectations provided the opportunity to accelerate our planned reduction of certain deposits within our wealth management and corporate segments which contributed to the overall decline in deposit balances. Within wealth management certain trust customer deposits which require collateralization by securities were moved into other fee income producing customer investments. Average deposits in the consumer segment increased $1.2 billion or 2% from the previous quarter reflecting the strength of our retail franchise, the overall health of the consumer and our ability to grow low cost deposits. Our liquidity position remains solid with the historically low loan to deposit ratio of 84%. Let's see how this all impacted our results. Net interest income and other financing income on our fully taxable basis was $869 million, decreasing 2% from the first quarter but up 4% compared to the prior year. The resulting net interest margin for the quarter was 3.15%. As you recall the first quarter benefited from items that were not expected to repeat which partially contributed to the linked quarter declines in net interest income and other financing income as well as the net interest margin. Recent long term debt issuances, lower loan fees and less favorable credit related interest recoveries along with reduced dividends from training assets that benefited the first quarter were the primary drivers behind the linked quarter decrease. Now these were partially offset by higher loan balances. Noninterest income growth was strong in the second quarter reflecting our deliberate efforts to grow and diversify noninterest revenue. Total noninterest income increased 2% on an adjusted basis from the first quarter driven by growth in service charges, mortgage income and card and ATM fees.  Service charges increased 4% in the second quarter reflecting the benefit of 2% growth year-to-date in checking accounts again, highlighting the strength of our retail franchise. Mortgage income increased 21% driven by a seasonal increase in production. Of note within total mortgage production 75% related to purchase activity and 25% related to refinancing. Additionally, during the quarter we entered into an agreement to purchase mortgage servicing rights on a flow basis. As a result we expect the purchase to rights [ph] to service approximately $40 million to $50 million of mortgage loans per month on a go forward basis. Card and ATM income increased 4% during the quarter driven by 1% increase in active debit cards and an 8% increase in transaction volume. We had another good quarter in capital markets with increased fees from merger and acquisition advisory services. Linked quarter results declined 7% relative to the prior quarters strong results, the decline was primarily due to reductions in fees generated from the placement, the permanent financing for real estate customers and syndicated loan transactions which were especially strong in the first quarter. Wealth management income decreased 3% primarily due to seasonal decreases in insurance income. This decrease was partially offset by increased investment management [indiscernible] fees. Importantly despite our reduction in the wealth managements deposits total assets under administration increased 2% quarter-over-quarter. Noninterest income was also impacted by market value adjustments related to assets held for certain employee benefits which increased $20 million compared to the first quarter, however this has offset salaries and benefits with no impact to pretax income. Bank owned life insurance decreased this quarter primarily due to $14 million in claims benefits and a gain from an exchange of policies recognized in the first quarter. Let's move on to expenses. On an adjusted basis expenses totaled $889 million representing a 5.5% increase quarter over quarter. During the second quarter of 2016 we incurred $22 million of property related expenses in connection with the consolidation of approximately 60 branches as well as other occupancy optimization initiatives. These branches are expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016. Including these 60 branches Regions has announced the consolidation of approximately 90 branches as part of the company's previously disclosed plans to consolidate 100 to 150 branches through 2018 and we continue to expect to be at the higher end of the range. Total salaries and benefits increased $5 million from the first quarter and as previously noted includes $20 million in additional expense related to market value adjustments associated with asset held for certain employee benefits which are offset in other noninterest income as I mentioned. In addition, severance related expenses declined by $11 million quarter-over-quarter. Excluding the impact of the market value adjustments and severance charges, total salaries and benefits would have declined compared to the first quarter. Year-to-date staffing levels have declined 4% serving to lower base salaries and fully offset the impact of the annual merit increase. Professional and legal expenses increased $8 million, primarily due to $3 million in lieu and regulatory charges incurred during the second quarter related to the pending settlement of previously disclosed matters, as well as the impact of the $7 million favorable legal settlement recognized in the first quarter. FDIC insurance assessments decreased $8 million from the previous quarter, primarily due to a $6 million refund related to overpayments in prior periods. As previously disclosed we expect FDIC insurance assessments to increase by approximately $5 million on a quarterly basis associated with the FDIC surcharge, and we anticipate this will be implemented in the third quarter resulting in a quarterly FDIC run rate in the $27 million to $30 million range. Other expenses increased $25 million including an $11 million increase to the company's reserve for unfunded commitments as well as $9 million of credit related charges associated with other real estate and held for sale loans. Our adjusted efficiency ratio was 64% in the second quarter and 62.3% year-to-date. As Grayson mentioned in this uncertain market environment we are focused on what we can control and to that end disciplined expense management is paramount. Our plan to eliminate $300 million in core expenses through 2018 is well underway. We're also evaluating opportunities to pull forward some of the identified savings as well as challenging our team to thoughtfully identify additional expense eliminations beyond the $300 million previously announced. Let's move onto asset quality. Total net charge offs increased $4 million to $72 million and represented 35 basis points of average loans. The provision for loan loss essentially matched charge offs in the quarter and our allowance for loan loss as a percent of total loans remains unchanged at 1.41%. Total non-accrual loans excluding loans held for sale increased 3% from the first quarter and troubled debt restructured loans or TDRs increased 4%. Total business services criticized loans increased 1%. These increase reflect global market uncertainty and a strength of the U.S. Dollar along with continued volatility in commodity prices. At quarter end of our loan loss allowance to non-accrual loans or coverage ratio was 112%. We continue to see credit improvement within the consumer portfolio as net charge offs decreased 24% from the prior quarter. Additionally, consumer TERs improved link quarter while total delinquencies remained relatively stable. Within business services, we experienced $17 million worth of net charge offs within the energy portfolio during the quarter. Approximately half were attributable to Oil & Gas and half were attributable to coal. While oil prices have recently traded around $50 per barrel and are showing signs of stabilization, uncertainty remains. Should prices fall and consistently trade in the $35 to $45 range we expect additional losses between $50 million and $75 million. However, the time frame for these losses now extend through 2017 as we expect resolution will take longer for certain customers in the portfolio. And should oil prices average below the $25 per barrel through the end of 2017 we would expect incremental losses of $100 million. In addition, weakness in energy, mining and metals and agriculture continues to put some pressure on certain commercial durable goods companies. We also continue to monitor investor real estate in energy related markets. We continue to believe our total allowance for loan losses is adequate to cover inherent losses in these portfolios. Now given where we are in the credit cycle and fluctuating commodity prices, volatility in certain credit metrics can be expected especially if related to larger dollar commercial credits. Lets move on to Capital and Liquidity. During the second quarter, we returned $258 million to shareholders including the repurchase of $179 million of common stock and $79 million in dividends completing our 2015 CCAR capital plan. As Grayson mentioned, we successfully completed our 2016 CCAR process and received no objection to our planned capital actions. And last week our Board of Directors approved a $0.065 quarterly dividend on common shares and a $620 million share repurchase plan and under Basel III the Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 11.6% and the common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 10.9%. On a fully phased-in basis common equity Tier 1 was estimated at 10.7% well above current regulatory minimums. So let me provide you an overview of our current expectations for the remainder of 2016. We continue to expect total loan growth in the 3% to 5% on an average basis relative to the fourth quarter of 2015 and given current softer pipelines in the commercial space, we expect to track towards the lower end of that range. Regarding deposits, softer loan growth expectations coupled with a strategic reduction of certain deposits within our wealth management corporate banking segments will result in total average deposits remaining relatively stable with fourth quarter 2015 average balances. Our expectation for net interest income and other financing income remains unchanged, assuming no rate increases for the remainder of the 2016, we expect to be at the midpoint of our 2% to 4% range. As result of our investments, we continue to expect to grow adjusted non-interest income in the 4% to 6% range on a full year basis and given our year-to-date performance we would expect to be at the higher end of that range. Our plan to eliminate $300 million of core expenses is on track and we continue to expect to achieve 35% to 45% in 2016. Therefore total adjusted non-interest expenses in 2016 are expected to be flat to up modestly from 2015. We also expect to achieve a full year adjusted efficiency ratio of less than 63% and adjusted positive operating leverage in the 2% to 4% range in 2016. Full year net charge-offs should be in the 25 to 35 basis point range and given the volatility and uncertainty in the energy sector, we continue to expect to be at the top end of that range. So in closing, we are pleased with our second quarter performance and we believe our results demonstrate that we're effectively executing our strategic plan in the context of a difficult operating environment. We look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the remainder of the year as we continue to build sustainable franchised value. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning and I will turn the call back over to Dana for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, David. Before we begin the Q&A session of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one primary and one follow-up in order to accommodate as many participants as possible. We will now open the lines for question.
Operator: This floor is now open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Marty Mosby: I want to ask a question about the other expenses, not that they were unusual but there was some credit related to the unfunded commitment as well as some other credit related expenses, I looked about $20 million higher than a run rate, just wondered if that was something that elevated that this particular quarter?
David Turner: Yes, Marty, this is David. So from the time-to-time, we'll have some credits that go sideways on us, this particular quarter we had really one large credit in the unfunded commitment that caused $11 million increase there and the charge for that we run through non-interest expense, and you'll see over quarters the volatility that can have, pluses and minuses, we expected that credit would fund in the third quarter, but believed it was important for us to continue to have an unfunded reserve for that today. From an Oreo and Health for sales [ph] standpoint again just a couple of credits that happen to be large and we had some write-downs that we believed needed to take place, so we kept valuation adjustments in total of that $9 million. So you're spot on, between the two there was about $20 million of charge that we had to take during the quarter.
Marty Mosby: But thinking about that and then your tangible book value grows, been created by the 2% or better consistent growth. You know as you're looking premium shareholder value, one of the things that's probably -- what you've been able to de-risk because of just getting credit for the tangible book value growth would be an upward momentum for the overall valuation. So just wanted to see if as you think about where you're at today versus where you were at as it went in the last downturn, what makes Regions different from just a risk profile, so significant changes its been able to address that should at least make investors comfortable with tangible book value.
David Turner: Sure, so I mean weve -- over the past six years we've made a lot of changes and people and process, content of our whole balance sheet has changed dramatically. The most obvious one is the decline in investor real estate which represented almost 30% of our loan portfolio at one time. Today it's about at, call it 9% -- right at 9%. The credit discipline that we have with regards to how we approach business is very different and you know we feel good, we have our hands around our loan portfolio, energy has been a challenge for our industry and those of us that participate in it, but our concentration risk management program that we have in place has reduced the impact -- negative impact we've otherwise have had. Being the largest bank headquarters in the Gulf State we have now about 3% of our loan portfolio in energy and we've talked about the reserves, the 9.4% reserves so we believe we have that covered. There's some volatility and uncertainty there, we feel like we're on top of that. As we think about our commitment to continue to grow our cash flow, our PP&R, look at the investments that we've made over time, those investments are paying off as we continue to grow and diversify our revenue stream and we've had a fairly consistent margin if you look at that. And then I'll wrap up with expense management. We have a $300 million target out there, where we said we'd take 35% to 45% of that in the first year, we're on track with where we want to be and I gave you guidance as to where we thought we'd finish the year. So it's very different regions and a very different approach to business and the stability of growth in tangible book value. We've been leveraging our earnings well and returning mid 90% of our capital back to our shareholders in the form of a dividend around 30% of that earnings and you know 60 plus percent in terms of share buyback. So we think we're deploying our capital effectively. So good business, good markets, good customers and executing against the strategic plan that we laid out in October for our board and at investor day.
Marty Mosby: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
Jennifer Demba: Question on your capital markets revenue, what do you think the potential is for this feed line over the next two to three years it's been growing at a rapid pace for a few quarters now?
Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean as David mentioned earlier we continue to see some softness in our wholesale sales pipeline and if you look strategically what we try to do with that business is to build out a lot of the product offerings we have primarily in capital markets and also in treasury management. So that we can generate a very reasonable return on invested capital in that business and the capital markets group is a place that we've made significant investments, we continue to believe that those have been thoughtful and smart investments, we have demonstrated a very strong growth this year, we continue to challenge the team and in terms of what the growth capabilities are of that activity. We're coming from a relatively low base so the percentage is remarkably high, but we have not publicly stated a percentage increase goal, but we do believe strongly and confidently that thats a business that we can continue to grow overtime at an above rate level to other parts of our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott: When I look at the criticized loan balances you're giving overall on Page 8, I see an increase and then when I look at Page 12, just specifically the energy balances I see a decrease. So I wondered if you could elaborate on what's driving the increase outside of energy.
Barbara Godin: Yes, this is Barbara Godin. Energy as you said did go down, we saw some other movements as we look at some of the other areas that we have considered to be a little soft that would be agriculture, some transportation and primary metals. So, we're keeping an eye on that, we're being very cautious. In those categories we're watching them and as we see signs that there is any deterioration, were immediately [ph] moving it into a special mention category and so that's -- that accounts for the increase there.
Geoffrey Elliott: And just a quick follow-up, I didn't catch earlier, but I think you said the non-interest income growth you thought should be at the higher end of the 4% to 6% range? I just wanted to check I heard that right.
David Turner: That's right, just taking kind of where we are today and looking at the investments we've made and whats in the pipeline, we feel that we will most likely be at the higher end of that, we'll give you a better guidance one more quarter out, but we feel confident to be able to lean towards the higher end of the range.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Burnell: David maybe a question to you, just following up on your comments about $300 million cost reduction in the 35% to 40% specifically you're targeting for this year, is it reasonable to assume that the pace of that 35% to 40% reduction will be largely back end loaded or could it be perhaps a bit more evenly spaced over the course of this year?
David Turner: Well, you can have -- we havent placed it in any given quarter, we really are trying to guide more to the full year than any given quarter. You can have at times spikes in expense from one quarter to the next, but we'd rather just stick with the guidance for the full year than -- more expensively [ph] -- flat modestly from 2015.
Matt Burnell: Okay. And then just on the, what sounds like a little bit of softness in the commercial pipelines particularly in CNI are there, outside of energy are there specific industries where you are seeing particular softness or is it more of a broad based greater level of caution on your borrowers part given economic uncertainty?
Grayson Hall: I think where we try to compete is in the lower end of the commercial market and you are seeing a lot of our competitor demonstrate growth, a lot of that growth has been in the higher end of commercial into the corporate space. But, when you look at that middle market CNI customer we are seeing a lower level of demand for lending to support capital spending. I would tell you that in energies, is an obvious place where that has occurred, but you do see it, you do see that spread across a number of different commercial industries as there has been obviously a strengthening of the U.S. dollar and some uncertainty created by a lot of events, both globally and domestically. So I wouldn't say it's limited to one particular industry it seems to be more broad based than that. But yes, if you look at credit quality, commercial is still very good. We've had a really good experience now for several quarters in a row. We still expect it to be good, but it's modestly slow, modestly weaker than what we saw a quarter ago and at the same time were just not seeing the new and renewed production that we were seeing this time last year.
Matt Burnell: Okay. That's helpful. And David may be just another quick one for you, in terms of the bank-owned life insurance numbers, you mentioned one of the -- couple of reasons why that had moved around over the last couple of quarters. Guess Im just trying to get level set on what a reasonable run rate would be for the second half of the year.
David Turner: Yes, so the first quarter did benefit from a couple of things. We exchanged the policy into the different product and we always had a plan. Where we are right now is about where you ought to expect that for the rest of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: On net interest income, wanted to just understand, you got the purpose full decline in the whole sale balances, so the balance sheet looks to have shrunk and with the offset being a little bit better NIM. Can you just walk us through how you kind of expect that trade off to go going forward? Do we see not as much growth in earning assets but a lesser decline in the NIM in terms of growing NII?
David Turner: Certainly, from a NIM standpoint we are really trying to growth NII, but NIM will be continued pressure at this rate environment stays where it is and I would expect you can have four to six more points of compressions for the remainder of the year. But as we think about growing NII, we do it from a couple of different spots, one growing earnings assets which is really on the funding side, deposit side and then putting those that growth into -- in good solid loan growth where we can get compensated for the risk that we are taking, where we can get compensated for having a full customer relationship versus just renting out the balance sheet from a credibility standpoint. Its very hard to make money if you're just making loans only. So, we're challenging our teams where we have relationship thats a credit only relationship to figure out how we recycle that capital into a more fulsome relationship with a customer. So, just because we don't have the loan growth doesn't mean we can't continue to grow NII if we execute that program appropriately. So that's kind of how we think about NII going forward.
Ken Usdin: Yeah, and Dave. Go ahead Grayson I am sorry.
Grayson Hall: I would just reiterate, we continue to see solid loan growth opportunities on the consumer side of our balance sheet and we expect that to continue, we dont see a reason at this point in time to not believe that continues and the health of that consumer customers continue to be remarkably strong. Now on the wholesale side, our focus continues to be in the lower end of that commercial middle markets space and we're trying to be much more regress, much more thoughtful and certainly more disciplined at this point in the credit cycle to make sure that what we're putting on our balance sheet make sense, that it has a reasonable return and a full relationship as David said.
Ken Usdin: And my just one follow-up on that David, so you're getting to 3% year-over-year NII growth, Its almost basked in the cake even if you don't grow it sequentially from here, but are you confident though that you still can envision an x-rates growth in NII from the second quarter point?
David Turner: Again we've landed on 3% for the full year and we're working hard to take where we're right now to continue to grow. It's obviously very challenging given the rate environment, whats rolling off versus what's going on flattening of the yield curve. So we have some reinvestment risks with regards to the securities portfolio, but we think if we will execute, we can continue to have some modest growth in NII and again we believe strongly in the 3% growth for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Eads of UBS.
David Eads: Maybe just following up on the last point about the reinvestment risks in AFS [ph] portfolio with the tenure where it is, is there any change to your -- how come you're basically just looking to replay maturities and pay downs at current prices or anything you would look to change on that perspective?
David Turner: We don't have any major change anticipated. We haven't extended integration [ph] in little over three year right now. It's been that way for a while. We don't look to make that change. We have a risk profile in the securities book like we want it to be, so we haven't look for a lot of wholesale changes from basically the mortgage backs that we have there today. So as you're pointing currently the risks versus that reinvestment yield going as tenure continues to have pressure on us, we will put pressure on our return on the securities book, but we don't believe the risk of trying to change that dramatically is worth it to us right now. So you've kind of answered I think your own question.
David Eads: Right, that makes perfect sense and maybe on a related point, it's a good quarter from mortgage revenues and you guys have made a point that it was mostly purchase related, do you have expectations for how that business is going to shape out over the next couple of quarters and whether it gets a little bit more refi heavy and whether I guess revenues can kind of stay in your -- stay high, nearly seasonally high levels for a couple of quarters?
Grayson Hall: I think that we were pleased with the performance of our mortgage claim this quarter, again the mix of business that we placed on the books this quarter about 75% repurchased in about 25% refinanced -- purchased and refinanced. We do expect to have a good third quarter based off what we're seeing today. We have seen a shift in the application volume. I would tell you that instead of being about 75-25 it appears to be shifting more 60-40 in terms of purchase versus refinance, so we should see that shift in this quarter, but think we'll have a good quarter. Traditionally if you look at our numbers, second and third quarter are always our strongest mortgage origination quarters. So absent any change that we don't see today we think we outta have good progress going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Scouten of Sandler O'Neill.
Stephen Scouten: I had a question for you on the previously announced relationship with Avant and where that's at and if there is any changes given kind of their volume cuts and their business or what that's going to look like for you guys moving forward. 
David Turner: Yes, so you know Avant is still in the early stages, we'll launch that in August. So it's premature for us to comment, we think it can be accretive to us over time, but the way we're treating some of these investments that we're making is, we're not taking a lot of risk, we're trying some things, we're seeing what we can learn, we're seeing how we can better serve our existing customer base with these opportunities so we think it'll work for us, but you know again too early to tell, we'll update you as we go through the third quarter and into the fourth.
Grayson Hall: I mean we've been getting a good feedback from our customers on our own line experience and you know we mentioned earlier in the call we've gotten some recent recognition in that regard and ironically we're in the process even as we speak refreshing our own line and mobile experiences for our customers. We're launching that as we speak and then Avant will be in August as David said. We think it's just one more way of trying to provide a better experience for our customers in both the online and mobile channels, but it'll be incremental to what we're doing. Good consumer numbers, I think we were extremely pleased overall with consumer numbers this quarter across all channels, one of the better quarters we've had.
Stephen Scouten: Sounds good, and I guess maybe as a follow up do you have any trepidation on either you know from the standpoint of giving away customer data or losing customer contact in a relationship such as this and also just you mentioned the growth in consumer as a whole, any trepidation there in terms of increasing that exposure and what ultimate losses could be on the consumer side even as I know credit metrics on the consumer side have been good here as of late.
Grayson Hall: I mean well, first of all foundation of our business is built off customer trust, without customer trust our business model doesn't work and so we are very sensitive to anything we do that involves customer data and the privacy of that data, the confidentiality protection of that data. So we have very extensive risk management reviews, our due diligence process is very rigorous and will continue to be. That being said cyber security is an area that we're all challenged with today, but spending an awful lot of resource and time on it, but there's nothing more important to us than the trust of our customers, with their information and their assets.
Operator: Your next question will come from Michael Rose of Raymond James.
Michael Rose: David just one for you, just going back to energy right at this scenario if oil was $35 to $45, but what if were tracking above that into the back half of the year, what would that imply for total losses and maybe any updated commentary into '17?
David Turner: So, we have as you now see reserves of about 9.4%, those reserves are established based in large part due to the risk ratings we assign, they come from our work and our credit teams work and also evaluated by our regulatory supervisors. In terms of what ultimate losses are? We'll have to see if we continue to get stabilization in higher oil price than that reduces are pressure and risk of ultimate charge offs, but I would say that given the volatility that we see in the prices it'd be premature to see how those reserves would come back into income in the short term. I think we need to let that play out over a little longer period of time.
Barbara Godin: This is Barbara, I will say Michael that with oil even at $50 or higher a barrel, that certainly helps the E&P companies first, but the oil field services company they can't delay, so again the reason for us putting out the 50 to 75 between now against next year.
Michael Rose: And maybe just a quick follow-up, the reason that's charged off this quarter, obviously I understand the volatility with oil and the lack of service companies, but is the way to think about that is the provision should match pretty closely to charge offs moving forward?
David Turner: We have a process that we go through, [indiscernible] anything unusual that's a pretty good yes, that being said as credit continues to improve across the board and risk ratings change then you don't have to provide for those losses and that would be the indicator of where the provision could be less in charge offs. We need to let our model run and trying to forecast that out is probably not the best thing for us to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: You had two of your peers give guidance on dollar expenses beyond '16, in fact going out all way out to 2018, in a bid to tell investors that they can support efficiency gains without rates and I'm wondering if we think about 2017, you're guiding that we should enter the year with a base -- a natural expense base of let's say 3.45 billion and I'm wondering if how you're thinking about some of the cost savings that you've already identified to go into that 2017 number and whether they can overwhelm some of the investments, in other words is there room to cut that 3.45 billion number to support efficiency if we don't get the help from the rate environment?
David Turner: So Erika its a good question, I tried to address a little bit of that in the prepared comments. When we -- so we have the $300 million expense elimination program, we're on track with that, we're really are challenging ourselves, if you think of a couple of a things, one, how do we -- some of those savings actually through our model started 2018 and so the question is what can we do thats prudent, makes sense to move into 2017? That'll take some work, we'll come back as we get later in the year and start giving you a little better guidance of the '17, we'll give you an update on that. The second would be, there's a -- we have a lot of rationale that went around the $300 million, it was roughly 9% of our expense base. But we're going to go back and challenge ourselves to think through how we might change that over time. Again we need to be very thoughtful, we need to make sure we don't benefit the short term at the expense of the long term. The franchise building that we are trying to do. We want sustainable franchise value, we don't want just short term. So its get trickier as we start thinking in these terms, but we believe rates, you have to have the mindset that rates are going to be lower for longer and this is something we can't control. So, we have more work to do here and were look forward to the challenge.
Grayson Hall: We have been in this environment for a good long while and we've learned how to manage through it. We've had to really defend our margin, defend the credit culture that we're trying to build in terms of how we grow and build our loan portfolio and managing expenses in this lower for longer environment has just got to be a skill set that we continue to exercise and deploy. We've been very aggressive on branch consolidations, we think we know how to do that and do it well. But, I think that as David said is that in a lower than longer forecast and we have to go back and just continue to re-challenge ourselves and redefine how we manage through this for a longer period of time.
Erika Najarian: Thank you. And I just have a follow up question to Barb. You mentioned something about how energy prices impacts different parts of your energy portfolio from a different timing perspective. And the question really here is investors are starting to wonder, what type of oil price level do we need to see to see that 9.4 reserve ratio start getting released or going down, appreciating that this reserve is built on a loan by loan basis. But is there any external factor that we can look to say, okay, that's now done and we can now expect to release some of those reserves into the rest of the book?
Barbara Godin: Yes Erika, I think you hit the nail on the head relative to the reserve, its made up of different groupings. Of course E&P as I said will benefit from higher oil prices where we see them in the $60 to $70 a barrel range that's great for the E&P Company, but again even at that level oil field services companies will continue to be challenged, it takes them longer to restructure and get back on their feet. So again, the extended tail on the oil field services and as we think of our provisions roughly two-thirds of our provision right now is established against the oil field services sub sector in our book.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Regarding the loan growth, on the commercial side I know you indicated some of the weakening of the pipeline but also some of the intentional pull back in the single relationship credit. How would you split that up in terms of the impact on second quarter and the period loan growth from the commercial side? How much of that weaker than expected or how much of that weakness should we say came from the intentional pull back versus the softening demand?
Grayson Hall: Thats a great question, its one we've spent some time ourselves internally sort of discussing and debating and clearly part of the weakness we're seeing is just general market demand for credit and if you look at top of company and domestic U.S. numbers the level of fixed capital spending by wholesale customers continues to be below historical proportions and we're seeing net end demand for credit, but at the same time you also hear us talking about making sure that we got full relationships and we are getting paid a reasonable return for providing banking services to our clients. So we need a full relationship to do that. The return on the credit only relationship is just not sufficient, but we also have been very disciplined in making sure that we have diversity in our balance sheet and so there are certain asset categories that our risk appetite is full filled on and so we've been more judicious about not adding more of that product type to our balance sheet and we're absolutely committed to staying diversified. I think if you look at it today, we would say it's about half and half, about half of its the market and about half of it is disciplined that we're invoking. I'd also remind you that when you look at our loan growth for this quarter, keep in mind the reduction in energy loans that we've achieved over the past quarter then it's been a -- there is a story there that without that reduction in energy growth in our wholesale book would have been much stronger.
John Pancari: Okay thats helpful and then real quick Barb on credit, did you say that both the criticized balance increases as well as the NPA increase were attributable to the other areas that you sited agricultural metals and transportation?
Barbara Godin: No, NPA was primarily an energy story, [indiscernible] the other groups that I talked about.
John Pancari: Okay got it and then lastly in terms of the margin impact of putting on less of the more thinly price relationships that are single relationships type of credits that you're deemphasizing, just trying to put a number around it or in terms of yield, what yields are some of those loans running off that you're deemphasizing as a single relationship and then how's that compared to new production yield on what you are putting on your book?
David Turner: Well it really just depends John in terms different products. On the C&I space, we haven't seen spreads changed dramatically there, but if you are 225 over you're working against yourself that portfolio yielding yields today about 3.5%, and so as we think about how to combat some of this, wanted to get deeper relationship, we're not often having to look just at spread because the spread is only a component part of the income we get from the customer basis. The other is NII sources that helped rounded out. So it's in fact we had a lower spread asset we look for relationship, we can do with that, it's having a low spread without the relationship thats the problem. So I think that also how to combat this would be the consumer growth, we grew consumer loans about $300 million, we've had nice production in consumer where we're getting paid for that risk and that's helping to combat the downward pressure on loan yields. So our loan yields from the first quarter were only down 2 basis points, thats the mixed shift and remixing of business that we're trying to make in our total balance sheet to be more profitable to get better return to our shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Miller of FBR and Company.
Paul Miller: Thank you very much, most of my questions are answered, but I do have one on non-interest income. You gave a I think range of 5% growth there and over the last year most of your growth has come from either card and ATM fees, or capital markets. Is that what we should be modeling in, is that what most of the growth's going to come from or is there some categories that you've been investing and you should start seeing some growth there.
David Turner: If you look at that we've made lots of investments in capital markets you see in the growth there, but also in terms of service charges and credit card, ATM card kind of growth, all that's really coming from poor consumer household growth [ph]. We're seeing better consumer growth across the communities we serve, more broadly than we've seen in the past. We really are pleased with the progress we've made in the customer experience in our consumer business and the results really are starting to come through and we think that that continues to be a good story. Additionally, we've made several investments in our wealth management offerings, you know wealth management had a good quarter this quarter, we think that continues and has the prospect of even improving. So you know overall very good story this quarter.
Paul Miller: And you're saying, where do you see most of the growth. I know you've invested in Florida pretty heavily over the years, is it coming across your geographic footprint or is it coming in certain states?
David Turner: It's more broad than its been in the past and you know you're correct and historically we had a very strong growth out in the state of Florida, that -- Florida continues to be a very critical market for our franchise, but growth is much more broad than it's ever been historically in the company that's been purposeful on our part, we very much try to make sure that we're not only diversifying our business by product but we're diversifying it by geography and we've made very conscious investments to improve the production of our consumer and our wealth management business as well as wholesale across all the communities that we serve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Conner at Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Conner: Any update on the CRA downgrade from earlier this year in terms of what you're doing to remediate that and if there's any impact that's having on kind of day-to-day operations [indiscernible]?
David Turner: Yes, Matt it's David, so you know we have to go back to kind of the exam that we had the results our core CRA program continues to be robust, we have a lot of assessment areas specially relative to anybody else in the country and we do a good job, our team is really committed to the customers and communities that we serve and we feel like we're doing a pretty good job there. We did have an issue that was outstanding from another regulatory fee was considered and so we're going through, we had to go through another exam cycle for that to get cleared up, the timing of which is completely dependent on our regulatory supervisors and we believe we've done everything we need to continue to work through this and we hope that the conclusion is favorable when that is concluded upon by our regulatory supervisors.
Matt O'Conner: And then just separately if you look at the indirect consumer bucket I think which includes the POS loans the $600 million to $700 million of loans, you've had good growth there, it seems like there's kind of the typical beginning of the seasoning of that portfolio from a credit quality perspective, obviously very small numbers, but do you have a sense of what losses in that book may get to? It's a good yielding book and you've been growing it a lot.
Grayson Hall: I mean that, we look at the indirect portfolio weve been growing it quite steadily, starting off from a relatively small base, we've been very selective on where we participate in that market, we've been very selective in the auto space and we've been very selective in a number of point of sales spaces that we participate in and we continue as to test the production that's going on the book and we do believe that expected losses in this portfolio we're targeting them to be less than 2.5%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Juneja of J.P. Morgan. 
Vivek Juneja: Couple of questions please, MBS premium amortization, can you just give us some nitpicky ones? What was the amount in the second quarter, when do you expect it to go in the third quarter?
David Turner: So, Vivek this is -- we've had in kind of the mid 30s in terms of premium amortization, we do expect that to increase modestly over the second half of the year, maybe up $5 million to $7 million each of the quarters, third and fourth quarter, just dependent on prepayments that come in, we see the refinance activities thats occurring through pipelines and at volume for us so we can project that out a little bit in terms of prepayment fees and expect it will tick up just a bit. Now that being said that is embedded in our forecast of our NII growth which we say would be somewhere in the right at the 3% range for the year.
Vivek Juneja: So, it didn't go up, David in the second quarter, you're waiting for prepayments to show the path before you increase in the third quarter?
David Turner: Yes, correct.
Vivek Juneja: And capital, a bigger picture question, how do you get it down, for both of you? You've got such a high level, youre close to 100% payout, what do you do to bring this down? Obviously long term its not -- you're not growing that any faster based on all the other factors that you're taking into account.
David Turner: So, we've -- like over time we've mentioned to get to our capital targets and bring those down over time, if you look at the CCAR continuing to address a couple of things there, one, the stress is in each of the portfolios, we have some learning's that we can take from that as we reshape certain of our businesses to take out risk which then reduces the amount of capital you need to have in particular in a stressed environment. We did not have -- go over a 100% of earnings, we did have a couple of regional players that did for the first time. For us, we want to make sure we optimize our capital structure in terms of the nature of the components, so preferred stock and common stock alike and make sure that that's optimized and overtime we will do that to reduce our cost of equity. But I think working on the stresses is apparent [ph] in the balance sheet which we've done and you've seen that come down in places like commercial real estate losses came down quite dramatically. But still high. And so how do we change our business model overtime to reduce the amount of capital we have to have so that we can either put it to work if there is opportunity to grow loans and when there is not returning that capital to our shareholders especially when you've traded it, when we traded at tangible book value.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Can I question your loan to deposit ratio upticked a little bit this quarter to 84%. What's the optimal level for that loan-to-deposit ratio for you folks and how do you plan to reach that level?
David Turner: Yeah, Gerard it's a good question. So, we've been one of the lower loan deposit ratios. I think getting up a few more points perhaps in the upper 80s, lower 90s is the right place for us to be. In the good old days it would be over a 100% when you could rely on wholesale funding and that you could take money out every night, that really -- that market doesn't operate that way. So, I would say upper 80s lower 90s. I do think the construct and the deposits we have given the LCR framework deposits, certain deposits are as useful to us and in particular as we think about liquidity. Those process that are collateralized provide little liquidity value to us and that value really stems from the diversification of funding more so than actual liquidity because were having a most [ph] of our best security for it. So, I think you will see that drift up a bit overtime, the pace of which is hard to tell.
Grayson Hall: And Gerard if you look at our deposits this quarter, core deposits is really a very good story. We've created a much more favorable mix of deposits and we've reduced some of our deposits to David's point they are less attractive under LCR, but also less attractive at the end of the day from a liquidity perspective and so while our deposits were down modestly at the top of the company this quarter actually core deposits, core deposits that we find attractive were actually up and the liquidity in the company actually improved. And so we continue to believe that the core value this franchise really is a deposit gatherer and we continue to have a very good story there and a good message back and so I think that to David's point there was a time when you could fund loans in a very different way, but today best way to fund loans is with core deposits and we think in that high 80s low 90s would optimize the earnings power of this company. But we're going to need good solid organic loan growth to make that occur.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. And regarding the consolidation of the branches, have you guys done any work to measure when you consolidate or shut down a branch? What percentage of the customers stay with you? Yeah, go ahead I was going to follow up, but go ahead David.
David Turner: Go ahead and finish.
Gerard Cassidy: Yeah, okay. And then with the advent of the mobile technology you all have today versus 15 years ago when if you shut down some branches the numbers may have different, have you've noticed, is there a differential meaning you're keeping more than today because of the mobile technology?
David Turner: I think, one, is since I guess since 2007-2008 we've closed the consolidated over 500 branch offices. We have a very good process for that. I think that from our perspective, we continue to see that how do the process for consolidating those offices really have to do a lot with customer communication and how you equip and train and staff the receding offices. And to the extent, if the receding offices is at relatively close proximity and we would say that close proximities within 10 miles of the other branch that you're seeing very-very good success with virtually no losses in customers in that regard. We do think that alternative channels ATM, call center, mobile, online all of those other channels provide us an opportunity to provide strong connectivity to the customer and while we're seeing branches losing traffic in the sort of 3% to 5% a year range, we're seeing tremendous growth in the online and mobile channels. So we think continuing to add functionality there enhances the customer experience, it enhances the retention of those customers. But I would say all of it has to be done, you have to do all those things well in order to have a successful consolidation. But great question is one that we continue to adjust and fine-tune on a regular basis.
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question comes from Christopher Marinac of FIG Partners.
Christopher Marinac: I wanted to ask about Slide 14 which has gone into the loans split in Texas and Louisiana, I guess I am curious with energy prices trying to stabilize, does that pertain that you would want to see those markets to be stabilized in terms of loan balances or could we actually see growth on those areas?
David Turner: I think if you look at Texas and Louisiana on those slides, very important markets for us and a much more diversified market than you would have seen a few years ago and even though we're seeing obvious stress from our customers that are directly or indirectly tied to the energy business. We're seeing an off a lot of strength in other industries, we're seeing an off a lot of opportunities that still provide banking services in those markets and so we're still very confident about our ability to grow there.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session at today's conference. I'll now turn the floor back over to Mr. Hall for closing remark.
Grayson Hall: Thank you very much for your attendance and participation today, really appreciate your questions and your interest and thank you, we strand adjourned [ph].
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dana Nolan - IR Grayson Hall - CEO David Turner - CFO John Turner - Head of Corporate Banking Barb Godin - Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Michael Rose - Raymond James Bill Carcache - Nomura Tim Hayes - FBR and Company Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners David Eads - UBS Stephen Scouten - Sandler O'Neill John Pancari - Evercore IS Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Chris Mutascio - KBW Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Peter Winter - Sterne Agee Jason Harbes - Wells Fargo Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Jesus Bueno - Compass Point Jill Shea - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]  I will now turn the call over to Ms. Dana Nolan to begin.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Regions first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Participating on the call are Grayson Hall, Chief Executive Officer and David Turner, Chief Financial Officer. Other members of management, including John Turner, our Head of Corporate Banking and Barb Godin, Chief Credit Officer are also present and available to answer questions. Throughout the call, we will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of this presentation as well as our earnings release and earnings supplement are available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Also let me remind you that during todays call, we may make forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance and you should be mindful of the risks and uncertainties that can cause actual results to vary from expectations. These factors are described in the cautionary disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements in our earnings release and in other reports we file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, Dana and good morning and thank you everyone for joining our call today. First quarters results reflect a strong start to 2016 and demonstrate that we are successfully executing on our strategic plan. We are pleased by our continued progress, despite a challenging and somewhat volatile economic backdrop. For the first quarter, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $257 million, and earnings per share totaled $0.20. These results reflect growth in total revenue, lower adjusted expenses and positive operating leverage. Importantly, we continue to deliver results in areas we believe are fundamental to future income growth by expanding our customer base as we grew checking accounts, households, credit cards and wealth accounts. A key driver to this success is our ability to leverage our approach to relationship banking. We are pleased that once again, weve received external recognition for building a strong customer experience at Regions. This quarter, both the Temkin Group and the Greenwich Associates recognized Regions for providing industry leading customer experiences. Looking at our results further, we achieved total average loan growth of 5% compared to prior year. Consumer lending is off to a solid start as loan balances exceed $30 billion. We have introduced new initiatives to expand our consumer product offerings, which led to year-over-year growth in consumer lending of 5%. Our new point of sale initiative within indirect lending led this growth with more loans that doubled over the prior year, exceeding our internal expectations. We do expect continued growth in this product category in 2016. Indirect auto lending continues to grow as balances increased over 9% compared to last year. Credit card balances increased modestly as we remain focused on expanding a number of customers that carry and utilize Regions credit card and we have experienced success on this front as our penetration rate of deposit customers has increased 140 basis points from one year ago and now stands at 17.5%. Were also focused on expanding our direct consumer lending capabilities as we recently announced and agreed with Avant. This arrangement allows us to offer additional alternatives to create stronger digital experiences for our customers and prospects. Weve also had an encouraging quarter in business lending, with total average loans up 4% over the prior year. All of our business lending areas, corporate banking, commercial banking and real estate banking achieved growth over the prior year. Total adjusted revenue increased 7% over the first quarter of 2015, reflecting effective execution on our strategic plans to grow and diversify our revenue. Investments within capital markets are clearly demonstrating progress as capital markets income more than doubled versus fourth quarter of 15. Importantly, our efficiency initiatives are allowing us to sub-fund these investments as adjusted expenses declined 2% from the previous quarter. We ended the quarter with an adjusted efficiency ratio of 60.6%, an improvement of 280 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. With respect to the current environment, we continue to expect the US economy to demonstrate progress but at a measured pace. The global and macroeconomic environment remains a concern but we do expect modest improvement. Low oil prices continue to create challenges for certain industry sectors while benefiting others. Consequently, we continue to closely monitor our direct energy portfolio as well as portfolios subject to contingent. As expected there continues to be downward migration in risk rates, we are supporting and working closely with our customers as they take appropriate and constructive actions to lower costs, reduce debt and improve liquidity. We do anticipate continued stress in the sector and will make appropriate adjustments. Additionally, we have established appropriate energy reserves which now stand at 8% of our direct energy exposure. But more broadly excluding energy in related industries, we do see continued favorable credit quality in the wholesale and consumer portfolios. Turning to capital deployment, as you are aware, we submitted our capital plan earlier this month, we continue to pull over capital effectively through organic growth and investing strategically in initiatives to increase revenue or reduce expenses. But we also will return an appropriate amount of capital to shareholders. In closing, our solid first-quarter results provide evidence that we are successfully executing our strategic plan with a continued commitment on our three primary strategic initiatives which are grow and diversify our revenue streams, practice disciplined express management, and effectively deploy our capital. These are all integral to the successful execution of our strategic plan and we are on track to deliver our long-term performance targets. With that Ill turn it to Dave who will cover the details for the first quarter.
David Turner: Thank you and good morning everyone. Let's get started with the balance sheet and a recap of loan growth. Average loan balances totaled $82 billion in the first quarter, up $750 million or 1% from the previous quarter. Business lending average balances increased to $51 billion, up 1% from the previous quarter and 4% over the prior year. Commercial loans grew $373 million or 1% was driven by corporate banking and real estate banking. Specialized lending also contributed to loan growth driven by new relationships in technology and defense, restaurant as well as an increase in line utilization in energy and natural resources. Commitments were flat linked quarter and line utilization increased 110 basis points to 47.8%, primarily driven by energy lending which increased from 53% to 56%. Total production declined 26% from the prior quarter and we are beginning to experience softer pipelines in some areas due to less optimistic and uncertain macroeconomic conditions. However, consumer lending had another strong quarter as almost every category experienced growth and total production increased 3%. Average consumer loan balances were $31 billion, an increase of 1% over the prior quarter and 5% over the prior year. And direct auto lending increased 2% and production increased 4% during the quarter. Other indirect lending which includes point-of-sale initiatives increased $76 million linked quarter or 15% as production increased 120%. Now looking at the credit card portfolio, average balances increased 2% from the previous quarter and our penetration into our existing customer base currently stands at 17.5%. Mortgage loan balances increased $75 million and total home-equity balances were relatively flat, up $8 million from the previous quarter. Let's take a look at deposits. Average deposit balances increased $262 million from the previous quarter and increased $2 billion over the prior year. Deposit costs remained at historically low levels at 11 basis points and total funding costs remained low at 28 basis points. With respect to deposits, we are primarily core deposit funded with 67% of our deposits coming from consumer and wealth deposits. Low cost deposits make up 92% of our total deposits and approximately half of our deposits come from cities with less than 1 million people. Additionally, 50% of our deposits are from customers with $250,000 or less in their account. This is why we continue to believe our deposit betas will be a competitive advantage for us as rates rise.  So let's see how it has impacted our results. Net interest income and other financing income on a fully taxable basis was $883 million, up 3% from the fourth quarter. However, excluding the impact of the fourth quarter lease adjustment, net interest income and other financing income on a fully taxable equivalent basis increased $12 million or 1% for the quarter and increased $51 million or approximately 6% compared to the prior year. Higher loan balances and increases in short term rates along with items that are unlikely to repeat including lower premium amortization and higher dividend income related to trading assets were the primary drivers behind the linked quarter increase. This increase was partially offset by lower dividends recognized on Federal Reserve stock, higher debt interest expense and one less day in the quarter. The resulting net interest margin for the quarter was 3.19%. Excluding the impact from the fourth quarter lease adjustment, the net interest margin increased by approximately 6 basis points. The 5 basis points of this increase was attributable to the impact of day count during the quarter and the previously mentioned items that are unlikely to repeat. Total non-interest income increased 1% on an adjusted basis from the fourth quarter driven by growth in our revenue diversification initiatives as we successfully executed our strategies. In particular, capital markets income was strong on a linked quarter basis, up 46%. This was driven by contributions from the recently expanded mergers and acquisition advisory services group.  Additionally, revenue was bolstered by fees generated from the placement of permanent financing for real estate customers as well as syndicated loan transactions. And due to the nature of the business, and the fact that we are building out our capabilities, capital markets income will likely experience some movement from quarter to quarter. However, we are very pleased with the impact our added capabilities are producing. Wealth management also experienced a strong quarter despite a challenging market environment. Income was up 6% quarter-over-quarter due to higher seasonal insurance income and impact from recent acquisitions. Investment services income was up 7% attributable to an increase in annuity sales. However, investment management and trust fees were negatively impacted by market conditions. Seasonality and posting order changes that went into effect in early November last year impacted service charges which declined 4% from the fourth quarter. Now, looking ahead, we expect modest growth in service charges as we benefit from last year's 2% checking account growth and continued account growth in 2016. In addition, seasonal declines in consumer spending drove the decline in card and ATM fees for the quarter. However, on a year-over-year basis, card and ATM fees increased approximately 12%. Other non-interest income included reductions to revenue of $12 million reflecting market decreases in relation to asset sale for certain employee benefits which is offset in salaries and benefit expense. Quarter-over-quarter, mortgage revenue was up 3%. Additionally, in the quarter, we purchased the rights to service approximately $2.6 billion of mortgage loans bringing our total residential servicing portfolio to $40 billion and we will continue to explore and evaluate opportunities to expand our mortgage servicing portfolio. During the quarter we also had a $14 million increase in income related to bank-owned life insurance. This was primarily attributable to claims business as well as a gain on exchange of policies. We expect the run rate going forward will be in the $18 million to $20 million quarterly range.  Lets move on to expenses. Total reported expenses in the first quarter were $869 million. On an adjusted basis, expenses totaled $843 million, representing a decline of $18 million or 2% quarter-over-quarter as we implement our efficiency initiatives. As previously noted, in the fourth quarter of 2015, we announced plans to consolidate 29 branches as part of our strategic plan to close 100 to 150 branches.  In the first quarter of 2016, we recorded $14 million of property related expenses, primarily related to the branch consolidation and additional occupancy optimization initiatives. In addition, we incurred $12 million of severance expense related to staffing reductions. Excluding the impact of severance charges in the current and previous quarter, salaries and benefits decreased $9 million or 2% linked quarter. And this decrease was primarily due to a 2% reduction in staffing as well as lower expenses attributable to market decreases in relation to assets held for certain employee benefits that I just discussed. This was partially offset by seasonal increases in payroll taxes of $12 million and increased incentives related to fee-based revenue growth.  Professional and legal expenses declined primarily due to a favorable legal settlement of $7 million, which is not expected to recur going forward. FDIC fees increased $3 million from the previous quarter and as previously disclosed, we expect FDIC fees to increase by approximately $5 million on a quarterly basis when the FDIC assessment surcharge is implemented. Our adjusted efficiency ratio was 60.6% in the first quarter driven primarily by growth in new revenue initiatives, which have been funded by expense eliminations. Our plan to become a more efficient organization is well underway.  Let's move to asset quality. Total net charge-offs decreased $10 million to $68 million and represented 34 basis points of average loans. The provision for loan losses was $113 million and our allowance for loan losses as a percent of total loans was 1.41% at the end of the quarter, which compares to 1.36% of total loans outstanding at the end of the fourth quarter. The increase in the allowance is primarily attributable to an increase in direct energy related loan reserves. Total loan loss allowance for the energy loan portfolio was 8% at the end of the first quarter compared to 6% at the end of the fourth quarter.  Beginning primarily in the third quarter of 2015, low oil prices began to drive the migration of a number of large energy credits into criticized loans, primarily in the exploration and production and oil field services sectors. Continued low oil prices prompted further migration of some of those credits into classified loans this quarter. As a result, total business services criticized and classified loans increased $254 million, including an increase in classified loans of $703 million and a decrease in special mention loans of $449 million.  Total non-accrual loans, excluding loans held for sale, increased $211 million from the fourth quarter. At quarter end, our loan loss allowance to non-accrual loans or coverage ratio was 116%. Additionally, troubled debt restructured loans or TDRs declined 2% from prior quarter.  Now, regarding our energy portfolio, while oil prices remained volatile, exposures remained manageable. Should prices remain in the $30 to $45 range, we continued to expect losses in the $50 million to $75 million range in 2016. And should oil prices average $25 per barrel through the end of 2017, we would expect incremental losses in the $100 million range. In addition, weakness in energy, mining and metals, and agricultural are starting to put some pressure on certain commercial durable goods companies. However, we believe our allowance for loan losses is adequate to cover inherent losses in our loan portfolio. Given where we are in the credit cycle and fluctuating commodity prices, volatility and certain critical metrics can be expected especially related to larger dollar commercial credits. Let's move on to capital liquidity. During the first quarter, we returned $255 million to shareholders including the repurchase of $175 million of common stock and $80 million in dividends. Under Basel III, the Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 11.6% and the common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 10.9%. On a fully phased-in basis common equity Tier 1 was estimated at 10.7%, well above current regulatory minimums. So let me provide an overview of our current expectations for the remainder of 2016, which remain consistent with those we delivered at our Investor Day last fall and also on our earnings call in January. We expect total loans to grow 3% to 5% on an average basis relative to fourth quarter 2015 average balances. Given current softer market conditions in the commercial space, we could track towards a lower end of that range. Regarding deposits, we continue to expect average deposit growth in the 2% to 4% range compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 average balances. Now commensurate with loan growth projections, we expect net interest income and other financing income to increase 2% to 4% on a full-year basis. Should we experience no additional rate increases, we expect to be at the lower end of that range. In addition, the higher end of the range is more challenging due to the lower dividends on the Federal Reserve stock. Now with respect to the net interest margin, we will likely experience modest pressure if rates remain low. However, further increases in short-term rates will serve to stabilize the margin. As a result of our investments, we continue to grow adjusted non-interest income and expect that in the 4% to 6% range on a full-year basis. We will continue to make investments in 2016. However, our plan to eliminate $300 million of core expenses is underway and we expect to achieve 35% to 45% of that number in 2016. Therefore, we expect total adjusted non-interest expenses in 2016 to be flat to up modestly from the level in 2015. We expect to achieve a full-year adjusted efficiency ratio less than 63% and positive adjusted operating leverage in the 2% to 4% range in 2016. We also continue to expect net charge offs in the 25 to 35 basis point range. However, given the volatility and uncertainty in the energy sector, we would expect to be at the top end of that range this year. In closing, the first quarter was a strong start to the year and we are encouraged by our results. The investments made in 2015 and before position us well for 2016 and beyond and we look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year as we continue to build sustainable franchise value. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning and I will turn it back over to Dana for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
Dana Nolan: Thank you, David. Before we begin the Q&A session of the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one primary and one follow-up in order to accommodate as many participants as possible this morning. We will now open the lines for question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Rose of Raymond James.
Michael Rose: Maybe we can just start on the energy portfolio, can you give us a sense for kind of how much, how far youre through the kind of the spring borrowing base redetermination, I assume youre just kind of in the earlier stages. And now that weve seen the rebound in oil, I mean, how confident would you be if oil stayed around these levels that you might come in closer to the lower end of your kind of charge-off range for the year, about $50 million to $75 million related to energy? Thanks.
Barb Godin: Michael, its Barb Godin. Ill go ahead and answer the question in terms of our spring redetermination. Were roughly 25% of the way through and so far to date, weve seen roughly 20, perhaps 25% reduction in the oil base is our expectation and in terms of the guidance that weve given relative to charge-offs for the rest of the year, again, weve run our models. We feel very good about where our numbers are. We do still anticipate that there will be volatility in the oil prices. And again, thats the reason that were looking at $25 a barrel over the next two years, which would again create $100 million of incremental loss we think next year and $50 million to $75 million this year.
David Turner: Michael, were continuously working with our customers and monitoring their financial situations as theyre trying to rationalize their expenses, their spending base as well as trying to restructure their capital base. Obviously, if we saw stability of oil prices at this low, it will be a benefit to those customers, but as we go through our credit analysis, we arent making that assumption. We continue to stress our portfolio to what we think the possibilities of the volatility are and so if it turns out to be stable at a higher point, then I think thats a good day for our customers and a good day for us, but we arent necessarily trying to anticipate that in our credit review process.
Michael Rose: Okay. And thats helpful. And then maybe as a follow-up, it looks like the unfunded commitments were down about $150 million quarter-to-quarter, are you guys actually trying to grow new credits at this point and where should we expect maybe that unfunded balance to close out over the next year or so? Thanks.
Barb Godin: Again, Michael, its Barb. As we look at the unfunded balance, youre right, it was down $165 million. A lot of that was paid down at the lines. They were a handful of draws that we saw, not that many and there was a little bit of new business that was primarily in our midstream section. Midstream continues to perform well and even in a down industry, there are some very good customers out there and the credits that we put on the books, those are four credits, three of them in fact, which is existing relationships. We knew those customers very well. One was a new customer that weve been quoting for a while. Very pleased with the quality of the credits that weve done. We dont see a lot of additional credit, but again, we will continue to look for opportunities in the segment, if they present themselves and if they meet our credit quality guidelines.
David Turner: And Barb, if you could just comment on level of commitments year-over-year and where we see that going forward?
Barb Godin: Certainly. We started January of 15 with commitments at $6.9 billion and we right now sit at $4.8 billion. So weve come down a fair bit on commitments. If I do the same comparison for you on outstandings, those outstandings went from $3.3 billion down to $2.7 billion at that same timeframe. So again, as we think about utilization, what happens as you know is as we do our borrowing base redeterminations that reduces our outstanding commitments and just as a general rule of thumb for every $100 million that we reduced at our commitments, that will naturally, just favor to your math, increase your utilization rate by 85 basis points.
Michael Rose: Okay. Thats really helpful. And maybe just one follow-up for me David, just to clarify, I think you said that there is no more rate increases this year that youd expect to be at the lower end of the NII guidance, did I hear that correctly?
David Turner: Thats correct.
Michael Rose: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Carcache of Nomura.
Bill Carcache: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to follow-up on some of your -- the comments you just made, can you share with us what kind of utilization rate assumption is implicit in your current allowance and the methodology that gets you comfortable with that?
Barb Godin: Yeah. We dont really use a utilization rate per se. What drives our allowance is our risk rating process. The risk rating process takes into account all the information that we know about the customer, whats going on in the industry. Looking at their financials deeply and again, yes, we do refer to what they would have for example in their borrowing base, what our petroleum engineers say about it. So again, we dont have a specific number that we use, what I can tell you about the draws and the utilization is as we look at the energy and production customers, the E&P customers, again they are governed by borrowing base, so we see some natural ability for draws not to happen there. And then as we look at our oil field services customers, we have a number of covenants, a number of leverage covenants that are there. We also have anti-cash hoarding provisions that we have been putting in for the last several months as accounts have been coming up for renewal. So again that will naturally reduce their ability to draw on those lines. 
Bill Carcache: I see. Thats helpful. So under this stress scenario that you guys lay out, where you show that if oil prices average $25 a barrel through 2017, the expectation that will result in additional $100 million of charge-offs in that kind of stress environment, it would seem that there may be more draws on existing unfunded lines, but I was trying to understand to what extent that was being captured in the methodology, but it sounds like the increase in draws under stress scenarios is not something that is captured. So maybe if you could just give a little bit of commentary on that. 
Barb Godin: Yes, there is a difference between how we reserve and how we do our stress testing. And on our stress testing, we are actually looking at our entire committed book and reviewing that and finding all the various stresses against the committed book. 
Bill Carcache: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Miller of FBR and Company.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Paul. 
Tim Hayes: Hey, guys. This is Tim Hayes for Paul Miller. First off, in regard to your Avant relationship, where do you see annual originations trending there and where exactly on the balance sheet of those loans being held?
Grayson Hall: So as you have seen, we have invested in a number of digital partnerships to try to improve our offerings to customers, predominantly consumers and small businesses in the digital space. We have announced a partnership with Avant. That partnership while communicated will not launch until third quarter. So we have not provided any forecast on revenues and originations to the market at this day. 
Tim Hayes: Understood. And then you had just mentioned that barring any type of interest rate hikes this year that you will stay at the low-end of your NII guidance. Where do you see NIM tracking barring any hikes, are you able to sustain the current level of your abnormality [ph] see any type of deterioration? 
David Turner: Yes, thanks. So we had a couple of things in the quarter on my prepared comment, take out the end piece of that, and we had some things wont repeat. So we said five points of that really are things that you wont see going forward. After that, if rates continue to stay where they are right now, we will see our net interest margin continuing to decline, so we do need some rate lift to stabilize the net interest margin. As most of us in the industry have been focusing on NII growth, its really the guidance that we have given you that 2% to 4% and we think is more meaningful, but margins will come under pressure if rates stay here. 
Tim Hayes: Understood. Thanks for the color. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Christopher Marinac of FIG Partners.
Christopher Marinac: Thanks, good morning. I want to get back to the energy commitments and I was curious if the case of the decline in the commitments could accelerate just naturally as the business flows for the rest of the year?
Barb Godin: Again, its Barb, and again, if you do just a back of the envelop and assume that 25% reduction in the borrowing bases, again, that would naturally translate into roughly a $1.2 billion in reduction on existing commitments taking them down from 4.8, somewhere down to the 4.5, 4.6 range, so yes, it will reduce. 
Christopher Marinac: Okay. And then Barb, is the ongoing SNC exam going to influence the criticized numbers come out had we seen a lot of that change already this last quarter. 
Barb Godin: Yes, we have fully incorporated the Shared National Credit exam into our results this quarter. 
Christopher Marinac: Okay. Very good. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Eads of UBS. 
David Eads: Hi, good morning. You made some comments at the beginning about seeing a little bit of softness in from commercial side in terms of demand for loan. I was curious if you could flush that out a little bit. Is that related  you also talked about some pressure on some of the ancillary energy companies, is it related to those type of companies or more broad based and are there any specific areas where you are seeing some softening loan demand?
David Turner: I think if you look at what weve started seeing in the fourth quarter and certainly carrying into the first quarter, while weve seen good growth in balances in our wholesale book and our consumer book, we have seen some softness in demand when you look at our sales pipelines for wholesale credit. Clearly the industry segments that are energy related are energy dependent in particular metals, minings and assorted commodities. Those industry segments obviously are very soft, but weve seen a general slowdown or softness, if you will, in wholesale credit demand. We dont know if that is a sustainable trend or whether thats sort of a first quarter anomaly, but at this point in time we were just signaling that we see demand just a little softer, still very competitive market and we are still able to find ways to serve our customers and extend credit. We feel good about our level of engagement with our customers, but I think given the market volatility since the first of the year, we are just seeing customers be a little bit more reserved, if they will, in terms of accessing credit facilities. 
David Eads: All right, thanks. And then maybe just I am curious if you have any color on  youve got the final DOL fiduciary rule, if thats going to have any real impact on your wealth management business? I am just curious whether  how that interaction kind of plays?
David Turner: Well, I mean, I think its a great question and one that as the rule has come out, out team is working on, but I think the positive news is weve been working under a fiduciary model in our wealth management group for a very, very long time. We are very familiar with the fiduciary model and comfortable with it. We feel like we know how to operate in that environment. We do think that given the rules, weve got a year to implement rules as they proposed and our teams are working closely with that, but given the history and the makeup of our book, we think its a very manageable process for us. 
David Eads: All right, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Scouten of Sandler O'Neill. 
Stephen Scouten: Hey, guys, good morning.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Stephen Scouten: Question for you on the kind of the efficiency ratio and the continued operating leverage. I mean, obviously you had a great quarter here in 1Q and well positioned for the rest of the year, but can you kind of give me some thoughts about the  on the sub-63% guidance relative to how you are already at the kind of 60.6% level today and what the trends might look like?
David Turner: Yeah, its great question. So we want certainly guidance factor this just under 63% as we shared with you before because we are continuing to also make investments to grow revenue. There is timing differences that can get in our numbers. If you read our supplement carefully, you will see there is some timing differences there as well. We are very pleased with the progress weve made on controlling our expenses in this first quarter and see that continuing throughout the year and frankly for years to come as we have $300 million expense program. But remember the point of that is not just to improve efficiencies, its really to make room for the investments we want to make to continue to grow and diversify our revenue steam and you will see continued investments there. There is some new things like our M&A advisory group that just came onboard in the fourth quarter. They had a pretty solid first quarter as we mentioned. We expect that to continue to grow and you will see their revenue growth, but you will see expenses associated with that business continue to grow as well. So we think it is more appropriate to go back to the 63% in the last efficiency ratio versus leveraging the 60.6%.
Stephen Scouten: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. Thanks. And then maybe one follow-up on the NIM conversation, so if I understand it properly, we are kind of using maybe 3.14 as a real starting point as we look into the subsequent quarters, I know you're trying to focus more on NII but as I look at that NIM, I mean do you think that could be a 2 to 3 basis points a quarter kind of compression at higher rates?
David Turner: Yeah I think so, you start point is fair. So there are five points in there that we want to reset down from 3.19 to your 3.14 number. And there it's really kind of rate depended, I think if we stay at low rates, youll see that coming down some. If you get an increase maybe that stabilizes a bit. So I think you'll have margin pressure unless we get the move - get a move sometime in 2016.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore IS.
John Pancari: On the color that you gave around the NIM this quarter and some of those items, on the premium am, I just want to if you can clarify that you know the tenure was down through the quarter and mortgage rates saw a little bit of that. So how do you actually see lower premium am, I would think it would be higher?
Grayson Hall: Well it's a little bit of, John stated, there is little bit of a lag effect there, youre right we actually saw the other way half our premium amortization was a little lower in the first quarter than it had been in the fourth quarter, so to the tune of about $5 million. And that's as we see the tenure drop, you would expect more activity coming through in the second quarter and more premium amortization and that's part of what we are trying to signal that won't recur from an NII standpoint. So you have a $5 million, $7 million roughly of NII benefit in the first quarter, all things being equal that you won't see in the second quarter.
John Pancari: Then secondly, on the loan loss reserve for energy, I know you gave us the direct energy reserve of now it's 8% versus 6% before. What is the energy reserve for the total energy book, so direct energy and the indirect, what is the reserve for that because you gave us the criticize for that but not the reserve.
Barb Godin: And we don't reserve it that way, again they fall into different categories, so as we look at both the individual customers et cetera, they roll up differently, don't have that detail but remember that the reserves that we have in total is available to absorb all loan losses irrespective of if they were in energy or not.
John Pancari: And then lastly, on expenses just want to see if I can get a little more color on the comp expense this quarter came in lower than expected and just want to see if you can give some color on the outlook there. Thanks.
Grayson Hall: Yeah, so our comp expense was down even though we had favorable taxes, there are some things that as I mentioned we are continuing to make investments. And I do think that we have our marine increase that happened kind of mid-quarter, we have our certain incentive grants, they are long-term grants that start in the second quarter but you will see expenses coming through on that too. So I think that we are off to a good start, we are down 538 full-time equivalents start to finish in the quarter. Youll see some run on benefits because all then happened January 1. But, you should see us, you dont see that pick up a bit even though we have favorable tax benefit that won't repeat. We do have some investments and what I mentioned on the compensation increases that will come through in second and later quarters.
John Pancari: And then related to that, sorry one more thing just around, I wanted to get your updated thoughts on operating leverage for the full year given your NIM expectation and spread revenue expectation that you mentioned but also what you just said here around expenses where they're trending?
Grayson Hall: So we are guiding you to 2% to 4% operating leverage. I think if rate stay flat and we have NII close to that 2 or below or end of the range thats a big driver of our operating leverage. And so you would expect to be at the lower range on operating leverage. We feel pretty confident that well be within that, I know we are well ahead of that range in this first quarter but we think it's more appropriate to guide you towards the 2% to 4%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Rob from Matts team. I was just curious how, have you guys disclosed how much energy charge-offs were this quarter, did you guys take any?
Barb Godin: Yeah. This is Barb again. We had no energy charge-offs this quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So as we think about the $50 million to $75 million of losses for the rest of the year, any additional granularity you can give around what segments you expect those losses to come from and timing of those losses?
Barb Godin: Yeah. I would primarily see the losses coming from by and large the oilfield services segment. The E&P segment, we know our collateral is, it doesnt go bad on us, not like its been and is in a truck that we have to worry about. And again these are customers that weve worked with for a long time and so were going to continue to work with those customers. Some of the oilfield services customers are getting pressure, getting squeezed as the E&P customers reduce their CapEx, reduce their cost structure. So thats really where its coming from.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. And just secondly, I was wondering if you can give an update on credit trends youre seeing in the energy heavy markets, Texas, Houston, Louisiana?
Barb Godin: In general, in terms of what were seeing there, Ill start with Texas. Texas, in particular Houston is pretty well diversified. Weve got some information as to how all breaks out in the supplement as well for the four gulf states but were seeing good things in Texas still, things arent as robust as they were, but theyre not doing badly. On the consumer front, were really not seeing much. Were actually looking at all of our consumer portfolios and our customer assistance programs in particular to say, are any customers calling relative to being dislocated from their unemployment or having an issue because theyre either in the energy sector or things such as restaurants and they go to a restaurant and the restaurant business is now down, because of people in the energy sector not going as often.  We have seen virtually things are stable, since the beginning of the year, weve had 39 customers across all of our states calling, saying that theyre somehow tied to the energy sector and that theyre looking for some customer assistance and this is primarily around the auto sector and again, that is up probably maybe 1% over what we would normally assume.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Good morning, guys. Maybe I can follow-up a little bit on the last question, Barb, you talked geographically, but I just wanted to ask a little bit of the question you said earlier about seeing [indiscernible] metals and mining and agriculture and putting some pressure on durable goods companies, can you just help us understand how big a portfolio that is and if we dont see a pickup in oil, are you expecting to actually see losses in some of these portfolios or is it more that youre seeing negative migration?
Barb Godin: Thanks for the question. Firstly, in total, the metals and mining is about an $800 million portfolio with durable goods about $110 million and primarily metals just under $500 million, $480 million and were seeing some pressure in terms of migration into other asset classes. And again thats tied, some of it to energy and as I think of customers who build specifically manufacture the pipeline, those customers clearly have reduced demand. Of course, youve got the pressure because of the strong US dollar and the pressure of whats going on in places like China. So we do see more of that migrating over into the non-past weighted categories. Again, our sense around losses on that still comes back to our overall range of 25 to 35 basis points for the year and that would appropriate the use on that. Our ag portfolio is roughly $800 million as well, primarily in low crops and what we see there again is pressure on those commodities, again given whats going on globally.
Ryan Nash: Got it. David, maybe I can ask a question on the non-interest income, if I look in the first quarter, youre growing at about 10% as a percent of a clip on an annual basis and Im just wondering given the fact how strong its been and the fact that, youre now articulating service charges are likely going to be up for the year, given customer growth, could we actually see our non-interest income growing at the high end, or maybe even a little bit above again, just given the fact that youve done acquisitions, the customer growth is coming in very strong, and there hasnt been -- there dont seem to be that many headwinds in terms of the fee income.
David Turner: Yeah, I think, Ryan, that we have a shot at being at the high end of that. Ive cautioned you to extrapolate what you are seeing for the full year. I would like to say we could get above the 6%, but we are going to guide to the 4% to 6% right now, because there are certain things, capital markets revenues have a tendency to move around a bit, just depends on when transactions get closed. So you could see that move somewhat. Mortgage is susceptible to the rate environment as we see. We feel good and second, third quarters are always strong quarters in mortgage. So we feel good there, but you have things like - from a trust standpoint it continues a little bit on where the market goes. And of course we had the bank-owned life insurance, so I think we carved that out. Thats not going to recur. So I think that we feel good about the investments that we made. We feel good about the performance of those investments, but we need  this is one quarter, we need to get few more under our belt before we can call it above the 6%. 
Ryan Nash: Got it. If I could just squeeze in one last quick one, if I look the capital payout was almost 100% this quarter, clearly the stock is trading at or below tangible book value, so I appreciate you wanting to be tactical, but can we continue to return capital at this kind of pace and as you think out over the next couple of quarters assuming if the stock continues to trade in this range, do you think we can get more aggressive from the 2015 CCAR level?
David Turner: So weve made our submission, we cant talk specifically about whats in it. But I think if you look at our capital where we are today from capital ratio standpoint, it was an expectation over time that we could expect to move our common equity tier 1 into that 9.5% range. The question is what pace will we have to get there. So if you just think about our payout being in the mid-90s last year and growing our loan portfolio 5%, lets just call that $4 billion for easy math, thats about 40 basis points of capital. So do what we are doing right now, we will continue get our capital ratio down and for us we want to make appropriate investments. We understand we trade below tangible book value. It is pretty good investment to buy your shares back which is why weve been doing what we are doing and you should continue to expect that we have an appropriate return to our shareholders, although our focus really is to use our capital for organic growth. Our capital is to be used to expand our business to grow new revenue to make investments in technology and process improvements and of course pay an appropriate dividend to our shareholders. And then after that if there is excess capital and earnings and its repurchasing share from our shareholder which is what we did last year and you should expect that same approach this year.
Ryan Nash: Thanks for taking my questions and great quarter.
Grayson Hall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Jennifer.
Jennifer Demba: Good morning. You just covered my question. Thank you.
Grayson Hall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Grayson Hall: Hi, Geoffrey.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello, thank you for taking the question. On the capital markets business, can you give us a bit more color on what drove that doubling in revenues from last year, what the areas are, where youve been making investments and how much you think you can continue to grow the business?
David Turner: Geoffrey, so we made a number of investments over the past couple of years and the most recent one was our M&A advisory firm that we acquired in the fourth quarter last year. They really are just getting going, so they had a little bit of activity in the first quarter that was nice to see. We expect that business to continue to ramp up and grow over time. We had made investments to get a license under the Fannie Mae DUS program for placement of real estate loans and we had a good quarter there as well. Loan syndication, we have built that out a bit by hiring Stifel and that continued to benefit. So capital markets had a very good quarter and as I mentioned earlier is that that can move around on you from quarter to quarter, but what we see from those investments we are very encouraged. 
Grayson Hall: I mean, Jeff, thats a momentum business. We are very pleased with how they performed this quarter. We obviously feel like we invest a lot in people and product and technology in that space, but today this point, earnings in that business can move around from quarter-to-quarter. But we believe we are on a very positive trajectory and we are continuing to look for opportunities to make more investments in that part of our business. And so we anticipate over time of becoming more and more important to our franchise. 
Geoffrey Elliott: And thinking out longer term, what are the sort of capabilities that you might like to add to that business? 
David Turner: Well, I think what we are going to be careful of is not getting ahead of our sales too much. We have made quite a few investments in capital markets and really have brought on some very talented people, and I think our focus is to continue to execute and grow what we just discussed. I think the purpose of expanding our capital markets is for two primary reasons. One, we want to grow and diversify our revenue and this gives us a chance to grow non-interest revenue. But maybe the most important component of that is we want to be able to bring the entire Regions to our customer to be able to help our customer to succeed. So we have made investments in capabilities that we think can do that. We didnt have -- our capital markets business has been part of Morgan Keegan for a lot of years and when we disposed of that, we disposed the capital markets opportunity. So we are having to rebuild that and we made the investments to do it by acquiring the talent that we need to have and we want to be careful not to go too fast and like I said, we are encouraged by where we are. 
Grayson Hall: And just to be clear, our focus is on debt capital markets platform, David mentioned, Morgan Keegan. There are a number of things that we used to do that we dont aspire to do, but I would say that as we think about building our debt capital markets platform with a focus on meeting customer needs, other capabilities are fixed income, sales and trading. Today, we participate in fixed income underwritings. We would like to lead those opportunities. Just as our syndications revenue is growing. As we win more lead roles, we want to build  lead those fixed income underwrites as well, so thats one capability we dont have today, we will have hopefully in the near future. Low income housing tax credit is a really good business for us, we would like to have some syndication capabilities as we think about building out our origination and distribution model. And so we see a lot of upside in capital markets and debt capital markets revenue over time. But we will be thoughtful in that regard. We are trying to diversify our revenues across a lot spectrum of services for our customers. And to Davids point, most important part is to build capability to service our customers. 
Geoffrey Elliott: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Marty Mosby: Good morning. I wanted to kind of go on the other side of the capital markets equation, which is as you saw the uptick in the revenues, typically that business has corresponding uptick in expenses, which would accentuate to drop that you saw this particular quarter. So just wanted to kind of see if there was any other way that youre approaching it or was that already embedded in the expense number we saw this quarter? 
Grayson Hall: Marty, what we saw along is we really are trying to focus on expense initiatives, so that not only can we improve the overall financial performance of the company and create positive operating leverage, but we also want to do it in a way that allows us to make investments we need to make in other parts of our business. And as David mentioned a moment ago, we had a substantial reduction in workforce over the last quarter. Thats helped us mitigate a lot of the expense growth, but at the same time, make some of these investments. And I will ask John Turner to expand and get a little more color on capital markets and what the expenses there may hold. I would just say that recognizing that our primary investment is in people and people with significant skillset, so to your point there is cost associated with that. I think we are trying to be very thoughtful about the businesses that we enter and the returns that we get in this business making sure that while we are really compensating our associates, we are also earning a fair return for our shareholders as well and to Graysons point, in order to make those investments, weve got to reduce expenses elsewhere which weve been successful doing thus far.
Marty Mosby: David, when you said lower expenses associated with liabilities on employee benefits, was that the BOLI impact or was there something else maybe in the pension plan that you made adjustments to that you may have a sustainable benefit going forward and can you put a little number around that, if that is that? 
David Turner: So, Marty, if you go back, I mentioned the non-interest revenue income was down because truck related trading assets associated with certain of our benefit plans, offset to that was your  the expense you are talking about, so its virtually a one for one. Its in the $10 million, $12 million range.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Mutascio of KBW.
Chris Mutascio: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
David Turner: Thank you.
Chris Mutascio: Hey, David, Ive just got some follow-up. I just want to clarify couple of things, make sure I have it right. The dollar amount of the, I wont call non-recurring, but the things you mentioned that benefitted net interest income in the quarter, was that the $5 million to $7 million I think when you are discussing the premium amortization or was it higher than that including the dividend income from the trading assets?
David Turner: Its both. The 5% to 7% takes both of those. Its 4% to 5% on premium amortization, another 2% to 3% on the dividend.
Chris Mutascio: Okay. I kind of backed into it. I think that was the total amount of the two when I looked at the margin. The second one, just to clarify, I think I had this right too. So you are resetting kind of bar if you will for second quarter for those on the margin, so instead of 3.19 maybe you are looking at adjusted 3.14, but any type of margin compression due to the lack of rising interest rates would be off of the resetting 3.14 number, not the 3.19 number?
David Turner: Thats correct.
Chris Mutascio: Okay, great. Thanks for the clarification.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC Capital Markets.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you hear me now?
Grayson Hall: Yeah.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Okay, great. Thank you, guys. Can you guys share with us what you are seeing in spreads on your corporate loan book or have they  some of the banks have reported that they seem to be stabilizing. Are you guys seeing that in the C&I portfolio or the commercial real estate mortgage portfolio?
John Turner: Gerard, this is John Turner. We are seeing stabilization in pricing still very competitive market and I would say we are competing more on tenure and structure than we are on price. It has been nice to see some stabilization in pricing over the last quarter or two.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then in regards, I just want to go back, I think you guys mentioned about the special mention loans coming down as the energy portfolio has migrated to different classes, was the drop in special mention entirely energy or were there some others that cause that number to decline.
Barb Godin: Its Barb again. Pretty broad based decline, in fact if you look at our delinquencies, 30-day delinquencies were down, 90-day delinquencies were down and action what we did in energy all of other credit metrics would be down as well including our reserve. We would not have built as much reserve, we may  we even had a small release had it not been for us providing for energy.
Gerard Cassidy: I see. And were the actions youve taken in energy this quarter as a result of the Shared National Credit exam as well as your own internal observations or whats going on with the portfolio?
Barb Godin: As we mentioned, we did incorporate the Shared National Credit exam, but again looking at these credits on a daily, weekly, monthly basis, we are in constant contact with our customers. Our portfolio is very granular. Between oil field services and the E&P customers there is less than 80 customers in total, so we are staying in constant contact with them, working with them and real understanding of whats going on with them and thats one of the reason that we moved credits into various classifications as weve got better information from them.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And just last question, I apologize if you have addressed this already. In terms of the loans that went into non-performing status, the energy loans, what percentage of those loans were part of syndicated credits were you were participant versus loans that you may have originated on your own?
Barb Godin: That would be the majority of them. I don't have an exact percentage for you but it would be the majority of them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Winter of Sterne Agee.
Peter Winter: When I look at the balance sheet, it tends to be more levered to the long end of the curve then most of your peers. And with the tenure really coming down so much during the quarter, Im just wondering if the tenure were to move back up, would that help stabilize the margin. And then secondly, is there anything you can do in terms of like remixing the balance sheet to be a little bit more reliant on the shorter end of the curve?
Grayson Hall: Well, so youre exactly right, if you look at our sensitivity, our sensitivity is more so to the back end to the long end than the short end. And as tenure does pick back up then you would see that manifests itself in two ways, one better reinvestment rates and two lower premium amortization. And were forecasting our premium amortization to go up because of the reduction in the tenure but that can be short lived as you know pretty volatile and were positioned exactly where want to be. It was intentional and we think it was the right thing to do for us.
Peter Winter: And then just one quick follow-up. On the loan portfolio commercial real estate, the owner occupied that continuous to decline and I'm just wondering if there is light at the end of the tunnel where it starts to flatten out maybe you can get a little bit growth going forward?
John Turner: Yes, I mean if you look at our loan portfolio, almost every category is now growing and the vast majority of the markets we operate in are showing that loan growth but the one lending segment that's been slow to demonstrate growth has been the only occupied space which is predominantly small to medium size businesses and a lot of that is in amortizing portfolio thats used to expand plant and equipment. We still not seen that small business owner return to the market with courage to invest and expand. We keep thinking, well reach a pivot point in that business. Production is remarkably strong in that part of the business over the last couple of quarters but you know outstanding on a net basis is still continues to decline. We still think our expectations are that it will pivot at some point but we still think were ways away from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Harbes of Wells Fargo.
Jason Harbes: Most of my questions has been answered but just wanted to follow up on the coverage ratio guidance, I think you guys gave back at the Investor Day, you said you know 120 to 140 basis points is about the right range this quarter pretty much the high end of the range with the energy-related reserve built. Just wanted to get a feel for it, is that still kind of the right way we should be thinking about in light of some of the makeshift with the greater focus on card and some of the other peer-to-peer lending activity.
Barb Godin: And again 120 to 140 that we touched on back then you know that's just a general rule of thumb, youre going to see some of our peer companies still lower than that, some go higher than that. So there is more specific sweet spots that were looking for regarding our process play out each quarter and if we did look at the higher end, a little over as 140 this time but again that will be different each quarter as we taken in all of the information that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jack Micenko of Susquehanna.
Jack Micenko: Most of my questions have been answered but wanted to ask about auto, it's been a bright spot for the portfolio has grown nicely. Have you made any changes there around underwriting a product type with some of the concerns that are sort of cropped up at the lower end of the market? And then I guess secondly, do you think if SAAR is down something modestly make sure you can continue to grow that portfolio?
John Turner: Well, I mean I think it's been a very good as you say, it's been a good growth market for us and if weve shown some fairly good growth rates, albeit from a fairly low level of outstandings that we had in the balance sheet. Its a business we reentered a few years ago. We have continued to adjust our credit underwriting standards on that business overtime as weve seen the market change. We tried to stay very rigorous and disciplined in that regard. We have modified some of our adjustments to try to reduce the duration of the portfolio. Weve made some adjustments that have tried to narrow the part of the market that were willing to lend into.  I think that our actions have, to a certain degree for all of the amount of volume that we get, but volume that were getting is of a quality that we feel good about and the performance that we see is strong. I just remind you that we only deal with preferred dealers, we dont anticipate in the subprime market, to any great extent, and we do not have any leasing products. So we feel, were pretty plain and simple in how we approach the auto market and trying to stay disciplined in how we participate. I do think the latter part of your question is depending on what sales volumes are for that industry will clearly drive what opportunities we have for origination growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jesus Bueno of Compass Point.
Jesus Bueno: Hi, everyone. Thank you for taking my questions. Very quickly, you touched on small business lending, do you have any update on the foundation partnership and perhaps how that did and now that you have one kind of full quarter of that and perhaps even expectations for this year?
Grayson Hall: I would say its still too early to call. Were pleased with the early results of that partnership. Weve not publicly released any of those performance metrics, but I would say that while were pleased, its still too early for us to make any sort of public announcement on where we think thats going and its still relatively small contributor to our origination, youll see us doing a number of these innovative partnerships. In aggregate, they should be very meaningful, but on an individual basis, theyre all incremental.
Jesus Bueno: Great. Thank you. And just again on the reserve build for energy this quarter, approximately how much of that, kind of 2% increase in the energy reserve was directly related to the results of that exam, would you say primarily the whole thing or was there a large portion of it?
David Turner: Well, again, as Barb Godin had said earlier, were not going to comment directly on that exam. What well tell you in general is that we use all input that we get, both internally and externally in talking to our customers and all of the input weve gotten from all sorts and have been accounted for in how we reserve this quarter.
Jesus Bueno: Fair enough. And Ill just slip one more in. On mortgages quickly, I guess the volumes were pretty solid this quarter and looked to be better than I guess what was anticipated, I guess how do you feel kind of in the first three weeks of the second quarter, I guess going into this quarter, how are your pipelines and I guess have you also had any lingering effects from trades still in the first quarter and anticipating that for the second quarter?
Grayson Hall: Well, I would tell you, first quarter, were very encouraged by how the fundamentals of the company are performing. We are seeing good solid results across almost all of our businesses, and almost all of our geographies and so if you look at the fundamentals of the company and how we performed, I think we think we had a good solid quarter. We do have some headwinds in the energy portfolio and metals and mining and we are addressing those in a very rigorous and disciplined manner, but on a net basis, we feel pretty good about it and we think that the fundamental performance that were seeing in the first quarter should continue into the second quarter.  As we mentioned earlier, we have seen a softness in our sales pipelines in the first quarter, which should make second quarter a little more uncertain than we would like. But I would say that we continue to be encouraged by the progress we are making. We dont think there has been any impact of TRID at this point in time and dont anticipate that in the second quarter, but continuing to make mortgage  continuing to make progress. And as David said earlier, if you look at our mortgage business in particular, second and third quarters always seasonally the best quarters we have of the year and so we do anticipate second quarter being better in that regard. 
Jesus Bueno: Great. Appreciate the color. Congrats on the quarter. And thanks for taking my questions. 
Grayson Hall: Thank you.
David Turner: Thank you.
Grayson Hall: I believe we have more questions. 
Operator: We have one more question. Your final question comes from Jill Shea of Credit Suisse.
Jill Shea: Good morning. Just on the deposit service fees, I mean, held up quite well in the quarter just given the seasonality and the full quarter impact of the posting order changes. Can you just talk about the underlying account growth momentum youre seeing and sort of how that ties into the outlook for fee growth going forward?
David Turner: So as I mentioned in the prepared comments, we actually had grown checking accounts last year about 2%, we have grown checking accounts this year, and we have our full quarter service charges from the posting order impact that started November last year, so we kind of got a mid-quarter last quarter, full quarter this quarter, we think we are off to seeing service charges increase modestly as we go throughout 2016. A big driver of that is our ability to grow customer accounts, both last year and this year. 
Grayson Hall: Jill, I would tell you that the account growth has been very steady and very solid and broad across our franchise footprint. Really encouraging is that consumers continue to build liquidity. We are seeing very strong liquidity metrics on the consumer side. And we are also seeing the number of active cards, both debit cards and credit cards, number of active cards are up as well as the number of transactions for cards are up. I would comment that credit card balances are up modestly, its usually the seasonal time of the year, but we saw average credit balances up 2% to 3%. We are probably up 8% year-over-year. But thats in the face of strong double-digit transaction activity on cards. But customers are being fiscally conservative and we are not seeing balances go up remarkably, but we are seeing go up modestly. But transaction activity is very strong and so we are encouraged. 
Jill Shea: Great, thanks. 
Grayson Hall: Well, if thats a last question, we appreciate everyone attending our call today. We thank you for your time and attention. And we look forward to seeing you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: List Underwood - Director, IR Grayson Hall - CEO David Turner - CFO Barb Godin - Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs David Eads - UBS Steve Moss - Evercore ISI Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Stephen Scouten - Sandler O'Neill John Hearn - RBC Capital Markets Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners Peter Winter - Sterne, Agee & Leach Jack Micenko - SIG Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
List Underwood: Thank you, Operator and good morning everyone. We appreciate your participation in our call today. Our presenters are Grayson Hall, our Chief Executive Officer and David Turner, our Chief Financial Officer. Other members of management are present as well and available to answer questions as appropriate. Also as part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of www.Regions.com. Also let me remind you that in the call and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. For further details, please reference our forward-looking disclaimer that is located in the appendix section of the presentation. With that said, I will turn it over now to Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Good morning and thank you, List. I want to say just a few words about List Underwood before we get started with our financial results. As we announced earlier this week, List will be retiring at the end of the month. He's been with Regions for 23 years and has been a trusted advisor and valued member of our management team. His impressive career spans 43 years and today marks his 90th earnings call with our company. List, congratulations, we will certainly miss you as you start your new phase in life and wish you the very best in retirement.
List Underwood: Thank you, Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Moving on to results, overall we're pleased and encouraged by our achievements and results in 2015. During the year, we focused on the fundamentals, growing and deepening our customer relationships, while also strengthening our financial performance by investing in initiatives that will drive revenue growth and create a more efficient and effective organization in the future. As a result, we're a much stronger organization today and are committed to continuing to build sustainable franchise value. For the fourth quarter, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $272 million, bringing our full-year 2015 total to $1 billion. Earnings per share for the quarter totaled $0.21 per diluted share and $0.76 per diluted share for the full year. These results reflect growth in total adjusted revenue despite a challenging operating environment. Importantly, we continue to deliver results in categories that we believe are fundamental to future income growth, including checking accounts, households, Regions360 relationships and credit card accounts. For example, checking accounts grew by more than 2% during the year and active credit cards increased 11%. We remain focused on expanding and deepening relationships through our needs-based approach to relationship banking and our 2015 results demonstrate that this approach is working. During the year, we delivered strong average deposit growth of $3 billion or 4%. The mix of our deposits continues to strengthen as 92% are now low cost deposits and as we have noted before, our markets provide us with unique and competitive advantages from a deposit composition perspective. In 2015, we achieved solid adjusted loan growth of $5 billion or 6% from the prior year. Adjusted loans and leases include a lease reclassification adjustments which David will speak to shortly. Both business and consumer grew loans with total production for the year of $66 billion, an increase of 12% from 2014. Business lending had an excellent year, growing adjusted loans 7%. Commercial banking, corporate banking and real estate banking all grew loans and 95% of our markets achieved loan growth, reflecting the strength of our business model as local bankers collaborate with industry and product specialists to grow loans. In particular, within corporate banking, our specialized industries group experienced solid growth led by technology and defense, as well as franchise restaurant. And the Real Estate Investment Trust lending business was strong throughout the year. Consumer lending was also strong in 2015. Total loans exceeded $30 billion at year end, an increase of 5% over 2014. Mortgage led this growth with loans increasing $496 million or 4%. Additionally, our new point of sale initiative bolstered growth in indirect lending with increased loans of $339 million. Additionally, credit card balances increased 7% from the previous year which drove growth in card and ATM income of $30 million or 9%. Total adjusted revenue for the year increased 2% over 2014, reflecting growth in the balance sheet and investments we made to grow and diversify our revenue. Capital markets income was exceptionally strong, increasing $31 million. Our recent acquisition of BlackArch Partners as well as our planned initiatives are expected to further augment capital markets' income in the future. Wealth management had a strong year with income increasing 10% over the prior year. Our focus to grow wealth management by continuing to retain, recruit and develop talent was evident in the success of our financial consultants and insurance initiatives. During 2015, we executed on our capital plan, returning 93% of earnings to shareholders which is expected to be one of the highest percentages among our peers. We also made several small yet important investments and acquisitions in 2015 that will help drive future income. These transactions were a prudent and optimal use of our capital, enabling us to expand our capabilities and product offerings to supplement future revenue growth. With respect to the economic environment, while the U.S. economy is still slow and steadily improving, there is a clear significant pressure from the global economy. Low oil prices continue to create challenges for certain industries while benefiting others. Consequently, we continue to closely monitor our energy portfolio. As expected, there continues to be downward migration in risk ratings in this portfolio. These shifts will continue if oil prices remain at current levels. However, we remain in close contact with our energy customers and believe that we're taking appropriate actions to mitigate vulnerabilities. We continue to prudently build reserves which now stand at 6% of our direct energy exposure. As a result, we're cautious, but we expect the future losses related to this portfolio to be managed. As we begin 2016, we remain committed to our three primary strategic initiatives. First, grow and diversify our revenue streams. Secondarily, to practice disciplined expense management and lastly, to effectively deploy our capital. These are all integral to the successful execution of our strategic plan. We continue to operate in a challenging environment that requires us to focus on what we can control. To that end, as we discussed in our Investor Day in November of last year, it's essential that we take more aggressive steps as relates to expense management. Our goal is to eliminate $300 million of core expenses over the next three years, approximately 9% of the 2015 adjusted expense base. This plan which is underway will help us fund our growth initiatives and build sustainable franchise value. In summary, 2015 was a solid year for Regions. We accomplished a great deal while laying the foundation for future earnings growth. With that, I will now turn it over to David, who will cover the details for the fourth quarter. David?
David Turner: Thank you and good morning everyone. I will take you through the fourth quarter details and then provide our expectations for 2016. As Grayson noted, 2015 was a solid year for Regions and the year ended particularly strong which sets us up well for 2016. Before I get started, during the fourth quarter, Regions corrected the accounting for certain leases which had previously been included in loans. These leases had been classified as capital leases but were subsequently determined to be operating leases. The cumulative effect on pretax income lowered net interest income and other financing income $15 million and reduced the net interest margin by 5 basis points in the quarter. The adjustment resulted in a reclassification of these leases out of loans into other earning assets totaling approximately $834 million at the end of the quarter. The company does not expect this adjustment to have a material impact to net interest income or other financing income or net interest margin in any future reporting period. With respect to the balance sheet, adjusted loan and lease balances totaled $82 billion at the end of the fourth quarter and were up $1 billion or 1% from the previous quarter. Business lending achieved solid growth withed adjusted balances totaling $52 billion at quarter end, an increase of 1%. Adjusted commercial loans grew $563 million or 1%. Commitments increased 2% and line utilization increased 30 basis points to 46.3%. Consumer lending had another strong quarter with every loan category increasing. Loans in this portfolio totaled $30 billion, an increase of 1% over the prior quarter. Indirect auto lending increased 2% and other indirect lending which includes point of sale initiatives, increased $55 million linked quarter or 11%. We're pleased with the results of this new initiative. Year-to-date, loans in this portfolio have increased $339 million and we expect continued growth in 2016. Looking at the credit card portfolio, balances increased 6% from the previous quarter and our penetration rate into our deposit base now stands at 17.3%, up 160 basis points from the fourth quarter of last year. Mortgage loan balances increased $81 million and total home equity balances increased $31 million from the previous quarter as new production continued to outpace portfolio runoff. Let's take a look at deposits. Average deposit balances increased $322 million and ending balances increased over $1.2 billion during this quarter. Deposit costs remained at historically low levels at 11 basis points and total funding costs remained low at 26 basis points. With respect to deposits, we're primarily core deposit funded with 74% of our deposits coming from consumer and wealth deposits. Low cost deposits were 92% of total deposits. Approximately half of our deposits come from cities with less than 1 million people and 50% of our deposits are from customers with $250,000 or less in their account. This is why we believe our deposit betas will be a competitive advantage for us as rates rise. Let's look at how this impacted our results. Interest income and other financing income on a fully taxable basis was $866 million, essentially flat with last quarter. However, excluding the impact of the lease adjustment, net interest income and other financing income increased $15 million or 2%. Higher loan balances and balance sheet hedging and optimization strategies were the primary drivers behind the linked quarter increase along with interest recoveries. The benefit from interest recoveries is not expected to be at this level in the first quarter, approximately $4 million less going toward. The overall increase in net interest income and other financing income was partially offset by fixed asset repricing. The net interest margin was 3.08%. However, excluding the lease adjustment, net interest margin was 3.13% or flat with the previous quarter. Total non-interest income increased 4% on an adjusted basis from the third quarter, driven primarily by gains on sales of affordable housing investments and by higher card and ATM income. Card and ATM fees increased 3%, primarily related to an increase in commercial bank card usage, an increase in the number of active cards at 3.7% and an increase in seasonal consumer spending. Service charges were impacted by posting order changes that went into effect in early November and reduced non-interest income by approximately $7 million. We expect the ongoing impact of this change to be at the lower end of our previously stated $10 million to $15 million quarterly range. Wealth management income was down slightly quarter over quarter due to lower insurance income, partially offset by higher investment management and trust fee income. Capital markets income was relatively flat linked quarter as revenue from new product and service offerings was offset primarily by lower loan syndication fees. Let's move on to expenses. Total reported expenses in the fourth quarter were $873 million. On an adjusted basis, expenses totaled $861 million, representing a decline of $33 million or 4% from the prior quarter. This included a decrease of $24 million in FDIC fees, primarily due to additional expenses of $23 million in the third quarter related to prior assessments. The expected quarterly run rate for this expense is in the $22 million to $24 million range, excluding the impact of the proposed FDIC surcharge. Additionally, the fourth quarter benefited from lower expenses related to unfunded commitment cost of $12 million. Salaries and benefits increased $8 million or 2% linked quarter, primarily attributable to $6 million in severance related expenses. We also incurred $6 million of expenses related to 29 branch consolidations. Our adjusted efficiency ratio was 63.4% in the fourth quarter, but excluding the $15 million lease adjustment, the adjusted efficiency ratio was 62.7%. As discussed at Investor Day, we will continue to make investments to grow our business. However, we must be more efficient in everything we do. As Grayson noted, our plan to become a more efficient organization, including the elimination of $300 million in core expenses, is underway. Let's move on to asset quality. Total net charge-offs increased $18 million to $78 million and represented 38 basis points of average loans. This increase was primarily related to one large charge-off in the energy loan portfolio. Total business services criticized and classified loans increased $117 million, driven by some weakening in a small number of larger loans primarily within the energy portfolio. However, total non-accrual loans excluding loans held for sale declined from the third quarter. Troubled debt restructured loans or TDRs also declined, down 1% from the prior quarter. The provision for loan losses was $69 million and our allowance for loan losses was down 2 basis points to 1.36% at the end of the fourth quarter. And at quarter end, our loan loss allowance to non-accrual loans or coverage ratio was 141%. Regarding our energy portfolio, while oil prices have declined, exposure remains manageable. Should oil prices remain at current levels, charge-offs will be in the $50 million to $75 million range in 2016. The energy charge-off taken this quarter reduces the previous range of $50 million to $100 million. Additionally, we currently have just over $150 million reserved or 6% of our direct energy exposure. Given where we're in the credit cycle, volatility in certain credit metrics can be expected, especially related to larger dollar commercial credits in our portfolio and fluctuating commodity prices. Let's move on to capital and liquidity. During 2015, we returned $925 million to shareholders which included the repurchase of $621 million of common stock and $304 million in dividends. Under Basel III, the Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 11.7% and the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 10.9%. On a fully phased-in basis, Common Equity Tier 1 was estimated at 10.7%, well above current regulatory minimums. Our loan to deposit ratio at the end of the quarter was 83% and at the end of the quarter, we were fully compliant as it relates to the liquidity coverage ratio. Now let me give you an overview of our current expectations for 2016. We expect total loan growth to be in the 3% to 5% range on an average basis, excluding the impact of the operating lease reclassification. And regarding deposits, we expect full-year average deposit growth in the 2% to 4% range. And commensurate with our loan growth projections, we expect net interest income and other financing income to increase in the 2% to 4% range. Now, should we experience no additional rate increases, we expect to be at the lower end of that range. As a result of our investments, we expect to grow adjusted non-interest income somewhere in the 4% to 6% range. We will continue to make investments in 2016. However, we have also begun to execute our plan to eliminate $300 million of core expenses, of which 35% to 45% will occur in 2016. Therefore, we expect total adjusted non-interest expenses in 2016 to be flat to up modestly from 2015. We expect to achieve an efficiency ratio of less than 63% in 2016 and positive operating leverage somewhere in the 2% to 4% range. We still expect our net charge-offs to be in the 25 to 35 basis point range. However, given the current price of oil, we would expect to be at the top end of that range. In closing, the fourth quarter was a strong finish to a solid year. The investments we made in 2015 position us well for 2016 and beyond and we look forward to updating you on the progress throughout the year as we continue to build sustainable franchise value. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning. And I will now turn it back over to List for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
List Underwood: Thank you, David. We're ready to begin the Q&A session of our call. In order to accommodate as many participants as possible this morning, I would like to ask each caller to please limit yourself to one primary question and one related follow-up question. Now let's open the line, operator, for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Maybe we will just start off on credit. First, can you maybe give us a little more color on the loss you took, what type of loan was it? Is there any credit of left? I guess when you think about the reserve that you've taken, the roughly 6%, what does your reserve contemplate for oil prices? We've heard others say that if oil prices stayed at this level, you could see another incremental amount of provision. Just wondering what that number would be for you.
Barb Godin: I will address the second part. The first part was an energy credit that's been around for a few years with M&A activity which originally led to the credit. It is a shared national credit. There's five banks involved in it. We saw some distress in this credit in the early part of the year. We have been working this credit really hard during the course of this year and it simply came to conclusion near tend the end of the year. What we've done is we have appropriately marked that credit. We've taken the loss on that credit as you've heard. And we've moved the residual balance into our held for sale and we anticipate that we will have that out of our held for sale numbers by the end of -- we're hoping January, but certainly this quarter it will be out of our numbers. Back to individual credit, the charge-off on that was approximately $25 million just for rounding. In terms of how we think about our reserve and look at prices as we work our way through our process, in the backs of our minds, we look at our price deck, our price deck is roughly $36 right now, sensitivity, $28.90. So we're looking in that range as we determine and establish what those numbers should be, but we're also looking very heavily at each and every individual customer, what their cash flow looks like, what our collateral looks like, what our asset coverage is. We currently have asset coverage of 1.71 times on the E&P book as an example. So again, in conversations and we have some ongoing conversations with our customers because we really do have a small number of customers, we still believe that repayment ability is adequate with them and again establish our reserves accordingly.
Ryan Nash: Got it. And then David had commented in his prepared remarks that you're expecting charge-offs to be towards the high end of the 25 to 35. I guess from both a portfolio, whether it's metals and mining or some other related areas or even if it's across different geographies, whether it's Texas or Louisiana or anywhere else that's exposed to oil and gas, are you seeing any other changing in credit patterns? Whether it's ticks up in delinquencies or anything that's having an impact on either growth or the overall credit performance.
Barb Godin: No, we're keeping a really close eye on all of that. There is some pressure certainly on commodities in general across the industry, as you know and that's just given the strong U.S. dollar, what's going on in Europe and in China in terms of the dislocation of the market. There is some pressure there. But we've seen nothing yet that is significantly concerning.
Ryan Nash: All right. Maybe just one last quick one, David, just can you help us understand the trajectory of the net interest margin, I guess maybe both based on the forward curve and if we don't get any additional rate hikes in 2016, where do you think the NIM would trend over the course of the year?
David Turner: A little bit of guidance in terms of -- if we don't get another change, we will be at the lower end of our 2% to 4% guidance that we've given you. Also gave you a little bit of guidance in my prepared comments in terms of margin. We did have unusual recovery, interest recoveries. We think about $4 million of that won't repeat going forward. But we're looking for a relatively stable NIM. This is adjusting by the way for the lease accounting. We were at 3.08% on net interest margin, 5 points related to lease adjustments, so 3.13% would have made us flat. And we're looking for a relatively stable, just to remind everybody, that's been 1 or 2 points either side of where we're, for 2016. So we're looking for that guidance in terms of growth in NII that we've really been focusing on to be that 2% to 4% through the year. So you may see some unusual changes in a given quarter, but you've got to keep the year in mind when thinking about NIIs or trajectory.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Eads of UBS.
David Eads: Maybe following up on energy, when I look at the -- you guys had some disclosure on the criticized loans which I thought was pretty interesting. When you look at it, the criticized loans are actually higher on a percentage basis in the E&P portfolio compared to oilfield services. So I was wondering if you could talk a little about what you're seeing that has you more comfortable with the exposures on the E&P side and I guess maybe a little bit less so on the oilfield services.
Barb Godin: It's Barb Godin. I will be happy to answer that. As we do our redeterminations and we just finished up our fall redeterminations, just about done, what happens is as you readjust the borrowing base and again, for fall redeterminations this year, borrowing base adjustments downwards were a little under 8%. Notwithstanding if that causes an over-advance, what we will immediately do is call that loan a criticized loan and move it into a non-pass category. Again, that would account for the reason that we have roughly 48% of our E&P book that is shown right now as criticized. Having said that, we have a rigorous process as well around our oilfield services portfolio, as you can see on the chart that we did provide, 32 customers make up 75% of that portfolio. So we're able to stay in constant and close contact with them. Again, as we see any weakness there, again, we're very quick to move it into a criticized category.
David Eads: Just maybe to follow up on that, on the E&P portfolio, if you have 400 -- close to half of the loans were in -- a lot of those were in an over-advanced position, I would think they'd only be further over-advanced position now where oil prices have gone since the redetermination was complete. So would that suggest that criticized loans, the real criticized exposure might even be higher than that?
Barb Godin: No. If I take the spring redetermination that we did, that was somewhere between -- let's just use roughly 15% reduction in borrowing basis. Now we're saying there's an incremental 8%, I will round it up, on top of that, so roughly 23% reduction in borrowing base. Remember as well in the industry, customers get a six-month cure period in which they're able to cure and we have seen a number of customers. Again, those earlier in the year that had access to capital markets and even now those that are still very strong have access to capital markets and they're able to take themselves out of an over-advanced position.
David Eads: Okay. Maybe just as we think about the dislocations we're seeing in the markets right now, I know it's fairly early, but do you guys have any sense of how that -- if this continues, how that would impact the strategy you guys have for growing the capital markets and wealth management businesses? Is there anything that's particularly sensitive to market activity levels that you'd be more concerned about the growth trajectory?
David Turner: This is David. I will tell you that we're creating these new products and services. The driver of that is because our customers need that and we're looking to have a more fulsome offering to our customers. And we're out there talking to them and feel very good about where they stand right now which is why I reiterated our guidance for 2016 on things like loan growth being in the 3% to 5%. In our discussions with our customers, we still see the domestic economy being okay. We're looking at 2%, 2.5% GDP and so there is this dislocation that's happening here of late, but as we see our customers, we believe they need the products and services, the capital markets investments we're making we think are going to be very strong and looking for that to continue and help us get to that 4% to 6% growth rate that we're expecting in non-interest revenue.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore IS.
Steve Moss: It's actually Steve Moss for John. I guess first off for List, congratulations and good luck on your retirement here.
List Underwood: Thank you. Thank you.
Steve Moss: And wanted to ask about energy again. Just wondering here with regard to oil -- if it declines further to $20 to $25, let's say, what are your potential losses there?
Grayson Hall: I will ask Barb to reiterate and complete this statement, but when we look at our energy portfolio, we have got a very disciplined process of calculating probability defaults and loss given defaults. We've got the redeterminations we're doing on the E&P portfolio twice a year. So we feel good about the level of rigor and discipline around our process that drives that evaluation of how much we reserve based on what we think the incurred losses may be. And so I think our confidence in that process is very solid. We're staying disciplined around that process and if oil prices continue to decline, that process is going to drive risk ratings down on some of our credits and will drive a higher level of criticized classified loans and will drive how we reserve against those loans. But it will be on an incurred loss basis. Until that incurred loss occurs from an accounting perspective, our process is going to determine that. So Barb, you want to add too?
Barb Godin: I think what I would add to that is, the operative word here being how long will oil prices stay depressed and you mentioned somewhere in the $20 a barrel range. And again, if it's in the $20 a barrel range and it stays there for an entire year, it could be in terms of charge-offs -- this is not provision -- could be up to an incremental $50 million and that is based on some back of the envelope versus anything precise, I would have to tell you. But again, that's not our view and I don't think it's the view of the industry at this point that oil is going to stay sub-$30 for any length of time.
Steve Moss: Okay. And then with regard to the criticized level, you indicated on the E&P is 48%, was just wondering what is the total amount of criticized loans in the energy portfolio?
Barb Godin: Total amount of criticized loans in terms of everything including the operating leases we had, $900 million.
Steve Moss: Yes. Okay.
Barb Godin: $900 million on 3.2 or 28%.
Steve Moss: And then I guess one more thing. With regard to the margin, just a little more color here in terms of short-term expectations for the margin given the first Fed hike, how we should think about the margin in first quarter.
David Turner: So I try to give you a little bit more global view of where we thought NII margin was going. So we start breaking it down. We get pretty granular. There's puts and takes either way. If you just want to focus on that component of the December increase, we're probably benefiting in the $5 million to $10 million range in the first quarter, but remember there's some other things going the other way. You've got day counts, about a $5 million working against you. You've got the interest reversal of $4 million that I talked about in my prepared comments. So I think it's better to look overall at the guidance in terms of relatively stable margin and growth in NII in that 2% to 4% range commensurate with the loan growth that we talked about of 3% to 5%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott: So on energy again, looking at the build from 4.7% reserves that you talked about at the Investor Day for 3Q up to the 6% and then taking into account the charge-offs as well, to me it looks like almost all of the provisioning in the quarter related to the energy portfolio. Is that the right way to be thinking about it or am I missing something there?
Barb Godin: No, you're actually thinking about it right. If you look at the balance of our book, the balance of our book actually improved and we were able to reallocate that provision over to the energy customer.
David Turner: If you looked at the credit quality of our book and you ex energy, then the balance of our book performed very well this past quarter and we continue to see improvements in almost all of our credit metrics. But if you look at -- you add the energy back in and to Mark's point, there's stress in that sector, but because the way our portfolio's performing, it allowed us to build reserves around the energy portfolio.
Geoffrey Elliott: Just a follow-up, you've mentioned commodities a couple of times in the discussion. Can you just remind us where the other commodities exposures are and how stress in commodities beyond oil and gas could have some impact on credit?
Barb Godin: As I think about commodities, firstly our book in commodities we have roughly $400 million in fabricated metal and primary metals and another $430 million, so just to give you a rough sense for the size of the book. Again, a lot of those commodities in terms of metals, that's also an indirect hit, so to speak, from what's happening in the oil sector because they rely on a lot of those metals to provide piping, et cetera. You're seeing a secondary knock-on effect and one that we're keeping a close eye on.
Grayson Hall: We have a fairly minor exposure to agriculture.
Barb Godin: Yes, $800 million in ag.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Scouten of Sandler O'Neill.
Stephen Scouten: Question for you maybe on the expenses, you had some nice progress here in the quarter. I'm wondering is any of that going to reverse out in the coming quarter, especially maybe that $12 million on unfunded commitments that was saved? And maybe beyond that, are you still expecting about 35% to 45% of the $300 million in saves to come out here in 2016?
Grayson Hall: So we do expect 35% to 45% of the $300 million to come out in 2016. And you're right, the reason we broke that out separately is that is not something that's expected to benefit at least to the degree we had in the second quarter. So we wanted to call it out separately so you could take that into account in your model.
Stephen Scouten: Okay. And just on a net basis, do you still believe that the $300 million really just allows you to keep overall expenses relatively flat and maybe even still up on a total dollar amount for 2016?
Grayson Hall: That's right, Stephen. We're calling for continuing to make investments to grow NIR, utilizing our savings of the $300 million, at least the 35%, 45% of that to help us keep expenses relatively flat to up modestly from the level that we're reporting for 2015.
Stephen Scouten: And then maybe if I could on capital and the buyback, it seems like you got about $350 million remaining maybe relative to the CCAR ask. Could that be accelerated in the quarter based on where the stock is trading now with it under tangible book? Is that something where you guys can take advantage of where the stock's trading currently?
Grayson Hall: Any change to -- $350 million is right, $175 million generally in each quarter. In order to change the amount and/or timing requires an approval from our regulatory supervisors and there is a mechanism for doing that. But we have to assess that and can't guarantee there would be any change from what's already been approved.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
John Hearn: This is actually John Hearn on for Gerard. Just two questions for you. The first back to the criticized balance for the energy portfolio, can you tell us what it was in the third quarter?
Barb Godin: Criticized balance? It was roughly $300 million less.
John Hearn: $300 million less.
Barb Godin: I can get you an exact number after the call.
John Hearn: And then more broadly, the regulators in December I believe they expressed some concern about underwriting standards for CRE and construction lending. Can you comment a bit about what you're seeing in those segments and are you beginning to see any changes since the comments came out?
Barb Godin: No, in fact, we're feeling very good about our book CRE and construction lending, we used to have a book that was very heavy previously going back several years. And we've taken a lot of lessons from that to ensure that we understand what we're putting on our books and that we need to feel comfortable both in a stress situation as well as a normal situation. So we have been very deliberate about what we're putting on the books. We have not had very much growth, came off a very low base in terms of growing that book and again, very deliberate on the types of credits that we're willing to underwrite. So again from a credit perspective, I feel very comfortable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Marinac of FIG Partners.
Christopher Marinac: Just wanted to ask about where acquisitions may fit in, in select markets if at all this next year.
Grayson Hall: Chris, we certainly are very analytical and disciplined about how we focus on acquisitions. Quite frankly, our primary focus has been on bolt-on acquisitions in the non-bank space. 2015, we did two relatively small transactions that you're familiar with. We continue to look at the marketplace and we still think there's opportunities in both our wealth segment as well as our capital markets segment and insurance segments for bolt-on acquisitions. We continue to look. I think the expectation is these are going to be relatively small in size and still at this juncture we're -- valuations are that predominantly our interest is in the non-bank space.
Christopher Marinac: Grayson, if pricing did change, would you reconsider the bank side or would that have to shift a lot to affect that?
Grayson Hall: As markets change, we always reconsider. So markets change, we try to analyze what the changes are and see where the opportunities are.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Winter of Sterne Agee.
Peter Winter: Just want to go back to the 2016 expectations. The operating leverage of 2% to 4%, if the revenues come in a little bit weaker than expected, would you guys let more of the expense saves fall to the bottom line to ensure that operating leverage that you're forecasting?
David Turner: We looked at a lot of different scenarios, Peter, in terms of committing to the 2% to 4% or at least indicating if we could get to 2% to 4% operating leverage, there are a lot of different scenarios. We believe through our expectations of revenue growth and our expectations of expense management that we will get there. The combination of how we get there may change and we will adjust, adapt and overcome. But our goal is to generate that positive operating leverage regardless of the environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jack Micenko of SIG.
Jack Micenko: One of the industry conferences in the fourth quarter, I think you had disclosed that you were moving towards the upper end on the branch closure range that you gave at Investor Day. Does that still hold you true? And then the second question would be, the cadence of those closures, should we think about -- is there any guidance we can think about in dealing with modeling some of those onetime charges that we saw like in this quarter?
David Turner: Jack, so we did say we were looking at 100 to 150 branches. We said we would probably be towards the upper end of that through our strategic planning period. We've announced 29. We continue to look each and every day at how to best optimize our branch footprint which has included even opening some new ones at times. But it's hard to get the cadence down to give you that commitment up front because it's all facts and circumstances based. We have to look at our footprint, what's going on in the footprint. We have a lot of coordination that has to happen. What I can tell you is so we had a $6 million charge on the 29 branches that we closed or made a decision on consolidating this quarter. There will be another roughly $6 million associated with those branches, so it's -- call it $12 million. And we expect a payback on that of about two years which is what we've had historically. So all branches aren't created equal, they're all a little different. If you go back and look at all of our branch consolidations, it will give you a feel for what that charge might be over time, but it's hard for me to give you precise timing.
Jack Micenko: And then obviously you have a large, large portion of your deposits are consumer. Have you been feeling any pressure on the commercial side to pass on any of the rate increase some of the other banks have talked about today?
Grayson Hall: No, at this juncture we just have not seen deposit rate pressures. Given such a fairly modest increase in rates, the pressure from any part of our depository base has been very muted. We continue to watch very closely what our competitors are and watch very closely what our customers are saying to us. But quite to the contrary, we continue to grow deposits and in fact grow low cost deposits at a pretty healthy pace. And so we're not seeing that particular issue arise at this juncture.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Barker of Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Barker: You made the comments that you're looking at acquisitions in the non-bank space. Could you describe that a little bit further and what targets you're looking at potentially in order to expand your fee income?
David Turner: Sure. This is David. As Grayson mentioned, one of our strategic initiatives is to diversify our revenue and in this context diversification, is away from NII and into NIR. As we think about the desire to diversify and we think about how we can have a more full-some offering to our customers, things in capital markets come to mind. You saw our acquisition of BlackArch Partners, our M&A advisory firm. We looked at insurance entities. We will continue to do that, agencies, continue to expand there. We would like to have a more solid offering in fixed income sales and trading, so we're looking there. And I think that these acquisitions have a tendency to be smaller acquisitions, but they fit into our need and our desire to continue to diversify and we think fit very well with our strategy.
Grayson Hall: And really serve -- they fit a customer need. Trying to identify the needs that our customers have and how we can serve those better, but at the same time, to David's point, diversify our revenue. But we make sure that these are incremental in nature, bolt-on acquisitions that don't -- that have a risk profile that we feel like is prudent. And so I think you should expect us to continue to look at those opportunities over 2016, but our primary focus as you've seen is on organic growth in the markets we're in today with the services we have today. But this is in addition to that. But primary focus is organic growth.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And apologies if somebody might have mentioned this earlier. With regard to your CCAR in 2016, we had a pretty big impact from the stress test last year. Given the decline in oil prices and where you are now, do you anticipate a similar decline this time around and how are you preparing for CCAR going into 2016?
David Turner: Well, so we got a lot of work going on with CCAR to be prepared for our submission in April. We look at a lot of different portfolios. I think from a credit standpoint, we mentioned earlier that ex energy, our credit portfolios are actually improving. That works one way in terms of the CCAR submission. Energy clearly needs to be taken into account. Barb laid out some of the stresses that we're seeing and how we will account for those. From our standpoint, we have one of the strongest levels of Common Equity Tier 1 of our peer group. We did return 93% of our earnings to our shareholders which we think was appropriate. And as a result, we didn't want to continue to accrete capital because we felt like we had enough capital to run our business in a prudent manner. We look at our stresses all the time, not just from a CCAR standpoint. We do that for ourselves to make sure we're managing and optimizing our capital in our company so that we have enough in times of stress and -- but not too much in terms of ensuring we can have an appropriate return to our shareholders. So exactly how all this will manifest itself in CCAR we will have to see and let the -- we run a lot of programs. We will just need to see what the results are. We don't see anything drastically different than what we have submitted before, ex-energy.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Stephen Scouten of Sandler O'Neill.
Stephen Scouten: Thanks for letting me hop on for one follow-up. I just wanted to confirm, that $50 million to $75 million in potential incremental off the oil space around here, that's assumed just for 2016 as I heard it. And so would we assume that there could be further tail risk if oil prices remain depressed for a longer period of time?
List Underwood: That's right. That's a 2016 number. Obviously if oil stays low longer, then there is tail risk to that.
Grayson Hall: Thank you. Well, with that, we stand adjourned. Thank you for your participation and we look forward to next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer John M. Turner, Jr. - Senior Executive Vice President, Head-Corporate Banking Group
Analysts: Stephen Kendall Scouten - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC Marty Lacey Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC David Eads - UBS Securities LLC Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co. John Pancari - Evercore ISI Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Dan Werner - Morningstar Research Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's quarterly earnings call. My name is Paula and I'll be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen only. At the end of the call there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation in our call today. Our presenters are Grayson Hall, our Chief Executive Officer; David Turner, our Chief Financial Officer. Other members of management are present and available to answer questions as appropriate. Also, as part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Finally, let me remind you that in this call, and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. For further details, please reference our forward-looking disclaimer that is located in the appendix section of the presentation. With that I'll turn it over to Grayson.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, List, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased you could join us for our call today. For the third quarter we reported earnings from continuing operations of $246 million or $0.19 per diluted share. These results reflect total adjusted revenue growth, despite an operating environment that remains challenging. In the third quarter we continued to deliver growth in categories that we believe are fundamental to future income growth. Our fundamentals are strong with growth in households, accounts, loans and deposits. In fact, one of the most important categories is checking accounts, which we've grown by more than 2% year-to-date. We remain focused on expanding and deepening relationships through our need-based approach to relationship banking. Total net interest income increased 2% from the second quarter, representing the highest quarterly increase in approximately two years. For the same period, total loans increased 1% on an ending basis and were up 2% on average basis, contributing to the increase in net interest income. Business lending had a good quarter, driven by real estate and corporate banking groups. Within real estate, REIT business growth was strong. The growth within corporate banking reflects the strength of our business model as local bankers collaborate with industry and product specialists to grow loans. In the third quarter all specialized industries experienced growth led by power, utilities, technology and defense, restaurant and healthcare. Consumer lending had another strong quarter reaching $30 billion in total outstandings on an ending basis with growth in every loan category. Our new point of sale initiative led this growth as consumers took advantage of the convenience of this product offering. Additionally, indirect vehicle lending continues to be strong supported by robust auto sales during the summer. Total noninterest revenue in the third quarter declined compared to a strong second quarter. The majority of the decline was attributable to a lower benefit from mortgage servicing rights and related hedges. Despite this decline, we have continued to experience good momentum in several areas, including capital markets and wealth management as our prior investments continue to produce results. Wealth management income was strong this quarter, up 13% over prior year. We remain focused on our strategy to grow wealth management by continuing to recruit, retain and develop talent required to meet the diverse needs of our clients. We will continue to look for insurance acquisitions and lift-outs, similar to our recent addition in Georgia. Clearly this operating environment continues to be challenging as we have continued to face lower interest rates for an extended period of time. Furthermore, we expect the pace of increases in interest rates to be slow and measured. Given this backdrop, it's essential that we take more aggressive action as it relates to expense management. We've instituted a number of initiatives and are carefully evaluating a number of other actions that we will provide more details at our Investor Day on November 19. Credit quality was relatively stable during the quarter, with some weakening in the energy portfolio. As expected there's been some downward migration risk ratings inside this portfolio. These shifts could continue if oil prices remain at current levels. Overall, we believe our energy customers are taking appropriate actions by reducing costs and making other infrastructure adjustments to create liquidity, preserve our capital, and reduce debt to mitigate vulnerabilities to this environment. As a result, we expect any future losses related to this portfolio to be manageable. We have remained focused on our strategic initiatives for 2015 and have made progress diversifying, growing total revenue by continuing to effectively deploy capital. We remain committed to generating positive operating leverage over time and in the near term will rigorously seek operating efficiencies. With that, I'll now turn it over to David, who'll cover the details for the third quarter. David.
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through the third quarter details and then wrap up with our expectations for the remainder of 2015. Loan balances totaled $81 billion at the end of the third quarter, up $914 million or 1% from the previous quarter. Year-to-date, loans have increased $3.8 billion or 5%. Business services achieved solid growth with balances totaling $51 billion at quarter end, an increase of 1%. Commercial and industrial loans grew $559 million or 2% and commitments also increased 2%. As previously mentioned, real estate corporate banking and all specialized lending areas experienced growth in the third quarter. Consumer lending had another strong quarter. Loans in this portfolio totaled $30 billion, an increase of 2% over the prior quarter. Indirect vehicle lending increased 3% while production increased 8%. And other indirect lending, which focuses primarily on home improvement retailers, increased $107 million linked quarter or 28%. Year-to-date, loans in this new portfolio have increased $284 million and we plan to continue to grow this business into 2016. Mortgage loan balances increased $141 million, while production declined compared to a seasonally strong second quarter, total production remained healthy at $1.4 billion, an increase of 11% over the prior year. Looking at the credit card portfolio, balances increased 2% from the previous quarter and our penetration rate into our existing customer base now stands at 17%, up almost 200 basis points from the third quarter of last year. And finally, total home equity balances increased $48 million from the previous quarter as new production outpaced portfolio runoff in the third quarter. Let's take a look at deposits. Supported by our multi-channel platform, average deposit balances increased $66 million and totaled $97 billion at quarter end. Consumer and wealth deposits represented 75% of total deposits. Of note, our average account balance is smaller and is expected to be less volatile in a rising rate environment. Deposit costs remained at historically low levels at 11 basis points, while total funding costs remained at 25 basis points. Now let's see how this impacted our results. Net interest income on a fully taxable basis was $855 million, an increase of $16 million or 2% from the previous quarter. Higher loan balances and balance sheet hedging strategies were the primary drivers behind the linked quarter increase. In an effort to mitigate impacts from a continued low rate environment, we executed hedges involving interest rate derivatives. These strategies benefited net interest income while only modestly reducing asset sensitivity. The net interest margin was primarily affected by pressure on asset yields and higher cash balances, resulting in a 3 basis point margin decline to 3.13%. Total noninterest income declined after a particularly strong second quarter, driven in part by lower mortgage revenue due to lower benefits from mortgage servicing rights and the related hedges. However, our investments in and commitment to diversifying and growing fee-based revenues yielded positive results in several areas. Total wealth management income increased 5% linked quarter, driven by insurance income and investment services fee income. Insurance income increased 15%, driven in part by the acquisition that Grayson previously mentioned. And investment services fee income grew 15% as our financial consultants continue to expand and deepen relationships, primarily through our Regions360 approach to needs-based selling. Capital markets income increased $2 million over the previous quarter, primarily related to a pickup in loan syndication income. This reflects our continued investment in people and products in order to grow and diversify revenue. Card and ATM fees increased 3% as a result of increased credit card usage as well as an increase in active credit cards. Let's move on to expenses. Total reported expenses in the third quarter were $895 million, an increase of $35 million on an adjusted basis. This included an increase of $31 million in deposit administrative fees. In the third quarter we incurred an expense of $23 million related to prior assessments. Also impacting the linked quarter variance were refunds that we received in the second quarter of $6 million from overpayments. We expect the future quarterly run rate for this expense item to be in the $22 million to $25 million range. Salaries and benefits were down 1% linked quarter. Additional head count related primarily to strategic investments drove an increase in base salaries; however, this was offset by reductions in performance-based incentives. Expenses related to occupancy increased linked quarter due to seasonal increases in utilities. And additionally, furniture and fixtures increased from the previous quarter due to investments in technology and back-office infrastructure which will improve efficiency over the long-term. This expense item is expected to increase modestly over the next few quarters, reflecting these investments. Outside services declined $2 million from the prior quarter, partially related to lower risk management and compliance cost. Our adjusted efficiency ratio was 66.8% in the quarter; however, excluding the additional expenses related to deposit administrative fees, the resulting ratio was 65%. As Grayson previously noted, in this operating environment, we must do even more to improve our efficiencies and lower operating cost. To that end, we have recently instituted hiring restrictions and continue to rigorously review all discretionary expenditures. Additionally, we have allocated expense challenges and goals by business unit and we will provide more details on these additional steps when we meet with you for Investor Day next month. Let's move on to asset quality. Total net charge-offs increased and represented 30 basis points of average loans. Importantly, this increase does not reflect the broad deterioration in credit quality. Total business services criticized and classified loans increased $304 million, or 10% from the prior quarter. And nonaccrual loans increased 5%. These increases were driven by some weakening in a small number of larger loans, primarily within the energy portfolio. As it relates to the energy portfolio, we remain in close contact with our energy customers. Rigorous credit servicing activities are ongoing and we have instituted heightened requirements for loan renewals. As previously stated, we anticipate additional migration into non-pass categories but expect any losses in this portfolio to be manageable. Based on what we know today, over the next 12 months to 18 months losses could range in the $30 million to $50 million range; however, we have adequate reserves to cover these losses. The provision for loan losses was $60 million, matching net charge-offs, and our allowance for loan losses was relatively stable at 1.38% at the end of the third quarter. Compared to the prior quarter, troubled debt restructured loans, or TDRs, declined 7%. And at quarter end, our loan loss allowance to nonaccrual loans, or coverage ratio, was 141%. And given where we are in the credit cycle, volatility in certain credit metrics can be expected, especially related to larger dollar commercial credits in our portfolio and fluctuating commodity prices. Let's move on to capital and liquidity. During the quarter, we repurchased $270 million, or 26.6 million shares of common stock, and declared dividends of $79 million. Under the Basel III provisions, the Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 11.7% and the common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 11%. On a fully phased-in basis, common equity Tier 1 was estimated at 10.7%, well above current regulatory minimums. Our loan and deposit ratio at the end of the quarter was 83% and regarding the liquidity coverage ratio Regions remains well-positioned to be fully compliant with the January 2016 implementation deadline. Now, let me have a brief review of current expectations for the remainder of 2015. We expect total loan growth to be in the 4% to 6% range on a point-to-point basis and probably end up at the higher end of that range. Regarding deposits, we continue to expect full-year average deposit growth in the 1% to 2% range. With respect to the margin, we expect performance through year end to be marginally better than the full year guidance communicated in early 2015, which call for a decline of 10 basis points to 12 basis points, if rates remain persistently low. However, even if rates remain low, net interest income is expected to grow moderately. Finally, we expect to continue to benefit from revenue initiatives and we will take steps to prudently manage our expenses. We remain committed to generating positive operating leverage over time. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning and I'll turn it back over to List for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, David. We are ready to begin the Q&A session of our call. In order to accommodate as many participants as possible this morning, I would like to ask each caller to please limit yourself to one primary question and one related follow-up question. I appreciate your cooperation. Now let's open up the line for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Your first question comes from Stephen Scouten of Sandler O'Neill.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Kendall Scouten - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question, here. First, one of the things about the energy portfolio and the reserves. I know you guys don't tend to disclose, maybe specific reserves related to the energy portfolio, but did you take any incremental provision related to that $30 million to $50 million in potential losses that you could see? Or was that, as you said, just kind of matching the net charge-offs you had in the quarter?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Stephen, thank you, that's a good question. And I'll ask Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer to make a few comments in that regard. And then John Turner, Head of Corporate Banking, to follow that up. Barb?
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: Thanks very much, Grayson. Yes, we actually did take some incremental reserves this quarter on the energy portfolio. And we currently stand at around 4.7% of that portfolio being reserved. So, we are well reserved given where we feel the losses will be in the next 12 months to 18 months.
John M. Turner, Jr. - Senior Executive Vice President, Head-Corporate Banking Group: And I would just add we provided some additional detail, particularly on the Oil Field Services sector, in our release. I think what you'll see is that we have, as we said before, a smaller number of customers that comprise our portfolio. We believe that we've been very prudent in the selection of those clients, stay very close to them. We think they're doing all the right things to react to the crisis that they have faced, the declining oil prices. And so we remain cautiously optimistic about the performance of our book.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Stephen Kendall Scouten - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay, thanks, I appreciate that. And, yeah, definitely I appreciate the additional color there in the slide deck. And then, just as a follow-up as it relates to capital deployment. Obviously the share buyback was a little bit; it seemed accelerated, in the quarter. I'm assuming just taking advantage of the lower share prices. Is that something that you guys can continue to do in this current quarter as the share remains maybe lower than it should be, in my view? And how much flexibility do you have there?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: This is David. So we have, obviously, a capital plan that was not objected to by regulatory supervisors for which we are executing against. We were able to move up a small portion of that into a different quarter, but in order to have any meaningful change in our total buyback we would have to go through a submission to our regulatory supervisors for future  any increases in the buyback over our CCAR request.
Stephen Kendall Scouten - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. So the $875 million will remain the same but you could pull that forward kind of like we saw here in the current quarter?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: That's what  we did pull a piece of that forward this past quarter, but we can't change the $875 million.
Stephen Kendall Scouten - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Perfect. Thank you guys so much. I appreciate the color.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Ken, good morning.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning, Grayson. Hey, just a quick question just on the outlook for net interest income. David, your comments about less bad than the prior guidance earlier in the year was kind of lost in sequential so just wondering can you help us understand; do we still see kind of the core compression of the NIM from here on an ex-rates basis? And what other drivers do you have to help support that further?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah, I think so we will still have a couple basis points of compression expected for the quarter. We really are speaking more to NII. We believe that can continue to grow, though. But obviously you're continuing to see the impact, partially higher cash balances for us, our driver, and then this low rate environment grinding down, but will put in a couple of basis point pressure from here to the end of the year.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC: And underneath that it looked like the loan yields have started to flatten out. Was that just finally getting past the natural rollover or was there any incremental help from swaps or hedging activity that helped as well?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: It's a little bit of both. So you're seeing low rates work through to some degree, but you have to have help from some of the derivatives that we put on as well.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Marty.
Marty Lacey Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: Morning. David, I had two questions for you. One is, looking at the investment process that you've been in, that kind of forced your expenses to grow faster than your revenues over the last year. Do you anticipate that you're kind of getting to the inflection point where the return on investments begin to flip that around and you can start to create that operating leverage that you're talking to in your outlook?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: That's a great question, Marty. So I would tell you we've made investments in a lot of areas to execute our strategy which is to diversify our revenue stream into some NIR sources. In some cases we have further investments to make and in others we're just about finished. So an example of that would be our financial consultants that we have and wealth management. We had a goal to hire about 225 of those through September 30. We have about 219, so we've got a handful more to go in the fourth quarter and we'll be done. And so what you'll start seeing is the payoff of these investments will start becoming even stronger relative to the investments or the expense that we had earlier. And so it just depends on which investment we're talking about. Our goal is to grow our income, diversify our revenue stream and to have better returns on capital over time, which is why we've needed to make those investments early on. And they're starting to pay off for us. They are performing exactly like we expected. As a matter of fact, in some cases they're actually ahead of schedule. So you've seen expense go up and we've talked about making the investments. We still believe it's been the right thing for us to do and you'll see the benefit as we get into 2016 and beyond.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: But Marty, to add to that, we obviously have made what we think are very prudent investments and the results we've seen from those investments have been very positive and we continue to see opportunities for that. That being said, given the current rate environment and our rate forecast for what we believe the next few quarters hold, we've had become much more rigorous on expense management. We are trying to self-fund a lot of our investments to make sure that as David said, over time we can generate positive operating leverage as a company. So you will see us be more rigorous around expense management over the next few quarters. We just think given the rate environment that it's prudent to do that. That being said, we really are trying to create long-term franchise value while being sensitive to quarter-to-quarter earnings pressure. But we need to make sure that we're thoughtful about how we manage expenses and to make sure that we continue to build franchise value over time.
Marty Lacey Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: Thanks. And then, David, this won't be a surprise, so my next question, but you started to step out with hedging and neutralizing some of your asset sensitivity position. You kind of said net it really didn't affect your pickup when rates go up. Is that enough? You're still letting cash balances build. Shouldn't you start thinking about neutralizing that balance sheet over, let's say, the next 12 months, at least, more aggressively? And I know you're smiling there listening me to ask that same question I've asked several times before, but just wanted to ask you that again.
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: So Marty, we continue to challenge ourselves on the positioning of the balance sheet. We have been asset-sensitive for an extended period of time. We believe staying asset-sensitive is the right thing for us as we seek to extract the value out of our competitive advantage, which is our deposit base, our granular, sticky, consumer-oriented deposit base. And to neutralize rate sensitivity in this environment, we think, is the wrong thing to do. We did put on some hedges to protect ourselves, primarily, on a prolonged low rate or declining rate environment, but we didn't want to take too much sensitivity off. So we're still up instantaneous 100 basis points, we're still at about $155 million of NII impact, down from about $165 million. So, it was a slight change down. But we believe maintaining that sensitivity is the right thing for Regions, given the construct of our deposit franchise and that side of the balance sheet.
Marty Lacey Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Betsy.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. Couple of questions. One, Barb, I just wanted to make sure  you indicated that, regarding the energy, you feel like you've done the reserving you need to do here today. And could you just give us a sense of, that's at current oil price or the forwards on oil and the kind of timeframe that your price outlook persists?
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: Yeah. When we go through our process, including sizing up what we think the losses might be, et cetera, we go through looking at a number of models, but we also do an account-by-account bottoms-up review. We do that on a monthly basis, staying close to our customers, close to their balance sheets, et cetera. And when we look at the price of oil, we look at the spot price; we also look at the futures price as well. So all of that is incorporated into our thought process as to how we determine what the appropriate level of allowance was.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And what kind of discount do you give to spot and futures?
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: Well, again, we go through the standard. We start off with the number of barrels of oil that our engineers feel are in the basins, we apply our price deck to it  our current price deck base is $46, stressed $36.80, we discount that by the PD9. So discount it by 9%. Then we risk adjust all of that, again, one more time. We do that at approximately a 10% level, and then we do a borrowing base, the borrowing base is about 65% of all of that. So, long story short, is you'll end up with 53% of what's in the ground is what we'll lend against.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And do you think that there's going to be much in the way of a reduction in supply here, based on all of that and what you and others are doing with regard to these redeterminations or do you think supply kind of kicks along as is?
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: Well, I know with the borrowing base redeterminations we believe that we'll probably reduce another 15% to 20%, which is roughly what we did in the prior quarter as well. And we do see a lot of supply that's still out there.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just separately on the outlook for operating leverage, what I'm hearing is with the hiring restrictions and we'll see the benefits of the hiring that you've done over the last 12 months to 18 months come through, that we should look for operating leverage to improve as we go through the next two, three, four quarters. Is that a fair assessment?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: That's right. We wanted to continue, as Grayson mentioned, to make investments to grow revenue and we're going to self-fund those. So we're going to look at all areas of our company to control our expenses with the goal of generating positive operating leverage. It just takes time to work through. I think the question came earlier in terms of the investments; it takes time to generate the revenue that pays for the investment we made. But we are on track and we think you'll see that improvement coming through in 2016.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And then in the past you've talked a little bit about the insurance growth from lift-outs. I know it's a modest effort relative to the size of the overall company, but would that continue in this outlook for slowing down hiring or putting a freeze on hiring?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: No...
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead, David.
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: We've continued to expect to make investments, as we mentioned. So, those are not included into the hiring numbers we've talked about, the freeze, as you mentioned, the restrictions. So you should see us continuing to look for opportunities to grow that insurance business.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. I know it's threading the needle between the words, just wanted to make sure where it starts and stops with regard to insurance, so I appreciate that. Thanks.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: As I said earlier, we recognize in this environment that the most prudent thing for us to do is to be much more rigorous, much more disciplined in managing expenses. That being said, we have to do that in a thoughtful way that doesn't degrade franchise value, that actually affords us the opportunity to continue to increase franchise value. And where there are opportunities, such as the insurance lift-outs, that provide us a situation that we believe that gives us economic benefit in a relatively short period of time, we're still going to seize those opportunities.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Eads of UBS.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, David.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Maybe following up on energy just quickly  great color you've given so far. Just curious, particularly on the Oil Field Services side, if you can give any color on how you guys think about loss frequency and severity in that book.
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: Yeah, this is Barb Godin again. You know, Oil Field Services in total is about $1.2 billion. 24% of that book is close to the well head. But what you need to know about that book is 66 customers make up 98% of that book. So we're very close to them. As I look at that overall book, what the largest piece of that book is is marine and we have just under $500 million, $494 million in marine, but 23 obligors. So, again, not very granular. But 70% of what we do in marine is deep water marine. So only 30% is on the Gulf of Mexico shelf. So, again, looking at that book we feel pretty good about the marine piece of that book. Quite frankly, all of the other pieces are quite manageable. The one that I would worry about the most would be the fluid piece and we have eight obligors in fluid and we have $99 million in outstandings for fluid. So, again, we're paying them a lot of love and attention these days.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for that. And then kind of on the loan growth side, obviously another quarter where almost everything is looking good, the main exception there being a continued runoff in the unoccupied commercial real estate portfolio. Are you any closer to kind of knowing when we might get an inflection point in that portfolio?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's a great question, and it's one we challenge ourselves with frequently. As David had said earlier, one of our primary goals is to try to not only grow revenue but to diversify our revenue streams. And if you look at what's different this quarter versus last quarter, certainly versus a quarter a year ago, we've really gotten greater diversity and gotten greater growth more broadly across the different lending segments. And as you pointed out, the one segment that we did not get growth in, have not hit an inflection point on, has been in owner-occupied real estate, which has predominantly been our small to medium size businesses that we provide banking product to. And in that small business community we have seen this year an improvement in production. What we've not seen is enough production to offset the normal amortization of that portfolio. And it's predominantly an amortizing portfolio. There's some line usage in that group, but mostly it's amortizing. We continue to look for that inflection point. We don't think it's too far down the road. But it's  that one product segment has been the one that we've been most challenged to reach that inflection point on. But good production numbers and I think the confidence of that segment is improving. But that small business sector has been sort of the last to recover from a confidence perspective.
David Eads - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's been a great deposit sector, though. We really have been growing deposits in that group. So, we're encouraged, but still not at that inflection point yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Miller of FBR.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Paul.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yes. Thank you very much. Guys, I do want to commend you on the energy side. I do like it. I just had a question about your  how do you define indirect exposure and in that sense I get a lot of people  feedback I get from clients is, I'm not really worried about the direct exposure, I'm worried about the indirect exposure, i.e., small businesses in these communities, that are mainly oil-driven. Are you seeing any real deterioration in any of these communities, I guess, in the Gulf or where you do business?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll start and then I'll let Barb Godin speak just a second on that. We've really tried to take a broad view of what the implications of the drop in the commodity prices and the energy sector have been. And I think that some segments of that energy portfolio are fairly easy to define. When you get down to the indirect piece, there's some subjectivity and objectivity that's required to define those. And I would tell you that we've seen in certain cases some softness in some of those indirect segments. Overall, in some of our markets we operate in, New Orleans, Baton Rouge, Houston, there's a lot of activities that's offsetting the softness in this activity from a community perspective, but some individual companies absolutely you see, do see some softness. Barb?
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: Yes, thank you, Grayson. We would define indirect as those types of companies, as an example transportation, that majority of their business is done to support something going on in the energy sector. So we capture all of that, that's incremental almost $500 million that we talk about. Relative to the other contagion effects that we would look at i.e., consumer, small business, commercial real estate, et cetera, we look at all that. Consumer side is a positive, it's a net positive, they're enjoying the low gas prices, it's helping them a lot, we're seeing that pickup, as an example, in our restaurant business that we have a specialty in. We're seeing better results there. Relative to some of the other areas as we think about Texas, the only area of any heightened attention is the Houston market, the office sector. We're looking at that. It's still doing well but we're keeping an eye on that. And New Orleans, of course has suffered a little bit from softening demand, as well. And that is pushing their vacancy rates up. Overall retail and all of those sectors have done well, a lot of the Gulf of Mexico and Houston as well. But we don't want to be a Pollyanna. We absolutely want to keep our heads up and keep attuned to making sure that if we do see some softness that we react quickly.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And as a follow-up, have you seen  have you got any feedback from the Fed with rates staying low on any guidance on your capital management? Or is your capital management good to go for the year until the next CCAR?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah, I think  so we can't discuss anything with our regulatory supervisors. But suffice it to say that all capital planning that we have built into this year's expectations have been via the non-objection we received in our CCAR. So, if we wanted to do something outside of that, it would require some form of off-cycle request to our regulatory supervisors.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, guys, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, John.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Morning. Just a question regarding the loss range of $30 million to $50 million on energy that you put out there. Can you give us a little bit of color on how you arrived at that? Did you look at the past cycles and what basis do you have behind the numbers on the calc?
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: John, this is Barb Godin again. Again, we use both quantitative as well as qualitative. The quantitative being, yes, we look at models that we run. It includes historical information as well as current information of what we think will happen in the future. But, again, we supplant a lot of that with an ongoing monthly looking at every file, every customer, looking at what their balance sheets look like, looking at what their cash flows look like. So that, as we talk about our estimate of losses, we talk about  I can't talk about through the cycle, I don't know when the cycle will end, we use the 12 month to 18 month horizon to say we have pretty good visibility for that period of time. So, again, pretty comfortable with the number we put out there.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Now, Barb, is that 12 months to 18 months from now or for the cycle?
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: Yes.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Okay. So now, do you have any way of identifying what that implies in terms of the accum loss assumption that you're now incorporating?
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: No, I wouldn't go that far.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Okay. All right. And then separately, David, just on the interest rate side, on the swaps. I'm not sure if you've disclosed, but did you indicate how much in swaps you added? And then also, can you give us just your thinking in terms of the willingness to add incremental swaps here or is this it?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah, so we will be disclosing our swaps in the Q. We put about $3 billion of received fixed swaps. They're a little longer dated. We had some short-term that we took off, so we were up about $1 billion net on notional. John, as we think about interest rate risk positioning, it kind of gets back to Marty's question. We challenge ourselves every day on where we need to have this. We think taking that sensitivity away and foregoing that nice lift and nice benefit we think we'll get when rates rise would be the wrong long-term answer for our shareholders. So we'll pay the freight today for the benefit that we'll get tomorrow and we'll manage our profitability the way we've done. So we've put some incremental swaps on. We don't have any current plans to execute further swaps, but if conditions change, then we could change our mind as well.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Okay. And if I could just ask one more. You may punt me to your Investor Day for the answer for this one, but I know you've been investing in a lot of your fee-based businesses that tend to be higher efficiency ratio businesses like wealth management and cap markets, but less capital-intensive and accordingly higher ROE. So can you give us just a  how do you think about that, how it could all come out in the wash in terms of the ultimate benefit to your ROE from these investments?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah, that's a very good question. We challenge ourselves on that. You've nailed exactly the math there. We have to look at all of our businesses working together and the synergistic effect they can have on our total business and the diversification and how we might react in a stressed environment versus a normal environment. All those come into play as we think about the investments we want to make in businesses. We well understand that the investments in some of these businesses are less efficient. That's part of where our efficiency ratio is today, but they take a very little amount of capital, as well, so the return on capital is pretty strong. And they have a tendency to be annuity-based so that you can count on them year in and year out, so that's worth something. You will see  so I'll half punt to Investor Day, you'll see how all this comes together in terms of our outlook over the next three-year period with the investments that we have made and plan to make. And how we're going to self-fund these investments, as Grayson mentioned, from an expense standpoint so that we can improve our bottom line over time, so that we can become more efficient over time as well. So that we can  our business model can address whatever interest rate environment might be out there, we're going to put together a plan that shows you how we win in all those scenarios.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: All right. Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian from Bank of America.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Erika.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Just a follow-up question on the previous question on efficiency. If I take your adjusted efficiency ratio of 65% and I put together everything that you've said so far. So modest NII growth even if rates stay low because loan growth has been solid. You know, fee income starting to benefit from some of the investments that you've made, but naturally a more higher efficiency ratio business in terms of wealth management, capital markets and self-funding some of the investments, I guess over the next 12 months how much improvement can you generate on that 65% assuming no increase in rates from the expense side?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah. Well, let me talk about it in terms of all of our businesses coming together and this will be a discussion we'll have at Investor Day but, as you know, we've sought to be in the lower 60%s. We believe we can get there based on all the things we've talked to you about this morning. We'll get more granular on how if you'll come to Investor Day. But, our long-term goal with rates increasing was still in those higher 50%s that we've talked about previously. But we're building the business model and if we don't get the rate increase, how do we continue to improve bottom line, how do we continue to become more efficient, that is, get below 65 and trend towards the lower 60%s without rates increasing? So, we believe we can do that, we're going to show you more specifically how we'll do that on November the 19th.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And just maybe as we think about the next quarter, David, is the correct base for adjusted expenses as we think about a fourth quarter $872 million to $875 million?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: That is the basis on what you should extrapolate anything in the fourth quarter, yes.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Matt.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, Grayson. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. First of all, David, maybe a question for you. It looked like your long-term borrowings were up roughly two times quarter-over-quarter. I didn't  if I look at some industry sources, it didn't look like you had issued quite that much debt. Could you give us a little sense as to what's going on there? And also in terms of any preferred issuance that you might think about going forward to fill up that regulatory bucket?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Sure. So we did increase our long-term debt. We did have the debt issuance during the quarter. It was about $750 million, I think your  that you've seen. We did take out some short-term FHLB debt in place of long-term FHLB debt. Part of that was to fund loan growth. Part of that's sitting in cash as well as we think about LCR. But that was really the big  the biggest driver. And the second part of the question...?
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: In terms of any possible preferred issuance going forward?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: So, we do acknowledge we probably need a little more non-common Tier 1. And to issue it right now, without a good place to put the proceeds, though, is really cost-prohibitive. The carry on that is something we want to avoid. If we can kind of work that through our optimization of our capital stack over time, I think would be the better play for us as we trade out a more expensive common instrument for a less expensive preferred issuance and get our delta, delta between common equity Tier 1 and our Tier 1 to be a little better than we have today. So, you'll see that in time.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Sure. Makes sense. Barb, my follow-up's directed towards you, I mean, if I take, I guess, an admittedly conservative view of the $30 million to $50 million range that you've talked about over the next 12 months, that's roughly a 1.5% loss rate on your overall energy exposure. How does that compare, perhaps, with the 12 month to 18 month loss rate that you may have had on an energy portfolio back in the 2008-2009 timeframe when energy prices were down about 70%?
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: Yeah, we look back on that timeframe and we had very few losses. If I recall, it was something give or take around $8 million, I think, and we've had none since then.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Right. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, Grayson. Good morning. David, maybe you can share with us, on the LCR I think you said you guys are well positioned to reach the, I guess 90% is where most of the regional banks need to be by January of 2016. Assuming that's correct, if rates don't change in 2016 and you then lift the LCR to 100% next year to reach the January of 2017 target, should we expect some margin pressure as you do that, if you're not already at 100%?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah, I think you would see some downward pressure there. I would not call it significant. We continue to have  that's why we're positioned where we are today. And we have a little bit more in cash. It has already weighed down our margins. Over time, there could be a little bit of further compression, but not significant enough  not a significant amount.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. And on the follow-up question, you've given us good detail on the oil portfolio and how you guys have looked at it. One of the banks, JPMorgan, when they released numbers gave us some sensitivity analysis suggesting if oil got to $30 a barrel they would take another $500 million to $750 million in reserves. Have you guys stress-tested this portfolio? I know you're using the future prices and discounting it back for the next 12 months to 18 months, but have you gone beyond that, saying if oil got to $35, $30 or $25 a barrel, what would happen to the portfolio?
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: This is Barb. We have not run those models specifically with a $30 number, but we have done an awful lot of dialogue on what happens if it goes to $30. And it's not just a matter of the price; it's the speed at which it would go down to $30. If it goes down to $30 slowly over time, everyone has an opportunity to adjust their CapEx, adjust their expense models, et cetera. If it goes quickly, of course you're going to feel more pain. But, so far, what we've found with our customers is they have taken all of the right measures at the right pace to make sure that they're adjusting their operating models as quickly as they can.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust Robinson.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jennifer.
Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. I was wondering if you could give your perspective on the Houston market specifically right now and what you're seeing in terms of your overall Texas loan growth.
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Jennifer, we couldn't hear you very well.
Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I'm sorry. Could you give us some commentary on what you're seeing in the Houston economy right now? And what you're seeing in terms of the company's Texas loan growth over the last three months to six months?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think when you look at the markets that we're seeing in Texas, clearly we're still seeing some good strength in most of the markets in Texas. Obviously, there's some softness in Houston. We have  we're spending a lot of time focused on that market because it's one of the markets most exposed to the energy industry and our customers that are there. But, so far, the Texas markets have held up surprisingly well. As Barb had mentioned a moment ago, the consumer in particular has shown some good strength in terms of benefiting from the lower pump prices, but also there's a lot of diversification in a lot of the economy in Texas. I think everyone's worried about what the contagion that may occur in some of these markets. Quite frankly, we haven't seen it in Houston yet. We look for it, especially in the commercial real estate market, which we're monitoring very closely.
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: I'd add a little bit to that. This is Barb. Demand continues across all the Texas markets vigorously, in fact, for newly constructed single-family housing, particularly in Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth, San Antonio. In Houston, it's decelerated somewhat for newly constructed units exceeding $600,000, so pretty high price point. But sales of the lower priced units, those under $600,000 continue at a healthy clip. And the home builder industry has responded pretty quickly. They've reduced construction activity. We look at that  looking at permits, et cetera. So, again, the market has been adjusting to the reduction in the oil prices.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Werner of Morningstar.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Werner - Morningstar Research: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. With respect to  just a little more color on the commercial portfolio. Is it primarily from drawdowns from existing lines or is there a more organic growth? And maybe kind of give some color on the energy in terms of the lines themselves. It looks like you still had some increase in midstream. I was wondering if that's from existing lines and kind of how you guys are addressing those.
John M. Turner, Jr. - Senior Executive Vice President, Head-Corporate Banking Group: So, this is John Turner. I would say that the commercial growth that we see is fairly broad-based and it is both a reflection of customers borrowing under lines of credit, though, we actually saw about a 30 basis point reduction in utilization of lines of credit during the quarter. And customers borrowing to finance transactions to acquire new businesses, to expand, to add to their working capital or support their working capital needs associated with expansion of their businesses. So we've seen a variety of activities that have resulted in growth in the book, and as we said, that growth has occurred across our businesses, particularly in real estate and in our corporate banking business across our specialized industries verticals. Good growth in power utilities, in our restaurant book, in technology and defense. So we think nicely diversified and reflecting good fundamentals in that sector of the economy. With respect to the energy book, we have added a couple of midstream names over the course of the last 12 months. We've done that typically through our Regions Business Capital group where we feel like we've got a very good asset support. Those particular customers are operating under longer term contracts. We think there's a lot of stability in that business and industry and we've seen an opportunity to grow a couple of nice relationships as a result of bringing those customers on.
Dan Werner - Morningstar Research: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Juneja of JPMorgan.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. I just wanted to check a couple of things. Firstly, the check posting order change that you'll were going to go through, did that start in the third quarter or is that coming in 4Q?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah, Vivek, this will start in the fourth quarter. You'll see a piece of that.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, because I saw that your service charges were down 8% year-on-year, which is a little faster rate. Any color on that then? What's making that go down a little bit faster, David?
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: I just think it's more seasonality. There's really nothing that stood out for us. We continue to grow accounts and customers and feel good about service charges and I'll be a little more specific, that posting order will start about mid quarter for us, so we're still in that guidance we've given you on the posting order of $10 to $15 million per quarter.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: But no real changes in the third quarter. I mean, still growing accounts, growing transactions, growing balances. But seasonally we did see service charges slowdown. But I think it's just normal seasonal adjustments.
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Vivek, were you comparing quarter-to-quarter or year...?
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, I was looking actually year-on-year for the minus 8%, quarter-over-quarter it was down  it was more flattish. Because the year-on-year was down 8% so I was trying to get a sense of is there a customer behavior further change or is anything else that's causing that.
David J. Turner, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: No, the primary driver there was, if you remember, we exited the Ready Advance product about a year ago so that was in your number last year that's not in your number this year. That was the biggest component of that difference.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. A quick question for Barb. Barb, last quarter you'll talked about national credits where you had some issues. Can you give us some update on where that stands? One of your peers this morning took some additional provisions for weakness based on global manufacturing conditions. Could you weave any thoughts on what you're seeing in relation to that into your comments too?
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: Yeah, the shared national credits, as you know, there's currently going to be two reviews a year. The second review is going to take place starting in November, but it's only for the large players. We will not be involved in that other than as a participant, so we'll get some of those results, likely January or so by the time they put the results out. Relative to the overall shared national credit book though. It's a very strong book, a very good book for us. We're happy with those credits. Again, we don't specifically look at the shared national credits and say because it's a shared national credit I reserve for it any differently. We look account by account, credit by credit; to see what the underlying issues are and what the appropriate level of reserve should be against it.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And any color on the manufacturing stuff that Fifth Third talked about this morning? They're seeing some weakness so they've taken some provisions. What are you seeing in your manufacturing clients?
Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: Yeah, what we're seeing is aluminum casting, steel companies, we're seeing a little bit of softness there, keeping an eye on that sector. But, again, as they move through our risk rating process, if any of those credits do deteriorate, of course they'll get a larger allowance as they move through our normal process.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. I will now turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations: Well, let me close and just say thank you for your time, your attention and your questions today. We would encourage you to attend our Investor Day on November 19 and we thank you, again, and we stand adjourned.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: List Underwood - Investor Relations Grayson Hall - Chief Executive Officer David Turner - Chief Financial Officer John Turner - Head, Corporate Banking Group Barb Godin - Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: John Pancari - Evercore ISI Stephen Scouten - Sandler ONeill Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott Erika Najarian - Bank of America Ken Usdin - Jefferies Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Gerard Cassidy - RBC Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan David Eads - UBS
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula and I will be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
List Underwood: Thank you, operator and good morning everyone. We appreciate your participation on our call today. Our presenters this morning are Grayson Hall, our Chief Executive Officer and David Turner, our Chief Financial Officer. Other members of management are present as well and available to answer questions as appropriate. Also, as part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Finally, let me remind you that in this call and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. For further details, please reference our forward-looking statement that is located in the appendix section of the presentation. Grayson?
Grayson Hall: Thank you, List and good morning everyone. We are pleased you could join us for todays call. Second quarter results reflect our continued momentum in 2015 as we reported earnings of $269 million, or $0.20 per diluted share. These results demonstrate we are successfully executing our strategic priorities. In the second quarter, we experienced increases in metrics that we believe are fundamental to future income growth, including households, checking accounts, credit card accounts and Regions360 relationship. This growth has been broad-based geographically as all of our areas continued to expand and deepen relationships through our needs-based approach to relationship banking. Total revenue was particularly strong as both net interest income and non-interest income grew. Benefiting net interest income was loan growth of 2% and production increases of 28% and our pipelines continued to expand. Business lending growth was achieved by all three businesses: commercial banking, corporate banking and real estate banking. Within real estate, real estate corporate banking and our REIT business growth was particularly strong. Commercial and corporate growth reflects the strength of our business model as local bankers partner with industry and product specialists, particularly in Regions Business Capital, government institutional banking, healthcare and restaurant banking to grow our loan portfolio. We also had a strong quarter in consumer lending with growth in every loan category. Of note, the home equity portfolio balances increased for the first time in more than 6 years. Also, new point-of-sale loan product offerings drove additional growth in consumer lending. Further, we continued to diversify non-interest income as most categories achieved growth in second quarter demonstrating that Regions360 and our investments are beginning to pay off. Adjusted non-interest revenue increased 7% from the previous quarter, reflecting growth in mortgage, capital markets and card and ATM fees in addition to deposit-related service charges. We continued to refine our retail network strategy as we identified certain parcels of undeveloped land that have been purchased for future branch expansion. We no longer intend to build on these sites, which resulted in additional expense in the second quarter. At the same time, our occupancy expenses declined due in part to branch consolidations executed in prior periods. This quarter also included some legal and regulatory-related matters that impacted earnings. First, we recorded a charge related to a contingent legal and regulatory item for previously disclosed matters. And second, we received an insurance recovery related to the settlement of a previously disclosed class action lawsuit. During the quarter, asset quality was stable to improving. Net charge-offs, non-performing loans, troubled debt restructurings all declined. The provision for loan losses increased and exceeded net charge-offs. This increase was primarily attributable to loan growth and reflects the results of the recently completed Shared National Credit exam. We are continuing to monitor our energy portfolio and have experienced some downward risk rating migration. If oil prices remain at low levels for an extended period of time, additional migration is likely. We are however staying engaged with our customers and taking necessary actions as appropriate. Before I turn it over to David, let me mention that we are extremely proud that we were the recipient of two prestigious honors this quarter. First, we were recognized by the Reputation Institute and the American Banker Magazine as having the highest reputation with our customers among U.S. banks. And second, we were honored by Gallup as one of the Best Places to Work. These honors provided strong evidence that our focus on building a culture based on our core values is resonating with our associates and with our customers. We are also focused on delivering strong financial results and equally important is how we obtain these results. The principle is central to fulfilling our mission of creating share value for our customers, associates, communities and shareholders. With that, I will now turn it over to David who will cover the details for the second quarter.
David Turner: Thank you and good morning everyone. I will take you through the second quarter details and then wrap up with our expectations for the remainder of 2015. Loan balances totaled $80 billion at the end of the second quarter, up $1.9 billion or 2% from the previous quarter. Year-to-date, loans have increased $2.8 billion, or 4%. Business lending achieved solid growth as balances in this portfolio totaled $51 billion at the end of the quarter, an increase of 3%. Linked quarter production was strong, increasing 29%. Commercial and industrial loans grew $1.7 billion, or 5%. And as Grayson noted, all three businesses within business lending experienced growth. Also, line utilization increased 97 basis points and commitments increased 3%. Consumer lending also had a strong quarter. Loans in this portfolio totaled $30 billion, an increase of 2% and production increased 24% linked quarter. Mortgage loan balances increased $171 million and production increased 26% linked quarter. Indirect lending for vehicles increased 2% as production increased 12% and other indirect lending increased $111 million linked quarter and was driven by new partnership that focuses primarily on home improvement retailers. Now, looking at the credit card portfolio, balances increased 3% from the previous quarter and our penetration rate now stands at 16.4%, an increase of 80 basis points from last year. And finally, total home equity balances increased $45 million from the previous quarter as new production outpaced portfolio runoff in the second quarter. Lets take a look at deposits. Supported by our multi-channel platform, average deposit balances totaled $97 billion, an increase of $1.3 billion during the second quarter. Deposit costs remained near historical low levels at 11 basis points, while total funding costs were 25 basis points in the quarter. And lets look how this impacted our results. Net interest income on a fully taxable basis was $839 million, an increase of 1% from the previous quarter. Driving this increase was an additional day in the quarter, higher loan balances and a decrease in the cost of wholesale borrowings. This was partially offset by the continued low rate environment and modest compression of spreads in the loan book. The net interest margin was primarily affected by pressure on asset yields, resulting in a 2 basis point margin decline to 3.16%. Total non-interest income increased $120 million, which included $90 million related to insurance proceeds received in the second quarter related to a previously disclosed matter we accrued for in the fourth quarter of 2014. And this matter settled during the second quarter. Excluding this item, adjusted non-interest income was robust, increasing 7%, reflecting our investment in and commitment to diversifying and growing fee-based revenues. Mortgage had a solid quarter as income increased 15%. Loan production volume and market valuation of mortgage servicing rights also improved. Capital markets was a significant contributor with a $7 million quarter-over-quarter increase in fees. This was primarily related to the placement of permanent financing for real estate customers, an increase in broker dealer revenue associated with corporate fixed income underwriting and the successful completion of our first M&A advisory engagement. Card and ATM fees increased 6% as a result of increased debit and credit card usage as customer spending increased 7% and transactions increased 9% over the prior quarter. Commercial credit fee income increased from the previous quarter due to the reclassification from net interest income. This lowered net interest income by $3 million, and the future run rate of commercial credit free income should be approximately $20 million. And finally, service charges increased 4%. Now lets move on to expenses, total reported expenses in the second quarter were $934 million, which included two charges totaling $75 million. First, as Grayson mentioned, we transferred some properties originally purchased for future branch sites to held for sale and incurred a $27 million write-down. Second, professional legal expenses totaled $71 million. However, this included $48 million net accrual for contingent legal and regulatory items for previously disclosed matters. Importantly, based on current information, we expect the estimate of recently possible contingent losses to decrease by a significant amount. Salaries and benefits increased 4% from the previous quarter. Annual merit increases impacted expenses along with an increase in incentive compensation. This increase is partially due to unusually low incentives in the first quarter as well as additional incentives tied to revenue growth. Outside services increased $9 million, partially related to fees paid in connection with revenue generation as well as increases in our other costs associated with risk management activities. However, due to the nature of these expenses, we believe there are opportunities for improvement going forward. Deposit administrative fees declined from the first quarter primarily due to refunds from prior periods and the expected run rate for this line item is in the low $20 million range. Our adjusted efficiency ratio was 64.5% in the quarter, an improvement of 40 basis points from the prior period, as we continue to make investments in talent and technology for future revenue growth and long-term efficiencies. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 30.1%, which included a benefit of $7 million related to the conclusion of state and federal tax examinations. Excluding this benefit, our income tax rate would have been 31.8%. And moving on to asset quality, total net charge-offs declined $8 million and represented 23 basis points of average loans, an improvement of five basis points. The provision for loan losses was $63 million, exceeding net charge-offs by $17 million. And as Grayson mentioned, this increase was primarily attributable to loan growth and reflects the results of the recently completed Shared National Credit exam. Our allowance for loan losses was 1.39% at the end of the second quarter, down one basis point from the end of the first quarter. Total commercial and investor real estate criticized and classified loans increased $126 million or 5% from the prior quarter. However, they remain relatively flat as a percentage of total loans. The increase was driven by some weakening in large within the energy and other portfolios. Compared to the prior quarter, troubled debt restructurings or TDRs declined 7% and our non-performing notes decreased 6% linked quarter. And at quarter end, our loan loss allowance for non-performing loans or coverage ratio was 149%. And given where we are in the credit cycle, the large dollar commercial credits in our portfolio and fluctuating commodity prices, volatility and certain credit metrics can be expected. Lets move on to capital and liquidity. During the quarter, we repurchased $172 million or 17 million shares of common stock and declared dividends of $80 million. During the quarter, we returned 94% of earnings back to shareholders. And under the Basel III provisions, we maintained industry-leading capital levels as the Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 12% and common equity Tier 1 was estimated at 11.2%. On a fully phased-in basis, common equity Tier 1 was estimated at 11%. Liquidity at both the bank and holding company remains solid with a low loan-to-deposit ratio of 83%. And regarding the liquidity coverage ratio, Regions remains well positioned to be fully compliant with the January 2016 implementation deadline. It is important to note that no major balance sheet initiatives are expected in order for us to be compliant. So let me give you a brief review of the expectations for the remainder of 2015. We continue to expect total loan growth in the 4% to 6% range on a point-to-point basis. However, if current momentum continues, we should skew towards the higher end of that range. Regarding deposits, we continue to expect full year average deposit growth in the 1% to 2% range. And with respect to margin, our expectations for the year are essentially unchanged and we look for margin to remain relatively stable over the balance of 2015. However, we anticipate net interest income growth under our baseline expectations for loan growth and an increase in interest rates later in the year. Finally, we expect to continue to benefit from revenue initiatives, while at the same time, prudently managing our expenses and we remain committed to generating positive operating leverage over time. The second quarter was evidence of our continued momentum in 2015 and we remain focused on executing our financial priorities of diversifying revenue, generating positive operating leverage and effectively deploying our capital. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning. And I will turn it back over to List for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
List Underwood: Thank you, David. We are ready to begin the Q&A session of our call. In order to accommodate as many participants as possible this morning, I would like to ask each caller to please limit your self to one primary question and one related follow-up question. Now lets open up the line for questions, operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
Grayson Hall: Good morning John.
John Pancari: Good morning. Question on the margin again, Dave thanks for the guidance there  for your expectations for relatively stable, just  how would you define that, is that give or take a couple of basis points and if so is it fair to assume just given this rate environment, that we continue to see some modest degradation, maybe a couple of bps a quarter or so, until we get the Fed really move in?
David Turner: So John, you are right. We have tried to maintain the definition of relatively stable throughout this last year or so as one to two points either side of where we are right now. And so when we say that thats what we are looking for the remainder of the year, obviously if we get rates turning on us a little bit and we have the loan growth send the message on the NII growth that we expect to have. And we should see margin move in that direction. But right now, our call is relatively stable for the remainder of the year.
John Pancari: Okay, alright. And then separately on the expense side, I know you had initially given some efficiency ratio expectations and you are talking about the low-60s by the end of 15 and I am wondering how you feel about that at this point and then also, high-50s or so in 16, I am wondering if that is still something that you view as achievable.
David Turner: Yes. We have continued to target being in the lower-60s. To get into the 50s, we do need to have a rate increase for that. Clearly, we need two things to happen, revenue increases and continued focus on expense management to get our efficiency ratio down. And we had a 40 basis point improvement in the quarter. And I think with our internal focus on expense management and continuing to make investments in the right areas to grow our revenue, things are working out. We are moving in that direction. So, to get into the lower 60s will require us to continue on the path that we are on right now.
John Pancari: Okay. And on that, the low 60s, you dont need higher rates, any kind of rate hike to get to that though?
David Turner: We  like I said, we have forecasted to have rate increase this year and that is in our discussion and conclusion on improvement from here of our efficiency ratio.
John Pancari: Okay. Alright, thanks David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Scouten of Sandler ONeill.
Stephen Scouten: Yes, hi. Thanks guys. I was wondering if you could give us some more color around your existing SNC portfolio, what the overall size of that portfolio is and kind of what concerns you might have coming off that SNC exam?
Grayson Hall: Okay. If you will, I will ask Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer, to make a few comments on that and John Turner, Head of Corporate Banking Group. The two of them can provide color on that.
Barb Godin: The overall size of our outstanding SNC portfolio is roughly in the $16 billion range. But as it relates to the results of the SNC exam so that cannot be disclosed, that is confidential supervisory information. So, I would not say much more about that. But we are comfortable with the book in terms of the credit quality that we see in that book. Its very well rated. I will turn it over to John Turner to make a few more comments.
John Turner: Yes. Just in general terms, the SNC book represents a little less than 45% of our total commitments within corporate banking group. We do think its an important part of our business. Its a business that we have grown some clearly over the last two or three years. And its a business we think that will provide us significant revenue opportunities. As we talk about shifting the mix of revenue within the company, one of our key focuses is to grow our corporate banking to grow our capabilities to serve those customers that we are now interacting with in a more significant level as part of the Shared National Credit portfolio. So, we view it as being very strategic and giving us an opportunity to grow significant relationships with customers who can drive NRR.
Stephen Scouten: Okay. And then maybe one other question here, just in regards to other opportunities for capital deployment, what are you guys thinking about from an M&A perspective at this point in time? Are there any increased conversations or increased desire on you alls part to get something done in that regard, especially given BB&T the approval of their Susquehanna deal? Does that give you any greater level of confidence or move up the timeline for potential M&A for you guys?
David Turner: Well, I think the first and foremost, we are focused on organic growth. We are focused on executing our business strategies and trying to build a better bank and have a better team. We are closely monitoring all M&A activity. We are preparing ourselves in the eventuality that opportunities present themselves. We think that some of the activities in the M&A spaces of late have been constructive. We think thats helpful as we sort of prepare our long-term strategies. That being said, at this juncture, our efforts are predominantly around preparation if opportunities present themselves, but our primary focus is growing organically.
Stephen Scouten: Okay, thanks guys. I appreciate taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom of Guggenheim Securities.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Wasserstrom: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of questions on credit quality, you were very clear on the dynamics about what led to this quarters provision. But as I look at the relationship of the reserve to loans, it seems to be stabilizing at around the 1.4% level, whereas some peers have continued to take it down closer to 1.25%. And I am just wondering what you sort of view as adequate going forward if there isnt any incremental migration in the SNC portfolio?
David Turner: So, its David. We dont have any particular percentage that we aim for. We let the model run. There is obviously some judgment at the end of the day, but a lot of it is model-driven. When you have 23 basis points worth of charge-offs and that can continue  if that continues over time, you should see a migration down to some point. I will tell you the loan growth we have had have been larger commercial credits. We tried to give you some color on the volatility that you can expect when you have larger credits and one of them trends negatively. We have  we feel good about the reserve. We feel good about our overall credit quality and trends and our non-performer is coming down. And  but we also have loan growth that we have to provide for. When you mix all that together, if we can continue to see a reduction in non-performers and a reduction in charge-offs, you would expect the coverage to come down, but we need to see that on a quarter-by-quarter basis and let our model run.
Grayson Hall: No, its got to be  we are committed to a very data-driven process and we are letting the data drive that number. We are  as David said, we are not targeting a particular ratio. But instead, we are targeting a process where we evaluate the credit quality of our portfolio and let the data drive that decision.
Barb Godin: However, I dont think it will go back to the old days of the goal of 1%. There will be a new floor established at some point, but it will not go back we dont believe to those pre-recession levels.
Eric Wasserstrom: Great, thanks. Thats very clear. And just one quick follow-up obviously an outstanding quarter on the brokerage and investment banking line item, how do you suggest we think about sort of the sustainable run-rate of revenues in those business lines going forward?
Grayson Hall: Well, there is really  I think in a lot of ways, its very important quarter for us. We really saw growth across  more broadly across our markets and more broadly across products. We have been making a number of investments in parts of our business that grow non-interest revenue. We have really started to see the traction that those businesses are able to gain in this market. We believe that their contributions will continue to increase. And when you look at the growth across the company, its very encouraging, just starting to be reflected into the numbers, but very promising as we look forward. And David, do you want to chime in a little more over?
David Turner: Yes, we were encouraged with  as Grayson mentioned, we have made investments in people. We got our first M&A transaction. We are looking at growing that space. We have made an investment in the Fannie Mae DUS license not quite a year ago. Thats paying off for us. So, these investments that we have made, we feel good about the continued improvement. There was nothing in revenue that causes us to believe there was a one-time issue there in terms of favorability that wont repeat. We are looking to continue to grow that. The pace of which depends on the businesses that we can execute. So, we are very encouraged by that in our NRR growth and how broad it was.
Eric Wasserstrom: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt OConnor of Deutsche Bank.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Matt.
Matt OConnor: Good morning. Can you guys provide the premium amortization within the bond book this quarter and maybe how that compares to previous periods?
David Turner: So, we are at $41 million this past quarter, Matt. It was about $2 million different than previous quarter.
Matt OConnor: $2 million lower, I would assume?
David Turner: Thats right.
Matt OConnor: Okay. And then just I mean looking forward, does that drop more significantly if the backup in rates holds here?
David Turner: I think we are showing a relatively stable kind of a moderation of that premium amortization from here.
Matt OConnor: Okay. And just I mean in terms of why that would be, is it just  there are some banks out there where its really sensitive quarter-to-quarter and I think yours incorporates both the rate outlook and the actual prepayment. So, is it just a little bit of a smoother impact than maybe some other banks?
David Turner: Yes, I think others can have a different method of amortization. Ours are fairly  should be fairly resilient, like I said from here. We used to have our premium amortization was a much bigger impact to us, but our total premiums that exist in the book is down. We also have more 15-year product, so its a little less impactful to us than perhaps some others.
Matt OConnor: Okay. And then just separately the deposit service charges, obviously nice bounce linked quarter there, probably on seasonality, but as you think about you implementing some of the changes you have talked about, I think its the high to low and some other, just provide an update of that, the magnitude and the timing and if there has been any change versus what you thought maybe six months ago?
David Turner: So, our service charge  that was seasonality that you saw, if you compare it year-over-year, the main difference between the prior year had already advanced product in there that you know we are out of that product now. We have continued to investigate changing of our posting order. We still are committed to that effect on us. When we implement, being the $10 million to $15 million range, we expect to implement that towards the latter part of the year, so we havent changed our timing from our last call. But you should see that go in the latter part of this year. So there will be some impact in 15.
Grayson Hall: Additionally, Matt, we have seen steady growth in consumer checking accounts since the first of the year. And so as we continue to grow accounts and that gives us an opportunity to continue to grow that line item, so pretty encouraging news in that regard.
Matt OConnor: Okay, thank you very much. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sameer Gokhale of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Sameer.
Sameer Gokhale: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just on the last question you got, the follow-up on that, to clarify I think that you have switched or switching to a chronological format for posting order, is that right or are you doing high to low I thought  I just want to clarify that?
Grayson Hall: Chronological.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay.
Grayson Hall: And to the extent possible, I think chronological in the purest sense is not possible, but chronological to the degree the transactions allow us to do that.
Sameer Gokhale: Yes  no, I understand. There seems to be a lot of complexity and lack of clarity around exactly what the final rules will be. But just to kind of further flesh that out, I was curious as to your adoption of the chronological order, because in talking to other banks, it seems like many of them have not yet done anything. They are waiting for the final rules to come out. And if and when the final  when the final rules come out, if they are different from what you kind of implemented, then would you need to change that again, so I am just trying to get a sense for the thought process there and kind of going ahead with the chronological process  the chronological order?
Grayson Hall: Yes. Sameer I mean as we think through it, we are absolutely focused on trying to serve our customers in the way that we believe to be appropriate, and we think there is a growing perception on the part of customers that some type of chronological based posting is a more appropriate way to go. We are in close communication with the regulatory authorities about faults on process, faults on posting and we appreciate that that may change on us. We believe we are building the process that we are almost all of our transactions will be time order posted. That being said, because of the complexity of posting, you never quite get the perfection. But we believe this is the right thing to do, and so we are pressing ahead with it. As David said, right now our project plans would have us completing that this year. And so we are on schedule to do that. And if changes occur in subsequent quarters, we will make changes as they are deemed necessary and appropriate. But I think we waited long enough and we feel like that its the right time from a purely from a customer standpoint that we need to do this. Its got  obviously any change can have a mixed reaction on the part of the customers and we just want to be careful that our customers  we communicate well and we are transparent and we do this not only to do the right thing, but do it the right way and so we are trying to do that.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. And then just a quick one if I may, I know you did talk about the home equity loans growing for the first time in a long time, I dont know if you had mentioned what the reason for that is and if you could give us a sense for what those proceeds are used  being used for, are they being used up to pay down consumer credit cards or something else, that would be helpful? Thank you.
Grayson Hall: Well, I mean  we have been  we a few years ago we were predominantly an equity line of credit, is the product that we went to market with. I think that as you saw quite a while back, we introduced amortizing home equity loan that has proved very attractive to our customer base. What we have seen is in this quarter when you consolidate the net of home equity lines and home equity loans, you are seeing customers did  you are seeing that pivot point where on that basis for the first time in 6 years, we have started to grow that portfolio, thats the combination of the runoff of the equity line portfolio has slowed, and the increase in the home equity loan has increased substantially to accommodate that. I would say anecdotally, most of the home equity loans we are making are for sort of a smaller dollar home refinance. Also home repairs and to a less degree and last on that list would be debt consolidation. Strong FICO score probably averaging close to 7, 7.78, LTV around 60%, so good product going on and I think serving our customers well.
Sameer Gokhale: Thats great. Thanks Grayson.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. I just had one follow-up question on credit. Barb, it looks like the way I am reading the charge-off breakdown, in C&I this quarter and in owner occupied CRE last quarter, the single basis point loss rate implies to me that there could be recoveries in those two categories. And I guess, the question here as we think about provisioning and reserving going forward, is it 23 basis points to 28 basis points charge-off range that we saw in the past two quarters sustainable or given potentially outsized recoveries, should we look to the range prior to those two quarters of between 35 basis points to 40 basis points?
Barb Godin: Yes. Erika, recoveries actually do play a role in what we saw this past quarter, but it also played a role in prior quarters. The one thing I would caution on it, I think recoveries is, a lot of the loans that we charged off those are recoveries that we have already received as our charge-offs have come down and this was an opportunity for recoveries going forward. The 23 points of loss that we are pretty pleased about this quarter is great, but we do believe again that thats probably close to the bottom of where we are going to be. We might get another point to two out of it. But again, we will probably move somewhere between that 25 basis points to 35 basis point range as we think forward.
Erika Najarian: And as my  the second question to that is, how long do you think from a credit standpoint, we could stay in that 25 basis points to 35 basis point range and I guess a better way to ask that is, do you see anything near-term that could move you outside of that band?
Barb Godin: Yes. The only thing I could see near-term at all is something that we cant see. What  from everything that we see thats in front of us, we feel comfortable that we will stay in that band. But again, you never know if you have some other factors that happens in the economy that will create an issue for us, and we will disclose at that time.
Erika Najarian: Got it, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, Grayson. I was wondering if I guess a question on expenses in an absolute sense. So David, you talked about having a little room in some areas to improve, but then you talked about also the kind of normalization of that deposit administrative line, so what are the puts and takes about  in future expense growth and how much of that kind of continued investment burden, do you still bear from here?
David Turner: Well, I wouldnt categorize investment as a burden. Some of that is good. Investments we are making to grow our revenue generators is a good expense. We will do that all day long and expect a return for those type of investments. I will tell you, though as we think about managing our expense base, again we got to look at salaries and benefits. I can see furniture and fixtures in our outside services, so those four categories. And in that, we can tighten up a little bit in terms of some of the investments we have had to make over time to deal with regulatory environment that we are facing in this banking industry things that are related to risk management, capital planning and those kinds of things that in compliance and audit. All those over time will rationalize. And you should see some opportunities for us there. Also, as you know we have done branch consolidations in the past. Thats brought down salaries and benefits. Its brought down furniture and fixtures. Its brought down occupancy expense. And while we dont have any current plans for branch consolidations, we are continuing to look at our branch footprint as part of our retail network strategy to ensure that channel is optimized that we will make investments where appropriate and well tighten up other areas that  other branches where the revenue generation isnt strong enough for us. And then lastly, I will tell you we have a number of Six Sigma initiatives underway in our company. Firstly, every department has an obligation to look at how they can become more efficient. We havent had a named expense initiative as you know, but internally, we have an intense focus on expense management. And so there is not an expense that is off the radar screen, but the areas we will move the meter of those four, five areas I mentioned.
Ken Usdin: And I  sorry, go ahead, Grayson.
Grayson Hall: No, I just add to what David said, I think we are absolutely committed to rigorous expense management across the company. You can never be as good as you want to be in that regard. We continue to challenge ourselves internally that are we being good expense managers? In this environment, its a critical skill. But we also are more than willing to make prudent investments that allow us to grow prudently. And so we will continue to do that. We think those have been smart decisions. They certainly are paying off. And to Davids point, we will do that every day. And we have done that in terms of recruiting new bankers on to our team making investments in our current team to allow us to grow more appropriately, but prudently. And so as part of  if you look at, if you backup and look at our efficiency ratio and you look at it both expense and revenue side, we have done much better on the expense side than we have on the revenue side. And we are trying to take a very balanced approach to expense management, a thoughtful approach that gets us where we want to be. And to Davids point, we are trying to make incremental improvement every quarter to get down to that lower 60% efficiency ratio, but its going to require work on both sides of that formula.
Ken Usdin: Yes, I understood. And just as a quick follow-up on that, though working on it and is it the type of stuff that I know you dont have a program or a number, but as you think about the things you can work on, is it more just about monitoring the rate of growth or do you think you would have the ability to actually at some point get the expense base back down?
Grayson Hall: Well, let me  its not to make it more complicated than it is, we clearly have been making investments in risk management and we have been making investments in bankers and growth opportunities that we see. We tried to self fund a great deal of that expense and have process improvement in a number of our back offices. We have tried to do that process improvement in a lot of our support offices such as legal and in vendor management, but we also have tried to rationalize our channels. And in particular, the branch channel has been, we think, pretty aggressive in rationalizing channels and trying to make them as efficient as we can without reducing our effectiveness for the customer. And so it  while we dont have a branded program, rest assured, we got lots of internal programs.
David Turner: Yes. And Ken, we were down in expenses four years in a row. We didnt commit to having expenses in 15 lower than 14, because we knew we want to make investments in the revenue generators and some are still coming on board, so that generated the revenue. We think thats the right kind of spend for us. Can we get down to the expense level that we had in 14 at some point? It just depends on the investments we make going forward. I think the first order of business is to watch the spend, so that the rate of growth is the most appropriate rate of growth and then we can look at how efficient can we get over time with the use of things like Six Sigma and so forth.
Ken Usdin: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Geoffrey.
Geoffrey Elliott: Good morning. How are you?
Grayson Hall: Well.
Geoffrey Elliott: Question on the energy portfolio, I was interested to see that was kind of down a couple of percent over the quarter, which is lower than the pace of decline that we have seen at some of the other banks. So, I am curious is that a deliberate strategy on your part? Are you trying to pursue more of a stick with the customer keep providing credit strategy than you think some of the other banks might be or do you think that could just be differences in structural portfolios?
John Turner: Geoffrey, this is John Turner. First of all, we say we are committed to sticking with our customers on where that makes sense. And I think as you think about what we are doing today, we are approaching our evaluation business on an ongoing basis with a healthy skepticism, but staying very close to our customers so that we understand whats going on their businesses. When you look at the reduction in commitments, primarily occurred in the E&P space, where as a result of borrowing base re-determinations, we reduced commitments by a little over $320 million, or on average, about 16%. We also had a number of our customers access the capital markets. And in fact, over the last seven months, I guess they have raised over $7 billion in the capital markets that used those funds to both to add additional liquidity to potentially make investments, to reduce their leverage, and so that certainly had an impact as well. And we think our clients are doing all the right things. And so as a result, we have a  we are cautiously confident about the performance of the book. When I say doing the right things, our customers have reacted quickly to market conditions. They have reduced their expenses, reduced their CapEx. They are raising liquidity and reducing leverage where appropriate. And as a consequence, I think we will continue to see some reduction in the business until the market turns and reinvestment occurs.
Grayson Hall: And John, if you would speak for a minute about customer selectivity and limited number of things in our book?
John Turner: Yes, I think just another aspect of the way we think about the risk in the book is as I said this before, we have really a small number of larger names, we think colossal activity has been one of the hallmarks of our energy book. These are customers that we have known for a long time. Most of them, at least of any size, are very recognizable in the industry. Management teams are very experienced. As I mentioned, good access to capital markets and liquidity and we think that they are doing all the right things. We have spent a lot of time internally reviewing the portfolio. I mentioned that we have a quarterly review process for our oilfield services book. We have now looked at internally over 91% of our oilfield services exposure within the last four months. We also have done borrowing base re-determinations on all, but one of our E&P relationship, so 98% plus or minus, of that book. And then our energy portfolio has been subject to a number of external reviews, including the SNC exam, where we think 67% of our total energy book was reviewed as part of the SNC exam. Thats about 89% of the E&P portfolio and over 55%  or about 55% of oilfield services. So, a lot of eyes on our energy portfolio and we think a lot of transparency given the fact that there are smaller number of larger exposures, which is a good thing. On the downside, there is some single name risk associated with deterioration. But all-in-all, I think we feel like we have a pretty good handle on the exposure in the energy portfolio.
Geoffrey Elliott: And to follow-up, the increase in the right exposure, what happened there over the quarter?
Grayson Hall: We had some reclassifications as we cant continue to look for indirect exposures that are in some way impacted by the energy business. So as an example, we pulled in some of our investor real estate portfolio, where we have income-producing properties that are leased to third parties which happen to be in the energy space. And so as we capture that as an indirect exposure, that had an impact on outstandings, as example.
Geoffrey Elliott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo.
Grayson Hall: Matt good morning.
Matt Burnell: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. David maybe a question for you, you mentioned branch reduction. And obviously thats been a positive story for you, all down about 3% year-over-year with them, somewhat more positive momentum in the last couple of quarters, but also looking at the transaction services only line, thats been pretty stable, I guess I am curious how you all are thinking about the product delivery capability over the next couple of years as you think about rationalizing branches, full service branches, should we begin to see the full service branches continue to come down, but at the same time the transaction services presumably smaller, less costly branches, rise?
Grayson Hall: Well, you asked the question to David, but if you dont mind, I will answer it. I think it is we have said about a number of our businesses around the company, we tend to be very data driven. And we think its important to make sure we understand the data and whats going on in all of our channels. And branches, in particular, we are doing a lot from an experimentation and an innovation perspective with new branch formats, less people, more technology. We also are experimenting with a number of innovative designs around drive-throughs and our capabilities of our ATMs and all sat locations. All are being said, we still  when you look at the markets we operate in and the customers that we serve, and we serve almost 4 million customers across 16 states, they all have different needs. And when you look at our customer base, still 59% of our customers will visit one of our branches in the next 30 days. So we still have a lot of customer traffic. In fact, we got a lot of branches that are operating at over capacity levels. And so weve introduced a number of digital capabilities. Deposit  smartphone deposit capture, remote deposit capture for our small business and corporate customers. We tried to use innovation to try to take more transactions out of our branches that allows us to be more efficient, but also dedicate more resource to sales and service. And so we have been introducing technology into our ATMs. Roughly 75% of our ATMs today have the ability to take a deposit through image technology. If you look at how efficient we have got, almost 21% of the deposits are company  are coming through the digital channel as opposed to coming through one of our branch offices. So making good progress, but we are letting the data drive the number. So when we see a bench that is  that transaction volumes and customer accounts in a particular branch is  drives that decision so that we dont do that anecdotally, but we do it with a lot of data and data analytics. And so we will continue to do that. I do think customers are showing a preference for additional channels, but it varies per market. And a lot of our markets are still very, very branch dependent and so we pay attention to that.
Matt Burnell: Okay, thats helpful color. And David, maybe I can direct this one to you, specifically on the earning assets, you saw about an $860 million decline, 29% decline in other interest earning assets which I presume is mostly cash at the Fed, how does that number trend in your current outlook for margin through the rest of the year?
David Turner: Yes. You are exactly right, so we put the excess cash to work, so that pushed in terms of the loan growth. We should see some growth in earning assets that will come with deposit growth picking up. And now the question is where will that be deployed in the securities book, cash at the Fed or in loan growth and we feel good about our loan growth, gave you a little bit of good guidance in terms of what we thought we will do, skewing towards the upper end of our previously announced range. So we expect that to pick up slightly.
Matt Burnell: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Grayson Hall: Good morning Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning. Thank you. A couple of questions, one could you guys just go over the Shared National Credit outstandings, I didnt hear it clearly and I think the transcript may have gotten a number of incorrect?
Grayson Hall: Barb, could you speak to that.
Barb Godin: Yes, I will speak to it. In fact, its $18 billion roughly in outstandings that we have for the Shared National Credit.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. And because the transcript I think said 50 is  I assume the transcript is incorrect then.
Barb Godin: Youre correct. 
Gerard Cassidy: Okay, thank you for clarifying that. Coming back to your loan portfolio, at one point you guys were de-risking the portfolio by allowing the commercial real estate balances to come down. And I believe that ended some time ago, but there is still shrinking. And maybe can you give us some color whats going on in the commercial real estate investor as well as on owner-occupied commercial estate mortgage portfolios?
John Turner: Yes. This is John Turner. First let me start with owner-occupied real estate. We are continuing to see that book run off a bit. I dont think thats much reflective of the fact that we are just not seeing middle market sort of lower end to middle market in our business banking, small business customers invest in expanding their businesses. So the volume of activity that we see is down. That portfolio amortizes every month and so we are continuing to see some run off, although the run off is slowing a bit and we expect that to trend to actually turn in the future. As it relates to investor real estate, we did de-risk the book. We have remade our business model, built it around professional real estate bankers working closely with real estate developers, again real focused on client selectivity. Its a business we want to grow, but its heavily construction-oriented today, and we would like to see a shift more to have a better balance between construction and term lending. We are very committed to managing that book in a very disciplined and thoughtful way, applying our concentration limit methodology to make sure that we dont have too much exposure to any product type or any particular market, diversity is really important to us as we think about managing that business going forward. So I think you can expect to see it grow sort of as the economy grows, would be our plan, kind of the 2% to 4% range, but not much faster than that as we seek to manage that risk prudently and shift again the mix from construction to more term...
Gerard Cassidy: And then just as a follow-up, Grayson you gave us some good color on the branches and your digital channel and the activity you are getting through the digital channel. And its certainly a topic of debate in the industry today about the retail branch model. I  with your 1,500 or so branches can you guys give us some color on the profitability, how many of those are meeting your return on equity or internal rate of return hurdles, how many are not profitable, so give us a flavor?
Grayson Hall: Yes. We would certainly  we calculate that data. We calculate that data on a real frequent basis. And we got different hurdles that we try to monitor to make sure each of our offices are meeting our hurdles. And where we are at today is roughly 98%, 99% of our branch offices are providing a positive direct contribution to our earnings. That being said, do they all hurdle over internal rate of return requirements for branches are we have to look at each individual branch and see whether that branch is predominantly servicing transactions or are they going accounts, are they growing balances both deposits and loans. Then we take all that into consideration. And we take into consideration the markets they operate in before we make that consolidation decision. Quite frankly, we are seeing tremendous growth in digital channels, but the growth in digital channels is faster than the reduction of activity in our branches. A lot of digital activity is new activity. Its additional activity. But we are seeing patterns in our branches change and we make movements, take decisions based off those behavioral changes. But I will go back to my earlier comment, when it comes to the branch, our decision cant be anecdotal. It has to be based off the absolute numerics of that branch and it has to be in the best interest of the community that we operate in. Our engagement in our communities and our commitment to the communities we operate in is very, very important to us and so all of that has to be considered when we look at branches.
David Turner: Gerard, Ill add to that. One thing we have consolidated little over 20% of our branch count since the crisis. We stay focused on it. And one of the things we need to  we have to think through is even those that dont give us the return we would like is we have to look at what the next alternative is if we dont have that branch. Because anytime we consolidate a branch, we lose revenue. Now, the goal is to lose more expense from the revenue that we just lost and thats why you have seen the consolidation to be in a very measured pace. We will continue to look at that. And while we dont have any identified as of right now, you should expect us to continue to rationalize our whole retail footprint over time.
Grayson Hall: But I think an important point to make is that today we are seeing a higher level of sales growth in our physical points of presence. In fact, our branches  our sales in the second quarter  new account sales in the second quarter is the highest we have seen in four years, so very good performance out of branches this quarter.
Gerard Cassidy: Grayson and David, thank you.
Grayson Hall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja of JPMorgan.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Vivek Juneja: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. A couple of questions. Firstly, Barb, on your Shared National Credits of $18 billion, how much are you the lead on?
Barb Godin: We are the lead on  I dont have the dollars at my fingertips, but it is roughly 100 credits.
Vivek Juneja: 100 credits.
Barb Godin: Out of a book of approximately 1,300.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, okay, great. And then secondly, maybe just for Grayson and David, let me turn back to the efficiency ratio question, when I look at your efficiency ratio calculation, I add back the deposit administrative fee refund that you got. Your core efficiency ratio is essentially flat with last quarter at roughly 65%, which is up almost 180 basis points from a year ago. And I know you are talking about it coming down into the low 60s. How much of that decline given that there is a lot of expense pressure, which you have touched on an investment that you are doing. So, how much of the decline that you are expecting are you factoring in from Fed rate hike benefit? I mean, going from 65 to low 60s, David or Grayson, how much do you expect to come from there?
David Turner: Yes, we dont have it broken out in terms of just related to the rate hike. What I will tell you is that the main driver of our efficiency ratio is growing our revenue appropriately. We do have the expense measures that we are looking at in that revenue growth is expecting those investments that we have made thus far to continue to generate the revenue growth and we are seeing that. We saw that this quarter with 7% NIR growth, but we have people we hired just an example our financial consultants were up to 200. Weve just got our 200th one, I think this week, but it takes time for those new folks to generate the revenue that we expect. Its about eight or nine months. So, we carry the expense load until the revenue comes. And so part of our getting into that lower 60s is rate, part of it is continued execution from the people that are here. And then from the expense side, as I mentioned earlier in the call, continuing to look at the support groups, whether it be again finance, HR, risk management, credit teams, all that infrastructure that we look at we continue to work to rationalize that to use technology to help us deliver our products and services cheaper to our customer base. So, all of that has to work together to get our efficiency ratio down into the lower 60s. We really want to get to the higher 50s. That does take a rate hike to get where we are in a normal rate environment. So that will take some time to get there.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of David Eads of UBS.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Dave.
David Eads: Hello. Thanks for taking the call. Just I guess a couple of questions on the loan growth, maybe on indirect auto we have seen some talk about the CFPB and dealer markups on those loans. I am curious what you guys do when it comes to dealer discretion on pricing? And then I guess more broadly, what you think that those moves could mean for competition across the industry?
David Turner: Well, we have seen obviously a change in some of our competitors in terms of dealer markups. Today, we give 200 basis points discretion, which is a little lower than the average peer. The average peer has been to 300. They lowered down to 250. So, we are a little lower than peers. We have seen some go to flats. The industry really is looking, along with the captives, which have just come into the fold for the CFPB to really give the  those of us that operate with the rules of the game are. And what I will tell you is we will adapt and overcome. We just want to know what they are. We will figure out how to make money in whatever environment it is. So, right now, I think there is a measured pace as to whether or not we go to flats or whether or not we go from 200 to 100 or some other basis. But I think that if you looked at our business, half of it only has 100 basis points of discretion in it. So, we are positioned well to adapt to whatever the rules are. We just need some finalization to come from the regulatory side.
Grayson Hall: And I will just add to what David said. We have done a number of things strategically to try to position ourselves better for what David has outlined as an industry thats under change. And we are trying to measure that change, interpret that change. So, we have done some experimentation and some innovation around pricing. We have experimented with substantially reduced markups. We have experimented with something much lower than our standard. We have worked with our dealers and strategically we have reduced the number of dealers we do business with to make sure that we have got large dealer groups that we have got confidence in the way they run the risk management part of their business. And we will continue to make changes as the market changes. Today, though the commercial banks are only about a third of that marketplace and so commercial banks are responding to it, its still been a good market for us, but been very selective in who we do business with and what kind of business we will place on the books.
David Eads: Great. Thats some good color. And then I think you guys broke out this other consumer indirect category this quarter. And I am just kind of curious, you talked about that being partnerships with primarily home improvement retailers, is that kind of going to have the characteristics of a home equity loan or a card loan and kind of what you are looking to do with that business?
Grayson Hall: At its core, its basically indirect lending through point of sale. And we have partnered with people who provide the front-end origination of those loans at retailers. And so we  its just an alternative source. As you see, there is a lot of change in the consumer lending space, a lot of digital offerings in the market, but there is also a lot of offerings that are taking place at point of purchase, if you will, and home improvement is a big issue for a lot of our customers and what they want to get that financing when they walk into the home improvement store. And so we have partnered to try to capture some of that. And so we are trying to be innovative in consumer lending and this is just an example where we have had some good progress in that regard.
David Eads: Great, thanks.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I will now turn the floor back over for closing remarks.
Grayson Hall: Well, listen, thank you for your questions. We very much appreciate your questions, appreciate your participation, your interest in Regions. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: List Underwood - Investor Relations Grayson Hall - Chief Executive Officer David Turner - Chief Financial Officer John Turner - Corporate Banking Group Barb Godin - Senior Executive Vice President, CCO and Regions Bank
Analysts: Erika Najarian - Bank of America Michael Rose - Raymond James John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Stephen Scouten - Sandler O'Neill Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities Ken Usdin - Jefferies John Pancari - Evercore ISI Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Gerard Cassidy - RBC Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott David Eads - UBS Vivek Juneja - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula, and I'll be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
List Underwood: Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation on our call today. Our presenters include, Grayson Hall, our Chief Executive Officer; and David Turner, our Chief Financial Officer. Other members of our management team are present as well and available to answer questions as appropriate. Also, as part of our call -- earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Let me remind you that in this call and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. For further details, please reference our forward-looking statement that is located in the Appendix section of the presentation. Grayson?
Grayson Hall: Thank you, List, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased you could join us as we review our first quarter results. First quarter results reflect a solid start to 2015, as we reported our earnings of $218 million or $0.16 per diluted share, which included $0.02 per share of significant items that negatively impacted EPS. These results illustrate that we are successfully executing our strategic priorities, which include diversifying revenue, generating positive operating leverage and effectively deploying capital. As notably, we achieved these results even with severe weather conditions in our markets during the first quarter. During the quarter, we grew loans and deposits, we grew checking accounts in all of our markets, we generated positive operating leverage, while prudently managing expenses and receiving no objection to our CCAR submission. Our loan growth in the first quarter was 1% with most loan categories experiencing growth. Deposit growth exceeded our expectations this quarter with balance still growing 3% from the end of last year. As continued evidence of our Regions360 approach to relationship banking, we grew checking accounts in all of our market and accordingly also increased our number of households. Total revenue remained relatively steady from the fourth quarter, despite seasonal declines in both net interest income and non-interest income. However, our efforts around diversifying our revenue streams helped to offset these declines. Wealth Management delivered strong results, growing revenue 8% and increasing assets under administration by 5%. While all segments within Wealth Management grew revenue, insurance was particularly noteworthy, as revenue increased 13% linked quarter. Going forward, along the organic growth, we will continue to target lift-out and acquisition opportunities in the support of business. This will also allow us to round down our product offerings and geographic coverage, and will drive incremental revenue growth. Adjusted expenses declined 2% from the fourth quarter as many of our expense categories declined. We continue to prudently manage expenses, while focusing on expenses we can control, while appropriately investing for future growth. Total expense during the first quarter was impacted by few planned actions, where we incur additional charges, but our future run rate should benefit. Let me spend a few moments and provide you with an update on energy lending portfolio. We continue to use our corporate governance process to monitor oil price declines for direct and indirect impact to our overall loan portfolio. While we have seen some downward risk breeding migration in our oil field services portfolio, we are not seeing widespread financial stress within our customers in the portfolio. Obviously, if oil prices remained at low levels for the extended period of time additional migration is likely. However, we are staying engaged with our customers and we will take necessary actions as we deem appropriate. Conversely, we believe consumers are beginning to experience benefits from lower oil prices, with consumer loan categories, net charge-offs, delinquencies and non-performing loans, all declined during the quarter. In fact, total net charge-offs to average loans is 28 basis points in the quarter, our lowest level in over seven years. Also during the first quarter, we received no objections to our planned capital action from the Federal Reserve related to our CCAR submission. We believe our plan reaffirms our commitment to effectively managing our capital is for long-term growth objectives, while also increasing returns to shareholders. It also highlights our continued long-term approach to capital allocation and distribution. As returning excess capital to shareholders remains a priority. Our capital plan included increase in the quarterly $0.01 per share to $0.06. Additionally, we plan to repurchase $875 million of outstanding shares over the next five quarters subject to Board approval. From an economic perspective, we anticipate a growth should pick up over the remainder of the year, and we expect continued improvement in housing prices across our markets. However, we do not expect an increase in short-term rates until the later part of 2015. We will continue to leverage our Regions360 approach to relationship banking to grow and expand our customer base. In fact, during the first quarter, Regions was again recognized by leading customer experience research firms the Temkin Group and Greenwich Associates for providing industry-leading service to both consumers and businesses in 2014. We are pleased to once again be recognized for providing an exceptional customer experience. With that, I will turn it over to David. He will cover details for the first quarter. David?
David Turner: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I'll take you through the first quarter details and then wrap up with our expectations for the remainder of 2015. Loan balances totaled $78 billion at the end of the first quarter, up $936 million or 1%. Business lending achieved solid growth that was balanced across industry segments and geographic locations. Balances in this portfolio totaled $49 billion at the end of the quarter, an increase of $867 million or 2%. Investor real estate lending balances totaled $7 billion, an increase of $108 million or 2%. And commercial and industrial loans grew $949 million or 3%, and this growth was driven by our market-based corporate and commercial bankers serving small corporate and middle market clients. In addition, Regions business capital, our asset-based lending group and corporate real estate exhibited growth during the quarter. Line utilization increased 10 basis points, commitments for new loans increased 4% and our pipelines remained strong. Moving to consumer lending, loans in this portfolio totaled $29 billion, as production increased 9% linked quarter. Mortgage loan balances increased $103 million and production increased 9% linked quarter. In addition, indirect auto lending balances increased $59 million or 2% as this portfolio continues to expand. New and enhanced consumer lending product offerings led the growth in our other consumer loan category, loan balances increased $28 million and the portfolio totaled $1.2 billion at the end of the quarter, while production also increased 58%. As expected, credit card balance declined following a seasonally high fourth quarter, balances declined $43 million or 4% from the previous quarter. However, production increased 20%. And finally, total home equity balances declined $78 million or 1%, while production also decreased 1%. Lets take a look at deposit. Supported by our multichannel platform, total deposits growth was strong, increasing $3 billion during the first quarter. Two-thirds of this growth was driven by consumer deposits, which were broad base across the majority of our markets. Deposits costs remained near historically low levels and totaled 12 basis points, while total funding costs were 29 basis points in the quarter. Let's look how this impacted our results. Net interest income on a fully taxable basis was $832 million, a decline of $5 million or 1% from the previous quarter. The low rate environment and fewer days in the quarter were the principal drivers of the decrease, but were partially offset by increases in average loans and reductions of higher costs borrowings. Net interest margin increased slightly from the previous quarter to 3.18%, reflecting the benefits of reduced borrowing costs, offset by higher levels of cash due to deposit growth. Total non-interest income declined $4 million or 1% in the first quarter. Mortgage income increased $13 million or 48% as loan production increased along with improvement in the market valuation of mortgage servicing rights. As Grayson noted, our Wealth Management Group delivered strong results for the quarter, revenue increased 8% led by higher insurance commissions, higher investment services fees and increases in investment management and trust income. Service charges declined $6 million from the previous quarter, which was due to a $3 million decline in fees resulting from a product discontinuation in the fourth quarter and seasonally lower non-sufficient fund fees. Card and ATM fees decreased slightly as a result of lower spending and transaction volumes that are typically experienced in the first quarter. However, the number of active accounts continued to increase. Let's move on to expenses. Total reported expenses in the first quarter were $905 million, a decline of 7%, while adjusted expenses declined 2%. During the first quarter, we redeemed $250 million of higher cost debt, incurring $43 million extinguishment charges, but earnings will benefit from a lower run rate going forward. As previously noted, in the fourth quarter 2014, we announced plans to consolidate 50 branches throughout 2015 as part of an ongoing evaluation of the branch network. We recorded $13 million of expense related to the consolidation in the first quarter of 2015. In addition, we have a space planning initiative underway which will reduce occupancy expense going forward. This initiative results in an incremental charge of $9 million. Salaries and benefits remained relatively flat from the previous quarter despite a seasonal increase in payroll taxes of $11 million, which was offset by decline of $15 million in incentives that is not expected to repeat next quarter. Pension expenses increased $2 billion lower than our original estimate for the quarter and should remain at this level for the remainder of 2015. In the second quarter, we expect an increase of salaries and benefits commensurate with annual merit increases. Occupancy and furniture fixtures declined a total of $5 million and outside services declined $6 million. Professional, legal and regulatory expenses excluding the previous quarters of $100 million legal and regulatory accrual declined $15 million to $19 million for the quarter. Although there are opportunities for expense reductions, we expect expenses in this category to increase somewhat and some amount of volatility should be expected. Our adjusted efficiency ratio was 64.9% in the quarter, an improvement of 120 basis points from the prior period. Prudent expense management remains a top priority as we remain committed for generating positive operating leverage over time. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 28.7%. This rate reflects the impact of the adoption of new guidance related to the accounting for investments in qualified affordable housing projects, which increased income tax expense and non-interest income. All prior periods have been restated to conform in this new presentation. In addition, the first quarters tax expense includes a one-time benefit related to an improved methodology to determine state deferred taxes of approximately $10 million which reduced our effective tax rate by approximately 300 basis points. Moving to asset quality, total commercial and investor real estate criticized and classified loans increased $125 million or 5% from the prior quarter as the company experienced some weakening in large dollar commercial and industrial loans within the energy, healthcare and other portfolios. However, we do not believe this weakening is systemic in nature. As Grayson noted, we are closely monitoring the energy portfolio and have experienced some risk-rating downgrades this quarter. However, because the number of our energy clients are limited, we are in a position to maintain frequent contact and will continue to be diligent through our normal processes of credit servicing these loans. Compared to the prior quarter, total delinquencies declined 12% and troubled debt restructurings or TDRs declined 5%. Our non-performing loans, excluding loans held for sale, decreased 3% linked quarter and at quarter end, our loan loss allowance to non-performing loans or coverage ratio was 137%. Again as Grayson mentioned total net charge-offs declined $29 million and represented 28 basis points of average loans. The provision for loan losses was $49 million or $5 million less than net charge-offs. Given where we are in the credit cycle in the large dollar commercial credits in our portfolio along with fluctuating oil prices, volatility in certain credit metrics can be expected. Lets talk about capital and liquidity. During the quarter, we repurchased $102 million of shares of common stock which completes the $350 million program that was part of our 2014 CCAR submission. Additionally, during the first quarter, we began the transition period for the Basel III capital rules. As such, we will report Basel III capital ratios under the phase-in provisions for regulatory reporting purposes. But we will also continue to report ratios as if fully implemented. Under these new provisions, we maintained industry-leading capital levels as a tier 1 ratio was estimated at 12% and the common equity tier 1 was estimated at 11.2%. In addition, the common equity tier 1 was estimated at 10.9% on a fully phase-in basis. Liquidity at both the bank and holding company remains solid with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 80%. And regarding the liquidity coverage ratio rule, Regions remains well positioned to be fully compliant with the January 2016 implementation deadline. Throughout 2015, we will update customer agreements to include LCR friendly language. We will modify our existing deposit products and we also plan to create new products and services to complement our strong position of high-quality liquid assets. It is important to note that no major balance sheet initiatives are expected in order for us to be compliant.  Lets take a few minutes and touch on our expectations for the remainder of 2015. With respect to loans, we continue to expect total loan growth in the 4% to 6% range on a point-to-point basis. Commercial and industrial loans are expected to drive loan growth within the business lending portfolio. And while owner-occupied commercial real estate is not expected to provide meaningful growth, the pace of runoff is expected to slow. Looking at the consumer lending book, we expect continued growth from indirect auto lending. We will continue to focus on driving better pull-through rates, increasing margins and improving overall credit profiles. We also expect to augment growth through new partnerships later in the year. Additionally, continued growth in other consumer loans is expected. We are focused on expanding lending through online and point-of-sale financing alternatives. And as a result, we expect growth in this category to accelerate in 2015. Moving to credit card, as we remain focused on increasing our penetration rates, this should drive balance growth in the near term. And finally, we expect the pace of home equity runoff to moderate throughout the year. Regarding deposits, while we had a better-than-anticipated first quarter, we expect full year average deposit growth in the 1% to 2% range. As a reminder, a significant portion of our deposits are made up of consumer deposits, which tend to be more granular and smaller in size, which based on our research should be more stable and less rate sensitive in a rising rate environment. With respect to margin, our expectations for the year have not changed materially. We expect to drive net interest income and margin growth over the balance of the year under our baseline expectations for loan growth and an increase in interest rates late in the year. Further, we expect to benefit from revenue initiatives within mortgage, capital markets and wealth management while at the same time diligently managing expenses. That being said, we are committed to generating positive operating leverage. We believe that the first quarter was a solid start for 2015 and we will continue to execute on our strategic priorities of diversifying revenue, generating positive operating leverage and effectively deploying our capital. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning. And Ill now turn it back over to List for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
List Underwood: Thank you, David. We are now ready to begin the Q&A -- excuse me-- the Q&A session of our call. In order to accommodate as many participants as possible this morning and there are number of you in the queue, I would ask each caller to please limit yourself to one primary question and one related follow-up. Now let's open up the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Grayson Hall: Good morning Erika.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. My first question is on the $949 million in C&I loan growth in the quarter. How much of that $949 million was related to your oil and gas sector?
David Turner: Erika, during the quarter, we really had kind of moved sideways in terms of our oil and gas. That was really a far broader base expansion of the loan portfolio outside of the energy sector.
Erika Najarian: Great. And my follow-up question is, in terms of your guidance for positive operating leverage, it sounds like you're still accounting for some rate increases in the back half of the year, which many investors are sort of stripping out of their model. Could you still hit positive operating leverage if the Fed doesn't raise rates this year?
David Turner: Erika, it would be very difficult if rates stayed in the $1.75 to $2 range. To do that, we can get close but it would be difficult. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, we do expect -- we have baked in little bit of an increase in September and a little one in December. But really loan growth for us is important when we saw loan growth this quarter and deposit growth and earning asset growth. Thats a pretty big positive for us going into this whole concept of generating positive operating leverage. So its not out of the question. It does make it more difficult.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rose of Raymond James.
Grayson Hall: Good morning Michael.
Michael Rose: Hey, good morning. Just wanted to follow up on the energy topic. Can you disclose how much of this quarter's provision related to the review of the energy book? And then, where do reserves stand? And if you cant give a specific number, maybe you can give us some context as where they stand now versus maybe where they stood in 09 when we had a similar price decline?
David Turner: Yeah. So Michael, we wont disclose the specific dollar amount attributable to this but clearly we have a process, Ive talked in the prepared comments about our servicing that we are going through. We have relatively small number of customers in this sector whether itd be our E&P customer base or oilfield services customer. So were spending a lot of time with them and we understand where those credits are. We had some migration down. The migration you saw that was not just in the energy sector, it was other sectors. Healthcare and even some other industries that really contributed to that. But we have a very disciplined process from a lending standpoint. We do have amounts in our calculation attributable to energy. That allocation has increased as our credits continues to migrate down this past quarter. So, we feel like we have those credits appropriately reserved right now.
Grayson Hall: Yeah, Mike. Weve got a very rigorous disciplined process for credit servicing and risk ratings. And obviously we saw a number of risk rating downgrades in the energy portfolio and particular in the oilfield services part of that portfolio. That being said, weve got a lot of confidence in our customer selection and in our risk rating process and feel very good about where we are at today. That being said, I had asked John Turner, if he would. John runs our Corporate Banking Group here at Regions and all of our energy lending reports up to John, asking if he would make a few comments for oilfield services in particular.
John Turner: Happy to. Thanks, Grayson. Just commenting from a risk mitigation standpoint with respect to oilfield services, we have been through the process of reviewing about 80% of our outstanding. We did that about 45 days ago and we do that on a quarterly basis. As a result of that review, what we observed was that about 25% of the book had previously been downgraded. Virtually all those downgrades were well within the past categories. And as a result of that quarterly review because our bankers have previously downgraded credit really didnt downgrade any additional credit. We do anticipate given what has clearly been some reduction in capital spending that in the latter part of the second quarter, the third quarter and fourth quarter, as we begin to get year end results for some of these companies, we should see some additional downward migration. But as David pointed out, we have a small group of customers that represent our exposure here. We are closer to those customers and we think they are doing the right things to manage their business in a difficult environment. Separately, we think about our reserve based lending portfolio. We have now been through the borrowing base redeterminations for 25% of our book and what we have observed is about a 20% reduction in borrowing base availability, customers still have about 40% of availability on average under the lines of credit. Half of the credits weve reviewed have remained at their current risk rating. The other half has seen again some downward migration in risk rating but virtually all of that has been within the past category. And so we remain cautiously, comfortable with the credit exposure we have in both the reserve based lending and the oilfield services books.
Michael Rose: Okay. Thats great color. And then maybe as a follow-up to Erics question who asked in a different way. If rates do stay lower for longer, what areas in the expense side would you look to maybe trim a little bit or take some more actions to maybe meet that positive operating leverage goal? Thanks.
Grayson Hall: Yeah. Mike, I would tell you, we are not waiting to see what happens with the rate environment. I think being disciplined around expense management is just part of who we are. Weve talked about that for a number of years. Cleary, the big drivers for us are our three largest categories of expense -- salaries and benefits, occupancy, furniture and fixtures are the areas that you have to move the needle on to get any meaningful change. We have deployed a lot of six sigma initiatives throughout our company to improve the processes. Those process improvements are -- some of those were actually revenue enhancement opportunities but some of those are -- from a cost standpoint to control costs. We are down in headcount, a 122, from the end of the year to the end of the first quarter. And so you should see us look at those three categories and really every other one. You saw legal and professional down as we continue to watch really third-party spend. Thats probably the fourth biggest one, making sure that we are -- we need a third-party that we hold them accountable. And in the good old days when we were kind of going through all the changes in the industry, we had to go hire our consultant and throw a lot of labor hours and expense to solve whatever problem we have. Today, we are little more disciplined and in terms of meeting to go out for third-parties, so thats why that cost is down. And we will continue to look at that category and outside services being quite a fit. Those were five years that we target.
Michael Rose: Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald of Sanford Bernstein.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, John.
John McDonald: Hi. Good morning, guys. David, I wanted to ask about the deposit service charge line. Just in terms of the first quarter number, if you look at the 161, is that really advanced or fully out of that and should we see some -- separately some pickup seasonally from the first quarter level?
David Turner: Thats right. So it was embedded in that decline from the fourth quarter to the first. Half of that was already advanced, rolling out finally. We should not have anything going forward on that in the second quarter. And as you mentioned, the first quarter is a seasonal low for NSF. And so based on those, we will see what customer behavior does going forward. The good thing is we are growing accounts. So if we continue to grow accounts, service charges will be expected to grow commensurate with that.
John McDonald: And then in the second half of this year, do we still expect some incremental pressure from changes in posting order and do you have any update in terms of your plans on rolling that out and timing?
David Turner: Weve gone through a mile or so and our expectation is that update is still in the $10 million to $15 million per quarter range. When we implement, which we expect right now to be in the back half of the year. We have not been as definitive on that date yet, but we are continuing to go through pilots and learning. And as we get closer, we will give you more specific guidance.
John McDonald: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Carcache of Nomura Securities.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning. On credit, this quarter we saw the smallest release since 2011 and given your comments on whats happening with energy, is it reasonable to expect that the provisions going to start to exceed charge-offs as we look ahead to the rest of the year?
Grayson Hall: Bill, I think that at this juncture what we saw this quarter is that the vast majority of our credit metrics all improved. And so we are still feeling very comfortable about the direction that our asset quality is moving. That being said, we did have pretty solid loan growth this quarter, as well as weve discussed some risk rating downward migration of somewhat credits then I would tell you it is fairly broadened. Certainly, there were two or three credits in energy, two or three credits in healthcare and some general industries that drove that migration. But that being said, sticking to our process, sticking to our methodology, making sure we are going through that with a lot of rigor, a lot of discipline. And so when you look at the quarters going forward, we still believe that the general direction holds true that we should continue to see improvements in asset quality. That being said, you can always have, given where we are at in the cycle and given the level that our loan -- problem loans were at today, you can always have just a handful of credits spend to create some level of volatility for quarter. But we are still confident in the direction of the portfolio.
David Turner: To the extent you see, we continue to see net charge-offs coming down and non-performing loans coming down. Our release was only $5 million, which dropped our coverage of loans from 143 to 140. But you could see if that continues charge-offs down and NPLs down, you could see that ratio continue to migrate down as credit continues to improve, notwithstanding Graysons point that you can have volatility in some of this from time to time.
Grayson Hall: Well, we hope that loan growth continues on a prudent and modes rate and thats going to again have to be calculated into our division expense.
Bill Carcache: Understood. Thank you. The other question that I had is on the consumer side. We are seeing growth as you discussed but it looks like its a pretty steady deceleration in credit card and indirect auto loans for the last few quarters. So its certainly growth but decelerating year-over-year. I was hoping that you could maybe go a little deeper into both of those businesses. Should we expect that rate of growth to continue to decelerate there?
Grayson Hall: Well, I think -- and I will speak and David can add to this. I think when you look at the consumer, what weve seen is that consumer appears to be paying down debt and servicing debt at a faster rate than they were and holding more liquidity in their depository accounts. And so we are seeing a generally healthier consumer from a credit and deposit perspective. As long as the prices of the old pump stay where they are at, the gas pump stay where they are at, I think the customer has a lot more liquidity, disposable income than it previously has and they appear to be very conservative in the way they are using that. I do think when you look at the two sectors you mentioned, the credit card. We are seeing -- we are still seeing very strong production. In our credit card portfolio, we think that production does translate into an increased and outstanding balances as we go forward. But there is a lot of seasonality to credit card and we think we are seeing some of that this quarter. But we still think that weve got -- given the growth rate of new credit cards, which is growing at about 10,000 cards this quarter, we think weve got -- we think weve got an opportunity there to continue to grow that portfolio. The auto sector is a little bit different question and that auto sales are still very strong, but there is more competition in that marketplace today. And we are more disciplined each and everyday in that space. And I think that our pace of growth of that portfolio has moderated, but we are still growing. And we still are active in that marketplace, which you should expect us to retain our discipline and how we lend into that space. And so we still feel good about it, but I do think the pace of growth will moderate.
David Turner: Yes. I would add credit card, its a seasonal low. If you go back and look at the trend, we are down in the first quarter historically. But, I mean, the growth over last year at the same time is 5% of credit card. And you heard the growth that were getting on production. From an indirect standpoint, I would add a couple of things. One, were up almost 14% if you look year-on-year. Linked quarter, it was only 1.6%. What weve done over the past is weve really weeded out some of the dealers we are doing business with as we believe were getting adversely selected. Our loss rates were higher. And so we actually are down several hundred dealers. And we are looking at getting with the larger dealer groups. We worked on some Six Sigma initiatives to help us from full through rates to expand production there in the industry. The automobile industry had been in the 16 million units going to -- weve seen estimates as high as 17 million units for this year. So we think we will get our fair share of that and look to grow indirect in '15.
Bill Carcache: Thats very helpful. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Scouten of Sandler O'Neill.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Scouten: Good morning, guys. Question on kind of asset sensitivity and NIM. I mean, I know you said youre forecasting a rate increase, maybe in September and December, but would you guys foresee any changes in the way you look at your portfolio, whether it would be adding on swaps or other kind of [indiscernible] if that rate hike doesnt play out as you expect currently?
Grayson Hall: Well, we ask ourselves everyday what we ought to do to manage our interest risk. And given where rates are, we believe have been and continued to believe be an asset sensitive is the right thing to do. If perhaps we got a quick rise in rates, we might want to lock in a little bit of advice to downside protection from there. That might be a time to put some interest swaps. But right now we are looking at the 10-year where it is and expecting a rate increase to come, because we do know but they are on the short rates, we are just at a kind of a false bottom. We know that has to increase and whether or not we get the long end to steep or where we have a flat yield, we dont yet know. But there will be a time when we consider that stronger than we are right this minute. We think there is more biased to up rate than there is to the down rates.
Stephen Scouten: Okay. That makes sense. And then just as it pertains to kind of the balance between the loan growth that you expect to see and deposit growth, I know you said for the year maybe deposit growth should be 1% to 2%. But if you had another quarter like the strong deposit growth you saw this quarter, what would your expectation be there increased security investments or kind of how would you manage that loan to deposit ratio, where would you want that to pan out? Thank you.
Grayson Hall: I mean, clearly, we look to -- we are encouraged to see deposit grow as strong as it was in this quarter. It exceeded our internal expectations but was very promising news. And with one quarter it doesnt necessarily make a trend and we are still projecting for the full year sort of a 1%, 2% deposit growth. We would love to be wrong on that and deposits exceed that, but I think weve got to have another quarter or so before were convinced that that is true. I do think from a loan to deposit standpoint, we certainly would like to see loan growth more robust that it is to allow us to get a better balance and come closer to peers on our loan deposit ratio. But given the growth and deposits we saw this quarter, well we backed up a 1% or so in that regard. So we are seeing strong lending pipelines and hopefully we will have -- we will see continued strength in loan demand. But I dont -- at this dont see a strong amount to offset the growth in deposits that we are seeing.
David Turner: Yes. I think as a result of that, youre seeing us, our securities books still pretty high percentage of our earning asset base, little higher than we would like, but we are not going to manufacture loan growth. The loan growth is there and is prudently underwritten that we will deploy that cash there, but if not within the securities book. We have been relatively short on securities and we paid a price for that in terms of the lower NIM, but we think thats the right call. And to the extent we had deposit growth outside in that 1 to 2, thats what we would absent the loan growth.
Stephen Scouten: Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Hey, good morning, guys.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Ryan Nash: David, I was trying to get some clarity on the outlook for the net interest margin. Clearly, you are saying that there is increase for rates in your budget. But how do we think about the trajectory of the NIM before we actually get interest rates rising? And I just wanted to make sure that your guidance you gave us last quarter was still applicable. So after 10 years stays at around the current level the downside case could be 10 to 12 basis points.
David Turner: Yes. Ryan, youre right, its got a little better. We think to the extent we stay in. Again last quarter we said the 1.75% to 2% 10-year. If we took that today, that probably would be in the 9 to 10 basis point range. So that tie better than what we disclosed to you last quarter.
Ryan Nash: And just the trajectory of it?
David Turner: Yes. I think we would continue to have pressure leading into '16 with this low rate environment.
Operator: Excuse me, this is, Operator, can you hear me?
David Turner: Maintaining this low rate environment.
Ryan Nash: Got it. And then just on expenses, youre obviously down year-over-year in the first quarter and you are talking about being -- remaining committed to prudent expense management. But I was just wondering given what youre doing on the branch side, you talked about reducing professional fees and youre referring something about pacing. Should we see the absolute level of expenses declined for the remainder of this year relative to 2014?
David Turner: We gave you a little bit into prepared comments. We had a couple of things, so we had some benefits from -- $15 million benefit in the first quarter that offset the payroll tax increases that wont repeat. We also will have the impact of our merit increases that we gave our folks. We will have a full quarter of that. And then we had our legal and professional fees were down quite a bit from historical quarters. We think that there is some volatility there. I dont think it will be back where it was a quarter before. But I am not as confident that they could repeat at the level that we had this past quarter. So you might see a little bit of a tick up from that. But that being said, we are looking at every expense category everyday to control those going forward to '15 into '16.
Ryan Nash: And David just one quick follow-up on that. When I look back on past years there is not much seasonality heading into 2Q on the comp line. I am just wondering if you maybe size for us how big of an increase we should expect for things like merit increases?
David Turner: Well, if you -- we have increases been in that 2.5% range on salaries for merit and then I told you about the '15 that wont repeat. So you can do some and we had 11 million that was in there already for payroll taxes. So if you take those three things, you will get pretty close.
Ryan Nash: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom of Guggenheim Securities.
David Turner: Hi, Eric.
Eric Wasserstrom: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my question. I just wanted to circle back on the credit quality issue. The information that youve given about the energy portfolio is perhaps better than what we might have expected, but it sounds like maybe some of the other stuff is a little bit worse -- considering that there isnt necessarily evident pressure on other sectors of the economy. So I am wondering if you could just maybe us some insight about whats causing the negative reading of migration in areas outside of the energy portfolio.
Grayson Hall: Yes. I think one things we wanted to communicate to you is that migration was really was handful of large credits and there are some in energy, some in healthcare and other industries. And really if you look behind that, its idiosyncratic issues with each of those. There is nothing systemic with them that caused that rating downgrade. There were downgrades within the past category. You saw downgrades into classified, but there is really nothing again systemic there that causes us concern with overall portfolio.
Eric Wasserstrom: Okay. So just in terms -- I mean you have been very clear about your overall expectations for NPL. But I guess my -- is that just a function then of the expectation that these idiosyncratic issues have not been sort of addressed and there is nothing similar on the horizon about basically the interpretation?
Grayson Hall: Thats right. We feel live weve recognized what the issues are. Clearly each of these has their own story and defending on where that story goes, you can have further downgrades through the deterioration. We are just trying to send the messages that there is nothing systemic that these are handful of credits that really caused us this issue. So hopefully, we believe we recognized the issues that are there today and where they go from here, they can get better, they might get worse and we will take up that real time and there are provisioning. But we think weve gotten our arms around it.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much.
Grayson Hall: Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer, if would like few comments.
Barb Godin: Yeah. I just going to jump in and say, I am looking at list, what did migrate? And firstly, the majority of them are paying as agreed. We are very close to our customers in terms of the credit servicing and making sure that if we see anything at all that we will move that into a non-pass rated category until things cure themselves. But as Im looking at the reasons, they have to renew a largest contract, another was the systems issue, delay, another was billing and order processing issue, et cetera. So there is nothing that I saw in there as we -- and we do go through each and everyone of this credit prior to this call. That said, there is the warning signal or theres some emerging risk that we have to recognize. I also would anticipate that the majority of these credits will move back to a pass category in the next few quarters.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hi. Good morning. Just a question on the securities portfolio, its been about the same size and your yields actually went up a little bit sequentially. And I just wanted to understand, as youre trying to manage the rate environment, LCR, et cetera? Are your investment yields coming in higher or was there a delta in premium amortization that you could, perhaps, explain as well? Thanks.
Grayson Hall: Yeah. Ken, its a couple of things. One the day count does impact that, so we moved, I think, it was what 244 to 251 and premium amortization for us was down a little bit about $3 million, so it didnt take a whole lot to move that around a little bit. We -- I think your basis -- your question is, are we doing anything structurally different, the answer is, no.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then second question is just given -- youve talked about this in the past as your relatively strong positioning from a capital perspective and you did do a good job in terms of raising your CCAR asked relative to prior years? But youre still sitting on a tremendous bed of excess capital? So with regards to opportunities like you did this quarter to take down the long-term debt? Can you just give us any updated thoughts on whether its the outstanding commercial portfolios that are out there potentially or acquisition appetite? Any updated thoughts on your incremental uses of excess capital? Thanks.
Grayson Hall: Yeah. So one of our three strategic pillars is really effectively deploying our capital, we did that through our 2015 CCAR as you mentioned. We do realized we have excess still and but the things we want to deploy it in, the way we think about it is, we want to deploy it in our loan growth and when we have excess after that we look to have acquisitions with this banks or non-banks. Were doing a lot of work around that. To use the excess capital I want to be real clear that we think about acquisition is more about using the excess capital, paying cash versus using our shares where they are priced today and so were looking at that to the extent. We can do some transactions and still have some excess capital, perhaps, we will return that to the shareholders, because we dont want that denominator of the return on tangible common equity to continue to grow and accrete. We need to get that more optimize, so that we can get our return metrics where we wanted to be. It just takes time and we will get there.
Ken Usdin: Thank you, Grayson.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. I want to see if you can give a little more color on loan yields in the first quarter. We saw -- heard a few increases in select portfolios, including commercial real estate, owner occupied, investor mortgage, all up -- selectively. I just want to get the drivers of that and if we should expect that such yields can remain stable or even move higher from here?
Grayson Hall: John, you mentioned, so overall loan yields, you can see were down 1 point. Some of that can be driven my mix. Were trying to stay pretty discipline with our pricing. If you look at our loan growth relative to peer all through 2014, we grew nicely at 3.6% for that year, so were below our peers. Part of thats being disciplined in terms of what we want to put on our books and making sure well get paid to the risks that take. As we think about expectations for increasing or improving, the easiest portfolio for that to happen is really in our home equity portfolio, because we have -- still have a portion of our home equity portfolio that was priced at prime minus -- a half of prime minus 1 and as refinance activity takes that out, we get a little bit of an increase in home equity. You can see it was up just 1 point this past quarter. So were really trying. I guess the main thing is were trying to be discipline with regard to pricing, but I would not expect any major increase in loan yields over the near-term.
David Turner: And John, I just think you have to -- were trying to remain very discipline around loan pricing and I think weve done a pretty good job there. That being said, its a very competitive marketplace today and you are trying to book the prudent loans that you have the opportunity too. But with the level of competition in the market its hard to move those rates up, absence some kind of interest rate increase.
John Pancari: Right. But, I guess, what I was getting and also is that, if you look at the linked quarter change in the portfolio yield for your commercial real estate, mortgage, owner occupied, as well as the non-owner occupied portfolios. They actually saw an increase linked quarter in the average yield and just wondering how you accomplish that?
David Turner: They also do it and predominantly theres some mix of loans in those categories as we got new and renewed production.
Grayson Hall: And if you look at the pure dollars theyre in our supplement, youll see that the interest income from those portfolios remained relatively the same. And in the case of investor real estate mortgage we had some properties that rolled out the portfolio that were at lower rates than what we are going on. So it just looks a lot, we increased, not sure, a 10 basis points, but look at the income is really only a $1 million difference, so it get a little bit of an anomaly when you look at it just quarter-to-quarter.
John Pancari: Okay. And then my second topic was just around the credit deterioration again in the healthcare and other portfolios. And all -- were they share national credits at all? And then separately, what was the average size of those credits that moved on the classified status?
Barb Godin: Yes. So, handful of them were shared national credits. In fact, the majority of them were shared national credits that did move, wherein we dont leas any of those shared national credits. And in terms of the average size, it would be approximately $30 million each.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good morning.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Betsy Graseck: I just had a question around the debt refinancing. You have a stack of -- high cost debt behind what you just refi and Im wondering what your though are on continuing that process?
Grayson Hall: Betsy, so, we -- the remaining debt that we have is really tied to capital instrument. So anything thats a capital instrument has to be subject to the CCAR process. As we think about -- have thought about that, we want to be careful in terms of just getting high cost debt, its uneconomical. In other words, the payback period advance so excessively long would make sense to us. If you recalculate the payback period on what we did take out between two, three years, so that works for us, when you start going out, six and seven, eight, nine years, is just doesnt make it worth our while. Notwithstanding the fact, we know we have excess capital, but we just dont think thats the right things for us to do. Go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: I was just going to say, if the rate environment continues to stay lower for longer or tougher for longer, doesnt the math start to work in your favor to take down some more of this debt?
Grayson Hall: If its lower, it actually -- it still works against us because we maybe able to get an issue out there thats fairly cheap relative to what we have. The premium that you have to pay to take it out is just enormous and thats really where we get stripped up. If we get the holders to take it without a premium it would be good.
Betsy Graseck: Yeah. Unlikely to happen. Thank you.
Grayson Hall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Burnell: Good morning, folks. Just I have a question on the deposit growth, which youve mentioned a couple of times. And perhaps this is specific to Davids comments about retail deposits. But it look like the non-interest bearing deposits balances were up about $1.8 billion on an end of period basis, which has been up only about $300 million on an average basis. Whats going on there and does that have any implication for your outlook for deposit growth in the next couple of quarters?
Grayson Hall: Yeah. I mean, we spend a lot of time. You are obviously analyzing the deposit growth. And I think the good news is what weve found is that the growth has been broad across our markets. It was not isolated to a particular market or a group of markets but was fairly broad based and across markets that we serve. To Davids point a moment ago, we are growing accounts and growing households that are banking with us. And so were obviously starting to see the benefit of that. But most of our growth, as youve seen was in the low cost deposit or non-interest bearing deposit categories, which is some of the more favorable deposit mix that we could have hoped for. We do know that there is some seasonality to these deposits. There is tax reforms that are occurring for consumers today. We also know that the consumer is having a fairly substantial benefit and reduction in gasoline prices that they are having to pay. When you aggregate all that, consumers, as we mentioned are really servicing and paying down consumer debt in a much more productive manner this quarter than weve seen last quarter. And we also are seeing much more liquidity on the part of those consumers. So its a behavioral change at least for this quarter that weve seen in our consumer base. I think weve got to have a little more time before we absolutely agree that, thats a behavioral change with some link to it. But so far its a very promising start in 2015. In that regard, weve just got to see how well it holds up.
Matt Burnell: Okay. And David, a quick administrative questions for you. In terms of the branch consolidation charge this quarter, you mentioned that was related to your plans to reduce branches by about 50 this year. Should we expect future charges along those lines, or is that it for this year related to the 50 youve mentioned?
David Turner: We don't have any current plans for further consolidation at this time. That being said, we constantly look at our network, including where we might want to consolidate, where we might want to build new branches. We still believe that is a very important channel for our customer base. And so while we don't have plans today, we will continue to look at refining and to the extent we see opportunities to consolidate, well do so.
Matt Burnell: Okay. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Miller of FBR Capital Markets.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Miller: Yeah. Thank you very much. Most of the questions have been already asked. But I want to ask a little bit about the mortgage side of business. One of your competitors in your region was seeing very strong purchase production of growth over the last couple of months, especially out of State of Florida. Can you add any color around that, have you seen the same thing?
David Turner: We have. If we look at our production, you can see it in our supplement. But our production from a purchase standpoint was 60% of our volume and refi 40. So, we're seeing a strong purchase. It was down a little bit for us in the first quarter relative to the fourth. Refis really picked up, given the rate environment that we saw and we like that volume that we are seeing going into the quarters. So, we are looking for a continuation of improvement throughout the year in particular next quarter, but its fairly consistent with what you're describing.
Grayson Hall: I mean all of the -- all the metrics that we are following in the mortgage business were positive at the moment. We like most people anticipate a very strong second and third quarter. The mix shift in the purchase versus refinance moved around a little bit on this quarter because of the rate flow but overall much better picture in the mortgage business.
Paul Miller: Okay. Hey guys. Thank you very much.
Grayson Hall: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello there. Youve talked a couple of times this year about the opportunity to acquire some servicing assets on the mortgage side. Could you just give an update on your appetite there and how that fits into your broader thoughts on deployment of capital?
David Turner: Yeah. So the three pillars to our strategy as we mentioned, one of them is diversifying revenue and the other one is deploying capital. Positive operating leverage is third one in the middle. So if you think about diversifying revenue for us, we believe we have a competitive advantage in servicing. We are very good at it. Its a low cost operation for us and we have room to put that on our books even though capital charge coming through in Basel III is a little more onerous. We believe thats a good use of our capital and have been looking for portfolios to purchase. But we arent going to buy descending portfolio. We want to buy portfolios in our market and we want a portfolio where there just can be our customers. We did do one deal of $406 million, but we are out there looking. There are a lot of -- there are people shopping some today that weve taken a look at. But we are pretty strict in terms of what we are willing to take on.
Geoffrey Elliott: And then in terms of the size of portfolios that you are looking at, can you give us a sense on that?
David Turner: Yeah, the sense of the portfolios that we are looking at?
Geoffrey Elliott: Yeah.
David Turner: Well, we want them to be on our footprint.
Geoffrey Elliott: The size -- sorry, the size of the portfolios?
David Turner: Yeah. Somewhere in the $500 million to a $1 billion dollar range is what well be looking at.
Geoffrey Elliott: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Grayson Hall: Good morning Marty.
Marty Mosby: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. David, I had a very technical kind of accounting. When you talk about the affordable housing, you talked about the increase in the tax rate and then you talked about an increase in fee income I think. Was there just a compression of fee income from the affordable housing because Ive seen it in expenses and not income? So, I just wanted to make sure that was the right geography?
David Turner: Yeah. Its an income for us, Marty. Its an offset. It had been an offset to income historically for us when we adopted the accounting literature. We took that offset which was a debit and we moved that down to the tax line. So it actually improved our NIR and it -- our tax expense also went higher about that 300 basis Ive mentioned. So its just geography.
Marty Mosby: Okay. And then the other thing that I was looking at was, weve kind of head up what you might call a stall point here with a couple of issues creating some headwinds, one of them the catalysts that you are really looking for besides rates that could create the next earnings momentum for you over the next year or two. Thanks.
David Turner: Well, I think that deploying our capital is important too. There is no single one thing that we knock it out in the park. Its doing a lot of things well. Its executing our business plans. Its containing to grow loans and deposits. Its continuing to deploy our capital, looking at acquisitions from banks and non-banks, making the investments in people. You can look at wealth management as a prime example of. Weve taken the medicine and making investments in people knowing that its going to take to generate revenue. We believe further investment in those people in wealth management as a example. It is the right thing to do. There are other businesses we are looking at doing the same thing too. Capital markets is an area where wed like to expand and be larger in as we differentiate or diversify away from spread. And so we are like you, we are not sitting here waiting for rates to bail us out. We are making -- we are making a difference by growing these revenue sources, watching our expenses as we go, but needing to make the investments of dollars to generate revenue growth.
Grayson Hall: Yes. But Marty I think its a great question and a very relevant question where the industry is right now. And quite honestly, we dont see some one thing that we could do that would alter our power momentum. What we are committed to is very steady and consistent progress in strengthening our balance sheet, strengthening our business. And we had over the last couple of years really trying to put in a whole new set of strategies for how we grow our core business and we are starting to see the fruits of that labor and that we are seeing growth more broadening across our markets and more broadly across our product lines. We obviously are augmenting our product lines and we are augmenting number of people we are partnering with to grow our business. But I think to Davids point the biggest thing that would help from earnings standpoint is the rate environment, but we cant wait on that, we cant depend on that. And plus our core business is really the long-term sustainable help for the company. And so I think you are going to continue to see us very broadly in a diversified way continue to try to grow all aspects of our business. And if we can do that in a very steady and consistent manner, I think weve got a very sustainable business model and one where shareholders benefit long-term.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Grayson. Question David, you were talking about using the excess capital to potentially buy portfolios or even obviously give it back to shareholders. But you did also mention that your primary purpose is to grow the loan portfolio of course. If we put aside your excess capital that you have today and we just look at your ongoing earnings, how much loan growth do you need every year to optimize the excess capital you create every year so you don't need to go out and buy a portfolio or buy another bank?
David Turner: Yes. That's a great a question. I think if you looked at our generation, you could almost have a third of that be used, 30%, 40% of that be used up for loan growth, you are going to have 30% of 35%, maybe 40% in dividends over time. And then the other would be return to the shareholders. Thats kind of what the math would lead you to. But we want to grow we have -- we do have the excess and we have to put that to work. But outside of excess, I think its almost third to third to third.
Gerard Cassidy: And when you look at the third for a loan growth, what kind of loan growth would you need to use that third of the capital, is it 8% or 9% per annum or 3% or 4%?
David Turner: Yes. Its in that 4%, 5% range.
Gerard Cassidy: Good. And then circling back to your syndicated loans, of the oil presence or energy presence that you have with that portfolio of over $2 billion if I recall, how much of that is in syndicated loans? And second as part of that, is your approach -- when one moves into a classified category, is your approach to a syndicated loan where you are a participant different than your approach when it's not a syndicated loan and you are the lead and you are working with the customer?
Barb Godin: Firstly, the majority of our product in energy is syndicated loan, I believe that roughly 86% are syndicated. Secondly, we are the lead versus the participant irrespective. We are still required even at the participant to make sure we have all of the appropriate information about that customer. We work with the agents and we make our own determination as to what that risk rating should be. And it can be different from the agent. Often, it is not different from the agent however and they are think that once a year typically during the Shared National Credit exam.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sameer Gokhale of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Sameer Gokhale: Hi. Thank you. Good morning or afternoon here. I had a question about the pull-through rates on any or indirect auto business again, just so we visit that. I think you had mentioned that youre doing some Six Sigma initiatives there and thats led to some improvement in pull-through rates. But I was curious if those -- that improvement was related to maybe any sort of bottlenecks in terms of your ability to underwrite those loans, have you automated the underwriting? Or can you just tell us specifically what you may have changed there thats helped improve pull-through rates?
Grayson Hall: Yes. Thats a great question. So I had mentioned earlier we deployed our Six Sigma teams throughout the banks. Some of them are revenue producers and some of them are expense management. This particularly one was revenue producing and what we have found is that they analyzed our process and noted that in some cases when an application would come through our sender that it would get kicked out for certain underwriting exceptions that would then force a human being to look at the underwriting and force that person to make a decision whether or not they are going to approve it. And by the time that happens that deals already being done with the dealer, because the dealer requires speed of execution. So what we did is we found that those cases where an underwriter is approving the deal, we changed our algorithm to build into that, the acceptance so that it wouldnt kick out. And that improved -- that one change improved our pull-through rate quite substantially. And that was a big driver of our increase in revenue over the past couple of quarters.
Grayson Hall: We really try to focus our teams on the larger dealer groups. And if you look at this business, obviously quality of answer is important, quality of answer is important both to the customer, to the dealer, and to us. But the speed of answer is also very critical. And so weve worked on both. Weve greatly improved our quality of answer and weve greatly improved our speed of answer, all through automation and also in terms of bargaining, who we want to do business with. And from a dealer standpoint -- and so that rationalization of how we do business and who we do it with has made a tremendous difference in our pull-through rates.
Sameer Gokhale: Thats very interesting. Thank you. And then just another question, in terms of the consolidation of your bank branches, I think, it sounded like more or less done based on your guidance 50 branches, but could look at ongoing opportunities. But are you using any sort of Six Sigma initiatives there also to rationalize these branches? And as you think about consolidating these branches or the process that you follow, to what extend do you look at just a kind of the marginal profitability, so marginal revenue minus marginal cost, because it seems like you probably have a lot of centralized technology and IT cost that is spread across the branches. And to the extent, you shut down these branches, if theyre marginally profitable then you dont get to leverage those technology costs. So are the efficiency items more important, do you look at marginal revenue, marginal costs and how do you think about that?
Grayson Hall: Yeah. I mean -- first of all our branch rationalization process is the continuous process. And were constantly looking at transaction activities, marginal cost, marginal profitability, and trying to figure out what the -- our branches deliver in terms of direct contributions, making sure that all of our branches are profitable on direct basis. And -- but when you look at the analytics of the branch system and where we consolidate and where we expand, that process is very comprehensive. And you have to factor in the relevance of branch, because still 80% of our new account sales come from the branch offices. And so we are very careful to determine if we consolidate the branch, how many of those customers do we lose that has a lot to do with where theyre being consolidated into, how far away that receiving branch is from the consolidated branch. We also have to factor in the community impact of that even though lot of our customers bank with us over digital channels. That bank branches is still a community asset and its still an asset that that community values and we have to think through all of those issues before we consolidate. We have tried to really still be engaged in all of our communities and deliver service in all our communities. We try to do that the most efficient way we can. So those analytics are comprehensive and they have done on ongoing basis. And we think that while well continue to see consolidation opportunities, we also see the need where some communities need more branches. And so on a net-net basis when we think about it, we are not sure that our number of branches over time diminishes that much. In fact, we think over the next few years well be relatively stable. Well, we dont let the analytics drive that. And so we let the analytics tell us whether we ought to expand and whether we ought to contract.
Sameer Gokhale: Great. Thank you very much. I appreciate the explanation.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Eads of UBS.
David Eads: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. You have given some pretty good color on various kind of line items in loans. But I was wondering if you talk a little about what you are seeing in the real estate constructing portfolio, youve guys have had some pretty strong growth there recently. Just curious, how big that can get and how kind of what trends you are seeing there?
John Turner: Yeah. This is John Turner. When you speak about construction, I guess, you mean overall just generally in the portfolio, I would say.
David Eads: In the -- in the investor real estate construction line?
John Turner: Yeah. So we very focused on managing that exposure fairly tightly as high resource across all the markets that we do business in. Majority of the exposure would break down between homebuilder finance, which is $700 million plus portfolio and there are multi-family business. And I think what you are saying is that portfolio grows, its funding under previously approved construction facilities really have not been originating a lot of additional multi-family credit over the last six plus months. And so primarily the growth is fundings under a portfolio that currently has duration of about 23 plus or minus months. So fairly short duration, a lot of turnover and again were managing as a very finite resource given what we believe is some softness in a few of the markets that we operate in.
David Eads: All right. So we sort of expect that growth to taper off here pretty quickly?
John Turner: I would say, yes, expected to moderate.
David Eads: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja of J.P. Morgan.
Grayson Hall: Good afternoon.
Vivek Juneja: Good afternoon, John and Grayson. So look at your efficient ratio. Perhaps back the $50 million your core efficiency ratio 66%, was it similar to last quarter and a year ago? And we factor in the deposit advance -- sorry, not the deposit but NSF fee decline that youre already seeing in the second half. It seems to me, is going to be tough to go much below this, even though youre working on cost cuts and just continued improvement. Can you walk through what else you need to do to try and get the efficiency ratio really down materially?
David Turner: Well, we have focused on our efficiency ratio, the big driver there is revenue generation. And we made the investments we talk about the growth that we seen in NIR. Weve seen the loan grows as our revenue grows and it takes a little bit of pressure of the expense side, but were working on that, too. If we take all three -- two revenue improvements in NII and NIR, and work it on expense, we do expect the efficiency ratio to drift down but our goals is to get down into lower 60s. We really want to be in the 55 to 59 range but well have to have a rate increase to get there. So absent that we would be in the -- we expect to be in lower 60s. So its a focus every day.
Vivek Juneja: Lower 60s even post the NSF reduction, David?
David Turner: With a rate increase, yes.
Vivek Juneja: With the rate increase. Okay. Got it. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Grayson Hall: Thank you. I believe that is the last question. We appreciate everyones time and attention today. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: List Underwood - IR Grayson Hall - CEO David Turner - CFO Barb Godin - Chief Credit Officer John Turner  Senior EVP and South Region President of Regions Bank
Analysts: Erika Najarian - Bank of America John Pancari - Evercore Ken Usdin - Jefferies Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein Paul Miller - FBR Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Chris Mutascio - KBW Vivek Januja - JPMorgan Michael Rose - Raymond James Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula, and I'll be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
List Underwood: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation on our call this morning. Our presenters today are Grayson Hall, our Chief Executive Officer; and David Turner, our Chief Financial Officer. Other members of our Executive Management Team are present and available to answer questions as appropriate. Also, as part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Finally, let me remind you that in this call and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. For further details, please reference our forward-looking statement that is located in the Appendix section of the presentation. Grayson?
Grayson Hall: Thank you, List, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased you could join us for this morning as we review our fourth quarter and our full year 2014 results. This quarter we reported $195 million of net income available to common shareholders, bringing our full year results to $1.1 billion of net income available to common shareholders and earnings per diluted share of $0.80, an increase of 4% over 2013. Included in the earnings were some unusual items which David will address in his remarks. Overall these results reflects steady progress in 2014 as we continue to focus on the fundamentals of banking and meeting customer needs through service and innovation, while maintaining a prudent and disciplined risk culture. In 2014, we grew loans and deposits. We expanded our customer base. We prudently managed expenses. We improved asset quality and improved our capital ratios. Loans increased to a total of $3 billion or 4% during 2014. Importantly, this growth was broad based with both the business and consumer loan portfolios increasing. In 2014, deposits increased $2 billion or 2%, while deposit cost reached historic lows. Through the successful execution of Regions360, which is our prescriptive approach to relationship banking, the number of quality households increased and we grew the number of checking, savings, credit card and wealth management accounts. We believe this growth positions us well as we head into 2015. We remain focused on achieving operational efficiencies and reduced full year expenses on an adjusted basis by 2% from the previous year. An example of our efforts during the fourth quarter, we made a decision to consolidate 50 branch offices or approximately 3% of our network in locations across our markets. Over time, we expect to add branches in higher opportunity markets such as St Louis, Atlanta, Houston and New Orleans. Through improved technology, these smaller branches will employ different staffing models and will be far more efficient. In 2014, our asset quality continued to improve, reflecting our continued, prudent risk discipline practices. In fact, all our credit metrics experienced improvement in 2014. As a result of this progress and citing improvement in our overall risk profile, we received positive rating actions from four major credit rating agencies this past year. Also during 2014, our capital returned to shareholders totaled approximately $500 million. This included and increased our quarterly dividend as well as share repurchases. With respect to future capital deployment, as you are aware, we submitted our capital plan earlier this month and expect to receive the result sometime in March. Clearly we believe that our capital position is sufficient to support both the return of capital and strong organic growth. With that said returning capital to shareholders is a top priority and given the strength of our current capital levels we believe is appropriate to increase our total payout ratio. In 2015, in addition to effectively deploying capital, we remain committed to generating positive operating leverage and keenly focused on revenue diversification. Shifting to the economic environment, I want to talk briefly about the recent declines in oil prices and its impact on our energy lending portfolio. We're closely monitoring the price declines for direct and indirect impacts to our overall loan portfolio quality. Our bank has extensive energy lending expertise dating back multiple decades and through numerous energy cycles. Our core exploration and production loans at present are well secured and provide a collateral cushion to withstand price declines. In terms of broader impact, we have been monitoring markets such as Texas and the Gulf Coast for signs of weakness in employment and housing. However, we're not seeing any material weakness past this point in time. We have provided additional detail regarding our energy portfolio in the appendix of the earnings presentation. As we look ahead, we expect improved growth in the U.S. economy in 2015. Low energy prices should provide a tailwind to consumer spending and the manufacturing sector. However, an uncertain global growth environment does pose some risk. As a result, we continue to expect an increase in short-term rates in the latter part of 2015.  With that, I'll turn it over to David, who will cover the details of the fourth quarter. David?
David Turner: Thank you. And good morning, everyone. I'll first take you through the fourth quarter details and then wrap up with expectations for 2015. Loan balances totaled $77 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, up $700 million or 1% from the end of the previous quarter. Business lending finished the year strong, totaling $48 billion at the end of the quarter. This was an increase of $524 million or 1% from the third quarter as production increased 18%. Commercial and industrial loans grew $875 million or 3% from the prior quarter. This growth was driven by our specialized industries group, as well as Regions' business capital. Importantly, line utilization increased 40 basis points. Commitments for new loans increased 3% and our pipelines remain strong. Regarding investor real estate, ending balances were relatively steady from the previous quarter at approximately $7 billion. As we have previously stated, investor real estate remains an important part of our corporate bank strategy, given our market presence in the South East. Moving to consumer lending, loans in this portfolio increased 1% linked quarter. Growth in the consumer portfolio was led by indirect auto lending as balances increased 3% from the prior quarter. While we benefitted from the robust market for auto sales, process improvements instituted earlier in the year also contributed to the growth. Credit card balance has increased $45 million or 5% from the previous quarter. This improvement was driven by a 6% increase in spending as well as a 3% increase in active card holders. Mortgage balances were up modestly. Meanwhile total home equity balances were down slightly as the pace of loan payoffs was slightly higher than new production. Total home equity production increased 10% from the previous quarter as customers continued to take advantage of lower rates on variable home equity lines of credit. This quarter other consumer loans were up just over 1% as a result of the introduction of several new products and improved customer delivery. Lets take a look at deposit. Supported by our multichannel platform, total deposits continued to grow increasing $70 million during the fourth quarter. Of note, low-cost deposits grew by $242 million and continued to account for 91% of total deposits. Deposit costs remained at historically low levels and totalled 11 basis points, while total funding costs declined to 29 basis points in the quarter. Let's take a look at how this impacted our results. Net interest income on a fully taxable basis was $87 million. Net interest margin was 3.17%, a decline of one basis point from the third quarter. Despite a continuation of low rate environment which exerted pressure on asset yields, both net interest income and net interest margin remained relatively stable with the previous quarter. Stability in both measures was largely attributable to higher average loan balances and lower cash balances. Total non-interest income declined $30 million or 6% in the fourth quarter. Services charges declined $40 million from the previous quarter and this was primarily due to a $4 million decline in fees resulting from a product discontinuation in the fourth quarter. Additionally there was an $8 million reduction in revenue related to customer reimbursements. Mortgage income was down $12 million from the previous quarter, primarily due to lower gains from loan sales and a decline in the market valuation of the mortgage servicing portfolio, net of hedging activity. In the fourth quarter we purchased servicing rights on $833 million of loans, bringing our total servicing portfolio to $40 billion. We have the operational capacity to take on additional servicing volume and well continue to look for opportunities to add volume to our servicing portfolio. While mortgage production declined in 2014, the pace of our decline was less than the industry. Originations continue to be driven by new home purchases and represented on average 70% of total originations in the fourth quarter. Based on what we know today, we expect mortgage production in 2015 to exceed that of 2014. Capital markets income decreased $4 million quarter-over-quarter driven primarily by credit valuation adjustments on interest rate swaps. Absent these adjustments, capital markets income increased slightly from the prior quarter. As we continue to build out our capital markets capabilities, we believe thats it indications in real estate capital markets represent opportunities for us. Card and ATM fees increased as a result of higher spending and transaction volumes. And wealth management income also increased and as a company continues to expand and deepen relationship with new and existing customers. While we had experienced headwinds as it relates to non interest income growth, we have several initiatives currently underway to offset these pressures. As Grayson mentioned throughout 2015 we will focus on diversifying our revenue. Let's move on to expenses. Total expenses in the fourth quarter were $969 million, an increase of $143 million which included some unusual items. As a reminder, there in the third quarter we benefited from the recovery of expenses related to unfunded commitments of $24 million. This was partially offset by expenses related to Visa Class B shares sold in prior years which resulted in $7 million of additional expense in the third quarter. As Grayson mentioned, we intend to consolidate 50 branches in 2015 and incur related expense of $10 million during the fourth quarter. We expect to incur additional related expenses of approximately $15 million in the first quarter of 2015 related to this consolidation. Also at the end of the quarter, we recorded an accrual of $100 million for contingent, legal and regulatory items related to previously disclosed matters. And although you may have additional questions, please recognize that we cannot comment beyond this disclosure at this time. Salaries and benefits remain flat from the previous quarter, although headcount increased 124 positions. Importantly, the majority of these positions are revenue generating or revenue support roles and drive future growth in revenue. Additionally, we had incremental hires and capital planning and risk management this quarter. However, at this juncture we believe that, hires of this nature are substantially complete. Total credit expenses remained low. However, fourth quarter expenses increased slightly as a benefit related to gains from our held for sale portfolio diminished as balances declined along with the seasonal uptick in OREO property tax expense. Outside services increased due to third party engagements to support risk management and capital planning functions. However, these third party expenses should begin to subside and Ill talk about that in just a minute. We remain diligent with respect to expense control but we have opportunistically invested in talent and technology to further accelerate our momentum to grow revenue. Let's move on to asset quality. Our overall asset quality remained solid as most credit metrics improved in the quarter. Our nonperforming loans, excluding loans held for sale, declined 1% linked quarter. In addition, at quarter end, our loan-loss allowance to nonperforming loans or coverage ratio was 133%. Compared to the third quarter, total delinquencies declined 11% and troubled debt restructuring or TDRs declined 6%. In addition, both criticized and classified loans declined from the prior quarter. Net charge-offs totalled $83 million representing 42 basis points of average loans. The provision for loan losses was $8 million or $75 million less than that charge-offs. And based on what we know today, we expect favorable asset quality trends to continue. However at this point of cycle, volatility and certain metrics can be expected. Let's move on to capital liquidity. We continue to maintain industry leading capital levels. At the end of the quarter, our estimated Tier 1 ratio stood at 12.5% and our estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio was 11.6%. Further, we estimate our fully phased in Basel III common equity Tier 1 ratio to be 11.1%. During the quarter, we repurchased $248 million of stock as far as the Board approved program that totalled $350 million dollars. We expect to complete this program during the first quarter of 2015. The liquidity at the bank and the holding company remains solid with a low loan deposit ratio of 82%. In regarding the liquidity coverage ratio, Regions remains well positioned to be fully compliant with the January 2016 implementation. Now, throughout 2015 we will update customer agreements to include LCR friendly language, to modify existing deposit products and we also plan to create new products and services to compliment our strong position of high quality liquid assets and it's important to note, that no major balance sheet initiatives are necessary in a order for us to be compliant. And now I want to take a few minutes and touch on our expectations for 2015. We expect total loan growth in the 4% to 6% range. Commercial investor loans are expected to drive the loan growth with the business lending portfolio - within the business lending portfolio. Also we believe that investor real estate portfolio has reached a point of stabilization. However, growth will be limited as we remain committed to our risk tolerance levels, as it relates to this portfolio. Looking at the consumer lending book, we expect continued growth from indirect auto lending. We plan to continue to focus on driving better pull through rates, increasing margins and improving overall credit profiles. Additionally we are focused on expanding lending through online and point of sale financing alternatives directly and through partnership with third parties. As a result, we expect to pace our growth in the other consumer category to accelerate in 2015. And moving onto credit card, today our marketing efforts have primarily targeted our existing customer base. As a result, our penetration rate is up 190 basis points over the last year. This increase coupled with an increase in sales of new cards, should drive balanced growth in the near term. We expect incremental growth and mortgage balances during 2015 as the pace of production should more than outpace refinancing activity. From a production perspective, consumer lending closed the year on a strong note. In fact, December was a strongest single production month of the year. With respect to deposits, balances should grow at similar rates as 2014. As a reminder, a significant portion of our deposits were made up of individual deposits, which turn to be more granular, smaller in size which based on our research should be more stable and less rate sensitive in a rising rate environment. With deposit cost, deposit and funding costs expected to remain stable at historically low levels, there is limited ability to offset the continued effect of the low rate environment on margin. That being said, the net interest market would be expected to remain stable to trending higher in a moderately rising rate environment in 2015. And if current market conditions prevail, then net interest margin is expected to relatively stable next quarter. However, with rates at current levels, the net interest margin would experience gradual pressure over the year. For example, if the ten year treasury yield would remain in the 175% to 2% range throughout 2015, we would expect 10 to 12 basis points of margin pressure. From an NIR standpoint, we expect this line item to grow in 2015 resulting from our investments that we have made in wealth management and in our corporate bank. Specifically, we made investment in insurance, investment services, institutional services and private wealth management. Additionally, our investments in capital markets, Fannie Mae just is an example. And new hires related to our power and utilities in financial services team and treasury management corporate banks are expected to pay off in 2015. And finally, mortgage should have a stronger 2015 than 2014. From an expense standpoint, we will continue to focus on our cost. Our largest categories, salaries and benefits, occupancy, and furniture and fixtures will be areas of focus in 2015. In addition, third party consulting cost is another area where we have opportunity to reduce those expenditures. All-in-all, we expect to generate positive operating leverage for 2015. Now let me close by saying that 2014 was the year of solid progress and we are diligently focused on executing our strategies as we head into 2015. With that, we thank you for your time and attention this morning and now I'll turn it back over to List for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
List Underwood: Thanks David. We are ready to begin the Q&A session of our call. In order to accommodate as many participants as possible this morning, I would please ask each caller to limit yourself to one primary question and one related follow-up question. Now let's open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. Just I heard you loud and clear in terms of your NIR guidance for the year. But I was wondering if we could get a little bit of clarity on the starting point. This is the first question. Is the $4 million decline in fees resulting from product discontinuation the final impact from that discontinuation? And is it fair for us to add back the customer reimbursements of $4 million and the CVA adjustment - the customer reimbursement of $8 million and the CVA adjustment of $4 million, back to the 448.
Grayson Hall: Erika, the discontinuation $4 million just about $3.5 million left there and that will be done. And yes, the $8 million should be non-recurring, so that is - your conclusion is appropriate there.
Erika Najarian: In terms of your guidance of positive operating leverage, if the ten-year does stay between 1.75% to 2% range, and the Fed doesnt move, can you continue to chop away at the efficiency ratio, I think on a core basis I calculated 66.8% this quarter.
Grayson Hall: Erika, I think that if rates were to stay where theyre at, and that the Fed does not raise rates this year, obviously weve got to manage through that possibility and as David said earlier, were focused on remaining very disciplined and very keenly focused on opportunities to continue to rationalize our expenses across the company. Well have to continue to do that and we think weve proven that if you look backwards in terms of how weve managed expenses. Moving forward, obviously in this rate environment it means that weve really got to raise the bar if you will on that activity and I think you should continue to see us look at ways to rationalize expenses across the franchise as we had mentioned we had announced the closure and consolidation of 50 offices, I think since - if you look back over the past few years, weve reduced our physical footprints some 20%, as well as attacked expenses across the franchise and across channels. David, anything to add?
David Turner: I think we have to continue to look at our total business in terms of expense management under any scenario, any rate environment. We do believe that there is a tendency to have short term rates go up towards the back end of the year still, we believe that's what the Fed wants to do. We have to be prepared in case that's not the case, and so were committed to seeking positive operating leverage in any scenario. It gets harder if rates stay lower.
Erika Najarian: Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Wonder if you can give us a little more color on the 2015, margin outlook. Is that expectation for 10 to 12 basis points of compression, is that incremental off of the fourth quarter margin number? In other words, from this fourth quarter till the fourth quarter of 2015, or is that full year 2015 margin on an average basis versus the full year 2014 margin?
David Turner: Thats really leveraging, John, of the fourth quarter where we are right now, and that would be - the impact of that really would be felt later in the year versus the earlier in the year. Again, to the extent that thats a sustainable 1.75% to 2%, throughout 2015.
John Pancari: And you just alluded to what my follow was going to be on the margin, so therefore, if that's the case, the Fed does nothing, next quarter youve got a flattish margin, however from the second, third, and fourth quarter, for 2015, you expect 10 to 12 bps of compression during that period, so what is implying that drop-off? Because that does imply pretty good down tick from here.
David Turner: Well, I think wed continue to see the negative impacts of lower rates on reinvestment yields in particular where were having to put to work $300 million, $400 million of cash every month. And you continue to see the rollover effect of lower rates in the loan book as well. So, we think that if you look at where we think the Fed's going to be towards the middle of the year, we think youll start seeing some pressure to increase short term rates, and so we havent abandoned that, what we wanted to try to do is put some sensitivities and some extent that that does not happen. And at the  ten-year [Inaudible] rates also stay lower. So, were not saying thats what will happen or that we expect that to happen, we were just trying to give you a little bit sensitivity of possibly what could happen.
John Pancari: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Good morning. David, just to follow up on the expense side, understanding the clear focus on operating leverage. Last year you were able to also help us understand the directional dollars on the expense side - and you did a really good job of getting it down two and change percent. So with all these pushes and pulls and wanting to leave the door open on investments, so can you help us frame an understanding of where you think expense dollars can go given that premise of uncertainty on the revenue side?
David Turner: We think, Ken, weve made investments in a number of areas this year because we believe growing revenue is important for our franchise, weve hired people to do that. Weve hired some late in the year that will have full run rate going forward. We have the negative impact of tension that will hit us for 2015, thats about $25 million in total for the year. So, call it $6 million per quarter. So with that and the investments weve made - were talking about expense management and revenue together in terms of positive operating leverage versus a commitment on just expense levels because weve needed to make these investments to grow revenue. We think theyll pay off and so I guess the best I can do to describe where you want to go is that positive operating leverage is something that we should be able to achieve in 2015.
Ken Usdin: Okay, got it. And then, on the C side, just coming back to - also expecting growth there, I am assuming thats off of your adjusted 17.84 base. But what I wanted to dig down into is that, I am assuming that's inclusive of the $3.5 million of that lingering deposit advance run off. And then also, can you just remind us, is it also inclusive of the expected overdraft charge changes as well?
David Turner: It does include both of those.
Ken Usdin: And then my last one just on that last point is, any update or changes with regards to the numbers youve tried to put around your  that potential delta on deposit - on overdrafts? Thanks.
David Turner: No. We're doing some pilots right now on that posting order, and nothing's come to our attention that calls us to want to change that guidance we gave you 10 to 15 per quarter, when implemented.
Ken Usdin: Thanks David.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, one clarification question just on NIM outlook, I just want to make sure - in your second bullet point where you say, if the ten year yield were 1.75% to 2%, that would drive 10 to 12 basis points of NIM pressure throughout 2015. Does that scenario also include your base case scenario for the front end moving up in the middle of the year?
Grayson Hall: We have incorporated - we have our base case in terms of the front end moving up, and what were trying to say is that we have - this risk would be on top of what we already project for that, so you could take our base case and then take 10 to 12 basis points on top of that. But that really is - the 10 to 12 - we think well have relatively stable margin like I said in the first quarter even in low persistent rate environment. The impact starts - it could be felt later in the year. Really in the third and fourth quarter its more pervasive.
Betsy Graseck: Right, so then if theres no rate hike at the front end of the curve, does that - how does that impact your outlook, would that be incremental negative or not material?
Grayson Hall: It would be, but that impact would be felt later in the year as well. We didnt really have a full effect until the end of the year anyway.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay, and then just on the branch consolidation, the 50 branches in 2015, could you give us some color as to have extensive the review was of the branch network, and is this a beginning of consolidation or does this get you largely through what you intend to do on the network?
Grayson Hall: Thus we've been -- we've been very disciplined about doing an annual review of our multi-channel delivery system, branches being part of that. When we look at investments that we're making in branches, our ATMs, mobile homeland contact center, we look at across the channels, we may convert irrational decision on what we're investing in there. If you look at what we've done on physical branch presence, as I mentioned over the past, five, seven years we've probably consolidated over 20% of our franchise. From a branch account standpoint, we're around 1,666 offices today. We continue -- we will continue to look at that on an annual basis. It's an ongoing process for us. It's not a one-time and done, but it's rather part of how we think about our customer deliver points and so you should anticipate we will continue to do this each and every year.
Betsy Graseck: All right. And the cost of closing the branches is in line with what you've done previously. I am just wondering if
Grayson Hall: Yes, we've got pretty good experience based on this and not only from a estimating the cost -- the cost reductions that come out of those branches, but just as importantly is retention of customer relationships as we close with branches and so we think we -- from an modeling standpoint, we think we've got pretty good model and we understand how to execute on branch consolidations and closures.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then I guess just a last follow-up here is on the online product that you indicated in the prepared remarks that in the other consumer category should expect to accelerate in part from the online lending focus. Could you give us some color on what you mean by that, what you're investing in and how any pilots are going?
Grayson Hall: The conclusion -- we continue to look at both online and mobile, both of those channels have very strong growth rates year-over-year and most of those, most of that activity as you are well aware is around fairly routine bank transactions, balance inquiry, funds transfer, bill payment. But all the things we've discovered through some of the product innovation we've had over the two last two or three years is that the desire for customers to also have the ability to borrow money online and also borrow money at point of sale and so we are introducing a number of new online capabilities as well as some partnership capabilities we have on a sale. That's an activity that we'll be making announcements on as the year progresses and it's just a way to extend our brand further into market places that we are as dominant today.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thanks for the color there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Carcache of Nomura Securities.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Carcache: Good morning. Thank you. I had a question on asset quality remained strong, but I am trying to get a sense for how we should think about the trajectory of your net charge-off rate. It looks like it troughed at 35 basis points in the second quarter and it's been rising three to four basis points since per quarter. And I guess as we look ahead, should we continue to expect that kind of similar level of quarterly increase over the next few quarters as credit normalizes? I guess at what point does it level out assuming credit conditions remain favorable? Any color around that would be helpful.
David Turner: One of the things we're going to leave in our prepared comments is when you get this down to this level of charge-offs in particular, you can see volatility in any given quarter. We're trying to leave you with you the conclusion that in particular if you look at criticizing Class 5 loans, that's one of the earliest indicators of where your credit quality is going. That would imply that over time, we see the charge-off rate continuing to come down. Where it settles out we'll have to see, but we don't believe that the level it's at now is fixed. We believe that does come down. Assuming that condition, economic conditions continue to perform where they are now. So you have to make your own assessment as to where that might -- that terminal value would be, but it should -- it should be lower than what it is over time.
Bill Carcache: Okay. I think -- separate question on auto, can you talk about the nature of your relationship with your dealer partners in the indirect auto lending side of your business and address specifically how dealer participation works. In particular I wondering how much freedom your dealer partners have to charge auto loan customers rates that are above and beyond the rate at which you're willing to underwrite a loan?
David Turner: So we have almost 1,700 dealers today. We have -- I didn't see the -- to work with large dealer groups where understanding the dynamics and the changes that are going on in the industry are in terms of pricing and trying to be fair to customers and transparent to customers. We like virtually everybody in the industry do give opportunities for dealers to mark-up the rate. Today it's up to 200 basis points. We know that that's being evaluated by regulatory supervisors in the industry and we're going to stay connected to what that looks like. We think there is a chance the whole industry might move in a given direction, but we think we're spot on with what others are doing in the industry.
Grayson Hall: But Bill we have a -- we have very rigorous monitoring program of our dealerships and to monitor their activities and to make sure that we're confident in their capabilities for underwriting and pricing. We also have a single price grid, franchise-wide, and are very, very disciplined about maintaining that pricing grid in exactly where our approval rates are if what FICO scores they were delivering on a monthly basis. Now we continue to tighten up the rigor around our credit practices in that segment making improvements literally on a continuous basis.
Bill Carcache: Okay. Can you say finally on that point whether any of the changes to the practices that you've made have been prompted by your discussions with regulators or have kind of regulators been more kind of on a fact finding -- fact gathering kind of mode and havent necessarily been asking for any changes to be made, just that
Grayson Hall: Bill really only I can say is we continue to have very detailed and productive conversations with our regulatory supervisors. We have decisions where changes where we believe they're necessary in order for the business to perform better and it's a longstanding relationship and so we feel we'll account for where we're at today. As David said earlier, there are tremendous debates in the industry about how these products are delivered. As those rules changes occur, we will adjust to that.
Bill Carcache: Understood. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald of Sanford Bernstein.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, John.
John McDonald: Hi. Good morning. On expenses, David any ballpark numbers for what kind of savings you could get from the new branch rationalizations that you took the charge for this quarter and next quarter?
David Turner: Well I'll tell you that generally speaking when we take charges, we like to target the payback period to be somewhere in the three to five year range. This is on the lower end of that and we continue to evaluate our whole footprint and to the extent that we can consolidate -- every time we consolidate braches, we lose revenue. The idea though is to be able to adjust expenses -- run rate expenses faster than the revenue that we're losing. And so as we look at these last 50, we're closer to that three-year payback range and as Grayson mentioned earlier, we will continue to evaluate all of our branches and rationalize those and make investments in others.
John McDonald: Okay. And just take you to that item on the operating leverage goal for positive operating leverage, I assume that's on an adjusted basis year-over-year, that you should infer wouldn't include like the legal charge this quarter?
David Turner: That's correct.
John McDonald: Okay. And is there any efficiency goal aside to that just to issue?
David Turner: We've talked about our efficiency ratio over long term to be in that 55% to 59% range. We need a rate increase for that to happen. While we wait, believe we can drift down into the lower 60s of efficiency ratio. 2015 we're targeting to be better than we are in 2014 and all that's on an adjusted basis.
John McDonald: Okay. And then just for a follow-up on a payout, how you're thinking about what's the right kind of payout ratio for regions? You've got a lot of capital. Given how much this year's buyback was backend loaded on a quarterly basis, you're now actually returning on a high percentage of your earnings this quarter and hopefully next. I guess just kind of as you went through CCAR, how did you approach thinking about where the payout ratio should go broadly over the next year or two?
David Turner: Yes so as a result of us being in the middle of a regulatory submission, we need to be careful exactly with what we're saying, although the answer and sometime in March we will let you know. But the way we thought about capital was first off we wanted to get our dividend closer to where peers and market expectations were. We clearly wanted to use our capital to grow our business. Organically we think that's important. When you look at our capital ratios that we have, we have more common equity Tier 1 than most of our peers and we believe we needed to be a little more forward leaning in terms of putting that capital to work. So you should expect that ratio to be higher. We don't necessarily target a total payout ratio per se. We look at optimizing, excuse me optimizing our capital stack in terms of what's in the capital stack and the sheer dollar amount to become as efficient as we can be and we realize we had more capital our Tier 1 common or common equity Tier 1 on Basel III in most. That's why we think we can do the things we need to do to get the dividend up, to get the investments made to grow our business and serve our customers and return appropriate amount to our shareholders and that's what we did.
John McDonald: And I guess one of the concerns some shareholders have is that you're aligned to a bank acquisition that's dilutive and you don't have a currency to your stock right now in terms of a multiple to do a bank deal. And I guess could you just give us your thoughts about being disciplined on that in terms of using capital given where you trade today and your appetite to do a bank deal or opposed to doing some kind of cash deal to increase your fee income and how you're thinking along those lines?
David Turner: So you pointed out rightly. We also look at our currency. We think strategically about acquisitions, but I think you bring up a great point in terms of where we are from a currency standpoint. We do have a capital that we can put to work in terms of the organic growth and returns to shareholders and use that excess capital on appropriate acquisition whether it be a bank or non-bank where you're using cash as a currency versus your stock. And so that's a little more available to us today given our capital position, but we're well aware of expectations on dilution and being able to payback that dilution in a reasonable period of time and we're not in the mode of doing an acquisition just to do an acquisition. We will be very thoughtful and we need to get our currency up and we will do that by executing our business plan and executing our strategy first and foremost and there will be plenty of time for acquisitions after we get that dealt with.
John McDonald: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Miller of FBR.
Paul Miller: Yes. Thank you very much. On the $10 million of increased expenses that you said really it's I guess for outside consultants and I guess it's really -- it's some of the regulations for Dodd-Frank, CCAR what not. Is that a one-time charge or should we model that going forward into the models?
David Turner: Are you speaking of the $10 million for the branch consolidations or
Paul Miller: Maybe I am misreading, but I thought there was a $10 million of increased consultants.
David Turner: Its $5 million Paul. If you look at outside services, it went up about $5 million.
Paul Miller: I am sorry.
David Turner: That was related to third party consultants and our capital planning process and certain risk management initiatives. Those are areas reasonably we point that out, those are areas where -- that we have a chance to cut those back and become more efficient on, but that is unrelated to the branch $10 million charge that we took.
Paul Miller: Okay. So that's an area that you think you can get down over time, but we should be modeling that in for the short term?
David Turner: Well we think we can get that down and third parties are one of the easiest -- third party expenditures are one of the easier ones to deal with because you don't have to sign a contract. So we should -- we expect and you should expect over time that we work on third party cost and get those down to -- at level that is appropriate for our institution.
Paul Miller: And then you might not have these numbers. You don't -- you usually can have somebody give me a call back, but what exactly -- I couldnt really calculate, what is your capitalized cost of servicing because you did take it right down to the MSR, but what did you take it down to on a capitalized cost of servicing number?
David Turner: I don't have that. We'll get -- Paul, we'll get that -- get back
Paul Miller: If you can give me a call back that would be great. Hey guys, thank you very much.
David Turner: Thank you.
Grayson Hall: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom of Guggenheim.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Wasserstrom: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on a couple of topics that have been addressed, but as I think about everything that you've said about your net interest margin and assuming that the forward curve is still correct in terms of implied midyear hike and given your fairly robust loan growth guidance, how should I think about sort of the geography of net interest income dollars over the next few quarters here?
David Turner: Well Eric to the extent that we can give a rising rate, what we will say is that we can have modest improvement to our overall net interest income and resulting NIM if that occurs. We do believe we will have an increase in the shorter rates. We don't believe it will start through mid year. So we expect that to be an opportunities for us in terms of revenue growth if the loan growth will pan out like we've talked about and if the rate environment works like we've talked about, we think that's an area where we can grow revenue. We've had a pretty resilient margin relative to our peers and so we're looking forward to that. We will try and give you the -- if that doesnt happen, here is what the risk is relative to that expectation and that's what the 10 to 12 basis point is all about.
Eric Wasserstrom: All right and in that scenario, does your loan growth result in flat net interest income dollars or is there some downward risk in the lack of -- in the 175 to 200 basis point tenure scenario?
David Turner: Well if you're adding interest earning assets, we should be able to grow with that incrementally our NII. The issue is that at what margin will that ultimately result in. So you could have a growing NII and a decline in the resulting margin that's been at where you put assets on the books.
Eric Wasserstrom: Got it. And just to follow-up on asset quality for a moment, how should we think about your reserve adequacy at this stage given that the reserve releases have moved, not necessarily entirely with the direction of net charge-offs on a sort of quarter-over-quarter basis.
David Turner: Yes, so the question is really where we think overall allowance levels would trend? We have a pretty sophisticated allowance methodology. We're getting the question where do you think that will ultimately be? As charge-offs continue to come down, as criticized and classified levels come down, as non-performers come down, then you have a tendency to expect and lower allowance to loan ratio. I can't tell you where that terminal value is. I think what's going on the books today is some of the most pristine, incredibly we've had in a long time and I think that each quarter as charge-offs come down, we do believe we have some leverage in our allowance, which helps us keep the provision down lower for a longer period of time, but at some point, that runs out and you have to start providing for whatever your charge-offs are. So the question that was asked earlier in terms of where that charge-off maybe is something we needed to look at and think through, but the allowance is going to be what it's going to be and I think there is an ability for that to come down to some degree.
Grayson Hall: But Eric, when you look at the net charge-offs, you just have to keep reminding yourself, there is some residual effect of credits that we've had on our books for a long time that are getting resolved. In addition, the granularity of our loan portfolio does require some level of volatility from quarter to quarter on charge-offs, but when you look at the charge-off in relationship to the provision, the provision really is driving our allowance as a reflection of the overall quality of the portfolio. And as you see from the numbers, the overall quality of our loan portfolio continues to improve. We've got modest loan growth build in through our projections, but a lot of where that provision and resulting allowance winds us trending in large parts tend to pin down loan growth and in what segments that loan growth occurs.
Eric Wasserstrom: Great and then just last one for me, your go-forward tax rate, what you're expecting there?
David Turner: If you right-size for the impact of the legal and regulatory charge, you saw us in that roughly 29% range and you would expect that fairly similar to 2015.
Eric Wasserstrom: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: Hi guys. Just a follow-up on the energy theme, I guess first in terms of your exposure that you laid out on Page 12, which is very helpful, how do you think about how long oil prices need to stay where they are before we see some cracks just kind of generally speaking in your portfolio?
Grayson Hall: Matt, let me if you would, we've prepared that in the appendix to give you a little more data analytically on sort of our exposure in the -- I've got John Turner in the room with me today who manages our energy segment. So John, if you would speak to this for a second.
John Turner: Happy to, in terms of how long the prices can stay down, I would say, if you look at the material we've provided, the majority of our exposure is centered either in our exploration production or our oil field services portfolios and if we have a concentration in oil field services that's in marine transportation companies that are serving the deep water, we think that those companies are operating in an environment that has a much longer to play out. Our portfolio is comprised of relatively small number of companies that are located in Louisiana and Texas. They're led by seasoned management teams, have really good liquidity both in the form of cash and credit available to them. They've operated through volatile cycles before. Have good access to capital and so we feel good about our portfolio. We've got a seasoned team of bankers and risk managers. In terms of how long the price can stay down, I don't think we have a sophisticated approach to data to know how long that is because we don't know where the price will end up. A lot of it has to do with where the price ultimately bottoms out and then the length of time that it will stay there, but based upon again good liquidity, good experience amongst our management teams, access to different forms of capital and just the credit profile and small number of customers that we have, we say, we feel pretty good about our exposure today.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. That's helpful and then just on the flip side as I think about your consumer, from a geographic point of view, you operate in some lower income areas and I would think some of those customers are going to benefit much more from lower gas prices, potentially lower home energy cost. So just talk about some of the dynamics on the consumer side both in terms of maybe some relief on the credit and whether there might be some boost on the lending and spending volumes as well.
Grayson Hall: Yes, I think it's a little early to call, but clearly the reduction in price of a gallon of gasoline at the pump has had a material impact on disposable income of a number of our customers and we do operate a number of -- in a number of markets that, that will really play to as an advantage. We continue to see from a consumer lending standpoint, consumer's credit metrics continue to improve and we would anticipate that if oil prices and conversely prices at pump stayed as low for an extended period of time, it will see a strengthening not only in the credit, the credit of those consumers, but also the spending behaviors of those consumers. And we -- you see a number of different scenarios about a penny drop at the pump and how many dollars that actually puts back into the consumer's pocket and those numbers are just startling in size, but I would say that you it's early to see the results of that, but clearly it's occurring and clearly we will see strengthening. I would say that in the fourth quarter we did see really strong results in the activity of both debit and credit card transactions, both in a number of transactions and in the dollar value of those transactions. And as you saw a modest increase in outstanding balances in the credit card portfolio. So maybe those are early signs, but I do think it's still all early for us to decide what the marked improvement will be.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Marty.
Marty Mosby: Hey thanks for taking the questions. One is to ask you David a little bit about the prepayment speeds, if you had any impact in the security yields this quarter may be from the premium bonds being written down a little bit more? And then also you did have a big impact on the write down in the mortgage servicing rights. Does that encompass a big pick up in prepayments already? So just wanted to see the two impacts in those areas of prepayment speed.
David Turner: Yes, I think Marty, I think there is really unrelated at this point. We did see a very small amount of pick up in pre amortization. It was about $2 million impact to this negatively in the quarter. So I think our total premium amortization was $42 million up from $40 million in the quarter before. Mortgage was just a little different. Obviously we had a lot of volatility in rates and we obviously have hedges on the hedge as much as the change in fair value as we can. We're a little less effective in those hedges and that was part of the decline in the MSR and then total mortgage we had just lower deliveries into the secondary market that we believe real more of a timing issue for us. So we think those were a little more anomalies that occurred in the fourth quarter than we should hopefully see going forward?
Marty Mosby: And would it be fair to reflect that if you look at the amortization, it didn't really accelerate any other future prepayments it may happen, yet if you look at the bag on the servicing rights, maybe you have accelerated some of the impact there?
David Turner: Yes, I think so and also we need to look at what's happening right now with rates -- mortgage rates continuing to come down. We could see -- we could see an opportunity for refinance activity helping our mortgage business, but also that negatively impacts us on the mortgage services rights. So we have a little bit of a built in economic hedge to some degree there. We need to still see how that plays out over the course of the year.
Marty Mosby: And just lastly, when you talked about the modest rise in interest rate, holding margins flat to pushing it up, you would still expect if you had a short term rise in interest rates, does that eventually kind of pull through positively on your net interest margin. So I just want to make sure of when a structural change that was somewhat pulling that benefit down a little bit.
David Turner: No, we continue to be asset sensitive along the curve and short-term rates, medium term, long-term, all those benefit us. I think our last disclosure on F100 was about $160 million, $170 million, which is almost split a third, a third, a third in that scenario. So we benefit from that increase at any level.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Burnell: Good afternoon, gentlemen. Just a couple of very quick follow-ups, it sounds from your answers to Matt's -- Matt O'Connor's prior questions that you have not really incorporated much in the way of increased provisions against the oil exposure that you have or the energy exposure you have in the fourth quarter provision. Is that a reasonable assumption?
Grayson Hall: When you look at our fourth quarter provision, we're not saying any adverse impacts yet in that part of the portfolio that would be included in the quantitative part of our allowance methodologies. In the qualitative part, obviously any market uncertainties in oil and gas being one of those, is included in that quantitative analysis and there would be some consideration given to the fact that oil prices have dropped, but an explicit special reserve we did not do that. We let our methodologies process the way they are built to be modeled and we believe we have taken the right stance on that.
Matt Burnell: And just following up on that exposure, have you said publicly what the losses have been back in other periods of declining oil prices or perhaps what the non-performing asset levels rose to just to get a sense of sort of what the potential risk might be?
Grayson Hall: We have not, but Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer will have this. Now I'll ask Barb to make a few comments.
Barb Godin: We can't go back and actually reproduce those numbers at this point in time, but again going from experience those numbers were very small. Again being very active in that space, as we mentioned, we've been doing this for 40 years and so we have run through some ups and downs and know it has not impacted our books significantly.
Matt Burnell: Okay. And then just finally David, a question on cards, you sound quite optimistic about your ability to continue to drive card acceptance and card usage from your customers and the branches, did I get the sense from your comments that you're thinking about potentially broadening the offering of those cards outside the branches and possibly outside your footprint?
David Turner: Our focus really has been our customer base. If you -- and the reason for that is our penetration on our customer base has been right at 16%. We expect that to be in the lower 20s intact and so that's really where our focus has been. We have from a strategy standpoint thought about expanding outside of our customer base and we think right now spending the time to again serve our existing customers is probably the best route to go at this time, but it is on the drawing board for us.
Grayson Hall: Well we think that's progress. We've looked at different strategies, but again cross-selling our current customer base continues to be our number one priority and we've got better at executing on that strategy. We've had -- our results continue to build momentum. We've got more active cards, more card transaction and had more success in penetrating our book and in the past and so we're encouraged by our early results and that remains our strategy.
Matt Burnell: Makes sense. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Mutascio of KBW.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Mutascio: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. David, just a quick question, your positive operating leverage commentary clearly implies pretax, pre-provisioning earnings growth in '15, over '14. But I guess can you achieve pretax earnings growth if in indeed the provision expense inevitably reflects off the low level in fourth quarter?
David Turner: Well, our goal is to constantly grow our earnings for our pretax and after tax basis. So we're working hard to grow all areas revenue, control our expense base and we think net, net we can do that from an operating leverage standpoint, but we havent given explicit guidance as to what that pretax move will be. As we go through the year, we will give you a little more clarity on that, but we're going to stick to positive operating leverage right now is the guidance.
Chris Mutascio: Okay. And then just one follow-up on the positive operating leverage guidance, that includes the branch closing cost in both fourth quarter of '14 and the potential for another $15 million first quarter '15? Is that correct?
David Turner: It includes the benefit of having that out in the expense run rate, but the actual charge, the $10 million and the $15 million are adjusted out.
Chris Mutascio: Okay.
David Turner: So it does not include those.
Chris Mutascio: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Januja of JPMorgan.
Vivek Januja: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Couple of them. Oil and Gas. Can you just talk about your originations during the course of 2014 and also how much do you have in commitments over and above 3.35 or 3.35 billion of academics?
Grayson Hall: The answer to your first or second question is commitments. We currently have 6.9 billion in commitments to the sector and 3.4 billion outstanding which represents about 4.4% of the portfolio. Further originations we grew both around $200 million year-over-year. It was fairly diverse group of originations both in the E&P sector and in auto services driven through the cross both states in terms of geography and through our Regions Business Capital Group which has strong relationships with private equity sponsors in that space and have pretty good year in originations as well.
Vivek Januja: So would you say then - chunk of the growth came from the private equity related loans?
Grayson Hall: I don't have the mix exactly. So well say that those relationships were certainly important to some of the growth that we generated through our Regions Business Capital Group.
Vivek Januja: Okay, thanks. And one more question qualitative reserves you mentioned earlier, what is the amount of - what percentage of your loans are - what percentage we had loan last reserves qualitative reserves?
Grayson Hall: We have not disclosed that.
Vivek Januja: But is that something that's changed in the fourth quarter? Did it go up, down, flat any context around that?
Grayson Hall: Relatively stable.
Vivek Januja: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rose of Raymond James.
Michael Rose: Good afternoon. Just two quick ones from me. What is the reserve on the loan book - on the energy book today and maybe what was it if you know going back to 2009 when we had a similar decline in oil prices? And then just secondarily, what's the expected impact in dollars if you have it around the seasonal FICO costs that you expect in the first quarter? Thanks.
Barb Godin: This is Barb Godin. If we look at the energy book we don't have it specifically that way. We do have - we look at very detail and acquire particularly if its a non performing loans for good specific reserve. Other than that, we look at it improved loans, so we don't have competitive status, but we can is we feel very comfortable with what our book looks like, again remembering that we do a few things. We do sensitivity analysis on that book. We have a price deck. We do that pretty well in the quarterly basis but the price deck we press it down and then we pick an additional haircut on that. We also do reserve calculations with those 65% advanced rate on our reserved calculations. And last but not least we also have hedging on that book. So all in we feel pretty good about that book but again getting back to your comments both specific reserves or reserving we dont have them so we can provide you.
Grayson Hall: Michael I'll take the second question. So, if you look at prior year it should be relatively consistent for file the taxes and 401-K match and those kinds of things that happened in the first quarter. They are almost up around $12 million and then remember that our pension cost increased about $6 million for quarter that you'll, thats new.
Michael Rose: Okay. That's helpful. And just one more back to the energy book. What percentage of your book is hedged through 2015 and through 2016 if you have that? Thanks.
David Turner: About 41% through 2015 and an additional 17% I think through 2016.
Michael Rose: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy: I apologize if youve addressed this question, I need to jump off. If you look at your total energy portfolio, what percentage of that would be designated as leverage loans?
Grayson Hall: We currently have seven leverage loans in our energy portfolio. Five of those are managed through our Regions business capital group and so it would be a modest percentage of our total exposure.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. And is there any talk, I haven't heard this, but has there been any talk amongst the OCC or the regulators to do for the industry and not just for you folks of course, targeted energy credit exams this year.
Barb Godin: We haven't heard of any that -- I would believe that they probably would just given the where things are in the energy sector, we would not be surprised. The other comment I would also make on the leverage loans we just ask that question is recognizing that definition of leverage within the overall space and how we define leverage is different. So typically as you know, leverage is defined as non-investment grade and again that is -- that's what banks our side do as we land in the non-investment grade space.
Gerard Cassidy: And then finally and again I apologize if you've addressed this, as you of course is very, very strong. Do you guys get a sense that there will be at some point in the future where the regulators will allow you to reduce that to a more manageable level, so that your return on equity can obviously go higher?
David Turner: Yes, Gerard, this is David. There hasnt been any explicit guidance coming from regulatory supervisors on that. I think it's incumbent upon us to ensure we have an appropriate amount of capital for the risk in our business. We clearly think we do. We think we have capital that can be more effectively deployed and I werent on the call, we talked about easing that capital really for first off getting our dividend up to kind of our more consistent with expectations. Using that capital to grow organically using excess capital to the extent that there was an acquisition to pay cash for whether it be a bank, non-bank and they are returning in appropriate amount of capital to our shareholders. We think we have the kind of capital position and we think we have a really good understanding of the risk attended to our company and therefore, we think over time you will see those drift down. Where the terminal amount is, is everybody's guess. And so I think we need not get ahead of ourselves on that, but I do think capital levels do rationalize over time. The amount of time -- when that is, is anybody's guess.
Gerard Cassidy: I appreciate that. Thank you. And one follow-up to your comments David, on acquisitions, not to say that you're looking at anything right now, but some of the bigger banks have commented that the BSA/AML internal reporting has been a obstacle to getting deals announced. How do you guys feel about your BSA/AML condition in terms of your systems? Obviously M&T is still struggling to close its deal that was announced over two years ago because of BSA/AML issues. Can you give us some color on where you guys think you stand in that arena?
David Turner: Well I think ensuring that you have all of your key processes in order to participate in acquisitions is important. BSA/AML has been imported to our country for a long time. It will continue to get the time and attention and it's incumbent upon us to have all the controls in place. We invest an awful lot of time and attention in ensuring that and we feel like we have a very robust program relative to BSA/AML and -- but that mean we can't stop here. We have to continue to invest and continue to be diligent in terms of those processes, but we think we have a solid program today.
Gerard Cassidy: Again, thank you.
David Turner: You bet.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Hall for closing remarks.
Grayson Hall: Thank you very much. We appreciate everyone's participation today and thank you for your questions and we'll stand adjourned.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: List Underwood - Investor Relations Grayson Hall - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Bank David Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President of the Company and the Bank
Analysts: Jessica Ribner - FBR Capital Markets Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Ken Usdin - Jefferies Sameer Gokhale - Janney Capital Markets Michael Rose - Raymond James Erika Najarian - Bank of America Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research John Pancari - Evercore Richard Bove - Rafferty Capital
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's quarterly earnings call. My name is Paula, and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
List Underwood: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation on our call today. Our presenters this morning are Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall and our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner. Other members of our management team are present as well and available to answer questions as appropriate. Also, as part of the call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Finally, let me remind you that in this call and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. For further details, please reference our forward-looking statement that is located in the appendix of the presentation. I will now turn it over to Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, List, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Regions and participation in our third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Today we reported another solid and consistent quarter with earnings of $305 million or $0.22 per diluted share. Total revenue increased 2% and asset quality remained solid with a net charge-off ratio of 39 basis points. We continue to focus on meeting the financial needs of our customers and once again this quarter we grew our customer base and deepened relationships, as evidenced by growth and quality households and quality checking accounts, all of which are fundamental drivers of long-term sustainable growth. Although the overall lending environment was challenging in the third quarter, we remain committed to maintaining disciplined credit underwriting standards. Competition remains intense within the business lending, creating pressure on both price and structure. Nonetheless, we remain prudent on how we choose to compete the loans. As a result, there are number of deals that we are walking away from that do not meet the company risk appetite or have unacceptable terms. While we experience slower demand in July, August, recent trends indicate a very favorable pickup in activity and have generally been more favorable both at the end of the quarter and as we enter the next quarter. The consumer lending portfolio continues to expand, including growth in indirect loans, credit card and mortgages. Additionally, our deposit base continued to increase, with the pending deposit balances up $308 million from the prior quarter. We remain focused on growing and diversifying our non-interest revenue. Despite the challenging environment, we believe to align customers to bank the way to choose is a key to customer satisfaction and growth. We also recognize we must continue to innovate as it is critical to attracting and retaining customers. We are committed to driving long-term growth while improving efficiency across the organization supported by process improvement initiatives. Despite the recent market volatility and global macroeconomic weakness, we are encouraged by improving economic fundamentals throughout our core markets. Although the recovery remains uneven, we expect increased capital spending activity will drive GDP growth in 2015. Finally, we are encouraged and been pleased with the recent analysis of positive actions by couple of our credit rating agencies. We believe these actions reflect meaningful improvements in the number of credit quality metrics and our overall risk profile. We are committed to maintaining a strong risk management culture and these rating upgrade are further evidence of our continued progress. I will now turn it over to David for a closer look at our third quarter results and then we will take your questions.
David Turner: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Let's take a look at the detail starting with balance sheet. Loan balances totaled $77 billion at the end of the third quarter, an increase of $94 million from the end of the previous quarter. The consumer lending portfolio drove increase as growth in business lending moderated early in the quarter, as Grayson indicated. Total consumer lending increased $120 million linked quarter as production increased 2%. The growth in the consumer portfolio was led by indirect auto lending as balances increased 4% from the prior quarter. We continue to benefit from the robust market for auto sales, as well as from the process improvements instituted earlier in the year. As a result, we expect further growth in this portfolio. Credit card balances increased $19 million or 2% from the previous quarter. This increase stems from a 4% increase in active card users. Today our marketing efforts have primarily targeted our existing customer base. As a result, we continue to make progress as our penetration rate is up 200 basis points to 15% over the last year and we expect growth in balances to continue in the near term. Mortgage balances were up modestly this quarter as production increased 1% linked quarter. Meanwhile, total home equity balances declined $96 million as loan payoffs continued to outpace new production. However, total home equity production increased 13% from the previous quarter as customers continue to take advantage of fixed rate home equity loans and variable rate home equity lines of credit. Looking at business lending. This portfolio totaled $48 billion at the end of the quarter, an increase of 4% year-to-date. Commercial and industrial loans grew $503 million or 2% from the prior quarter. As Grayson mentioned, competition remains intense in this space. In addition, we experienced loan payoffs related to customer mergers and acquisitions as well as refinancing activities occurring in the fixed income markets. C&I growth was led by the general industries group [ph] within the geographies, as well as refinance. Line utilization declined 40 basis points. However, commitments for new loans increased $1 billion or 2% and our pipelines remain strong. Regarding investor real estate. While ending balances were up 1% year-to-date at $6.8 billion, the portfolio experienced a decline of 2% from the previous quarter. Investor real estate remains an important part of our corporate bank strategy, given our market presence in the Southeast. However as previously noted, we remain committed to our risk tolerance levels as it relates to this portfolio. As such, near-term growth is expected to be modest. Based on what we know today and reflecting our current economic forecast, we expect ending 2014 loan growth to be at the lower end of the 3% to 5% range. Let's take a look at deposits. Supported by our multichannel platform, deposits continued to grow increasing $308 million during the third quarter. Of note, low-cost deposits grew by $492 million and continued to account for 91% of total deposits. Deposit costs remained at historically low levels and totaled 11 basis points, while total funding costs declined to 30 basis points in the quarter. We continue to expect 2014 deposit growth to be in the 2% range for the year on a point-to-point basis. Let's take a look at how this impacted our results. Net interest income on a fully taxable basis was $837 million, essentially flat versus the prior quarter. However as anticipated, our net interest margin declined six basis points to 3.18%. Net interest income benefited from an additional day in the quarter, as well as from a modest increase in the securities portfolio. Net interest margin was negatively impacted by approximately three basis points due to higher levels of cash and the additional day. Both net interest margin and net interest income were negatively impacted by lower asset yields, as maturities and paydowns and loans and securities are replaced at lower levels. Asset yields are likely to continue to come under pressure if the current low interest rate environment persists. Deposit and funding costs are expected to remain stable at historically low levels with limited opportunity to realize additional cost leverage. Assuming rates remain at roughly current levels through the fourth quarter, we expect to have net interest margin compression of one to three basis points, and net interest income growth will primarily be driven by growth in loans. In terms of our interest rate sensitivity, we remain asset sensitive and expect net interest income to benefit from increases in short term or longer term rates. More specifically, a 100 basis point parallel shift in rates would increase net income by approximately $160 million in the first year. Total non-interest revenue increased 5% to $478 million in the third quarter. Service charges increased 4% from the second quarter and card and ATM fees increased 1%. Credit card income benefited from a 2% increase in spending volumes. Now with respect to posting order, as we previously stated, we plan to begin following a chronological approach in select markets during the first quarter next year. The results from these tests will be used to inform our posting order process and customer communications. We do not expect to fully implement these changes until the second half of 2015. However, through our current modeling efforts, we estimate the impact from these changes to be in the range of $10 million to $15 million per quarter. It is important to understand that the modeling assumes a static environment, and there are numerous policies including funds availability that impact fee revenue. Mortgage income was down 9% from the previous quarter, primarily related to lower mortgage servicing rights and related hedge income. Although servicing income has been relatively consistent, we continue to look for opportunities to grow this revenue source. We currently have approximately $40 billion of mortgages in our servicing portfolio and have the operational capacity to take on additional volume. While mortgage production declined in 2014, the pace of our decline has less than the industry. Originations continue to be driven by new home purchases and represented on average 73% of total originations this year. And looking ahead, the Mortgage Bankers Association estimates that mortgage origination should increase 5% to 10% in 2015, and we expect to continue to outpace industry estimates. Capital markets income increased $8 million from the previous quarter, primarily related to an increase in activity in real estate capital markets. This increase reflects the revenue increase from investments we have made to expand our capital markets capabilities. Let's move on to expenses. Adjusted expenses were flat from the previous quarter. Salaries and benefits increased $13 million from the previous quarter as headcount increased 183 positions. The majority of these positions are in revenue-generating or revenue support roles and include hires in specialty lending, insurance, wealth management and platform personnel and will drive future growth in revenue. The remaining portion of the increase continues to be primarily from hires of support staff, particularly in risk management and compliance functions. With that said, we continue to closely monitor personnel resources which has resulted in a reduction in headcount of 656 positions year-to-date. Credit expenses have been particularly low for several quarters, as we have benefited from loan sales out of our held-for-sale portfolio. The opportunity for gains will diminish as the balances in the portfolio decline. This quarter, we also incurred expenses related to Visa Class B shares sold in prior years which resulted in $7 million of additional expense in the third quarter. Furniture and equipment related expenses increased primarily related to investments in technology, including systems enhancements and data management solutions. Additionally, we benefited from a recovery to expenses related to unfunded commitments of $24 million, which was primarily due to a large credit line that funded that was subsequently resolved during the quarter. The adjusted efficiency ratio improved by 60 basis points to 63.6% in the third quarter, as we remain committed to driving efficiencies across the organization. While some quarter-to-quarter volatility is to be expected, we continue to expect full year 2014 adjusted expenses to be lower than those of 2013. Moving on to asset quality. Our overall asset quality remained solid as many credit metrics improved in the quarter. Our nonperforming loans declined 7% linked quarter. In addition, at quarter-end, our loan-loss allowance to nonperforming loans or coverage ratio was 141%, up from 137% last quarter. Total delinquencies declined 4% and troubled debt restructurings or TDRs meaningfully declined 7%, driven by both refinancing activity and paydowns. In addition, both criticized and classified loans declined from the prior quarter. Net charge-offs totaled $75 million, representing 39 basis points of average loans. The provision for loan losses was $24 million or $51 million less than net charge-offs, and based on what we know today, we expect favorable asset quality trends to continue. However, at this point in cycle, volatility in certain metrics can be expected. Let's move on to capital and liquidity. We continue to maintain industry-leading capital levels. At the end of the quarter, our estimated Tier 1 ratio stood at 12.7% and our estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio was 11.8%. Further, we estimate our fully phased-in Basel III common equity Tier 1 ratio to be at 11.2%. As previously mentioned, we expect to begin executing our $350 million share repurchase program shortly as we previously planned. And just a quick note regarding preferred stock expense for the third quarter. due to the timing of our April issuance, the first coupon period was longer than future coupon periods and resulted in additional expense of approximately $4 million. Going forward, with the current level of preferred stock outstanding, the run rate for preferred stock expense will be approximately $16 million per quarter. Liquidity at both the bank and the holding company remains solid, with a loan to deposit ratio of 81%. And regarding the liquidity coverage ratio rule, Regions' funding base and investment portfolio are well-positioned to receive optimal treatment based on the high quality liquid asset definition. Importantly, our Regions 360 approach supports deepening customer relationships, which provides an LCR friendly platform for the ratio calculation. Overall, we are pleased with certain adjustments made to the final rule, and expect to be fully compliant by the January 2016 deadline without meaningful changes to our balance sheet. In summary, our third quarter results continue to reflect our steady progress in growing revenue, while maintaining a disciplined risk culture. We believe that by focusing on our customers' needs while prudently managing risk, we will drive long-term sustainable growth and deliver long-term shareholder value. Thank you for your time and attention this morning and I will now turn it back over to List for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
List Underwood: Thank you, David. We are ready to begin the Q&A session. In order to accommodate as many of you as possible this morning, I would like to ask each caller to please limit yourself to one primary question and then one related follow-up question. Now let's open the line for questions, operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Paul Miller of FBR Capital Markets.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Paul.
Jessica Ribner - FBR Capital Markets: Good morning. Hi, it's actually Jessica Ribner, in for Paul. How are you?
Grayson Hall: Hi, Jessica. Good morning.
Jessica Ribner - FBR Capital Markets: Good morning. It sounds like, just from your comments, you sound more positive about 2015 than 2014 in terms of loan growth and earnings. Do you feel like you can improve on today's loan growth into next year? What are you guys seeing?
Grayson Hall: Well, as you look at third quarter, we said in our prepared remarks, we saw a moderation of loan demand in the July and August and then we saw loan demand strengthen to some degree in September. We continue to see that strengthening of loan demand into the fourth quarter. Certainly, we are encouraged by that. I would say the moderation in the early part of quarter was a mixture of both the number of merger and acquisition transactions where we either were not the bank of the acquirer or we were the bank of both and had to reduce our hold positions on those. But we also saw an overall reduction in demand and the related production as a result of that demand. And so there were a number of one-off transactions that we would not have anticipated in terms of payoffs or paydowns, but I would say, generally, in July and August, we saw reduced demand. That obviously concerned us early in the quarter but it restrengthened in September. And if the trend continues, I think it is a very good sign for 2015 and obviously gives us the opportunity to perform at a higher level if that trend continues and at this juncture we have no reason to believe it will not.
Jessica Ribner - FBR Capital Markets: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning. Hello.
Grayson Hall: Yes, good morning.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. A couple of questions on the overdraft. You indicated that based on the testing that you have done, that starting third quarter of 2015, you would expect to see $10 million to $15 million drop in your OD fees. Could you give us some color behind the analysis you did to get to that estimate and maybe also indicate what the total OD fees are and let us know if you are going to be offsetting any of that revenue shrinkage with other actions?
Grayson Hall: Well, I will start and then I will let David add to that. We spent the last several months making a number of fairly significant modifications to our deposit systems in order to accommodate posting order changes as well as to accommodate the testing and forecasting of those changes. All of those modifications have gone well and we are in a much better position today to understand what the implications of these changes might be. We will start piloting a number of these changes and in general, without getting too deep into the details, our approach is very much of a chronological-based approach to posting and our early numbers would indicate, as David said, that we could realize $10 million to $15 million a quarter reduction in service charges. That being said, you know, we realize that it's our job to figure out how to mitigate those service charge reductions. A lot of it is going to depend on customer behavior, but also we are looking at all of our deposit related products on how we price those products and how we deliver those products and we continue to believe that as we have in the past, as we make changes like this to find ways to mitigate those leakages, if you will, of non-interest revenue. We had a good strong and honest revenue quarter this quarter and so we think we are making some of the rights changes. David?
David Turner: Yes, Betsy, we really wanted to put something out there on posting order. It's a question we get frequently. It is based on running some models today but we really need to see what the customer behavior is going to be before we know and we will update you when we know. But we want to frame it up a little bit for you and just try to hit off the continued question there. I will tell you that, through a lot of changes that have happened in our industry, we have had almost $400 million worth of revenue taken out of our company that we have had to overcome and we created new products and services and we will do the same thing here as well. So the team is working hard to grow our revenue, regardless of changes that we see whether it be posting order or other changes we have to deal with. And so we don't have specifics on this just yet but we will continue to update you and find ways to mitigate this revenue and we will give you, as we get closer and run the pilot, we will give you better information to hone in on this number.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Yes, I guess, just if you can share with us anything regarding some of the assumptions that are behind the $10 million to $15 million. Is it a reduction in fee waivers? This is obviously a less bad number than some folks had been wondering or estimating out there. So I am just wondering if you could help us with some of those details?
Grayson Hall: Well, I think that clearly, as we went through our most recent assumptions and testing that, we have assumed a pretty static environment and that we are not putting assumptions in the model today that would be indicative of customer behavioral changes. We are assuming behavior to continue the way they have. We are not putting assumptions in there that we have less account attrition which is a potential. If this policy for some customers will be perceived as more friendly then you could argue that there is some account retention benefit, but we haven't modeled that in. So I think we have taken a very conservative approach to how we have modeled this. That being said, the best numbers will come when we actually pilot this in the first quarter and that pilot is really going to give us a much clearer view of that. I think that the primary issue, in our part, is being very transparent with our customers, making sure that we understand how this impacts customers and making sure that we don't lose our momentum in growing accounts as we have been throughout 2014.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald of Sanford Bernstein.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering about the buyback. Is your intention to utilize the full $350 million in buybacks over the remaining two quarters of the CCAR period?
Grayson Hall: That's what's in the plan, yes.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, and then switching gears to the ready advance. Could you update us on how much the ready advance fees might have been in the third quarter? I believe it was $6 million [ph] PPNR in the second quarter. And how does that trend in the third? And what's the time line for that going away?
David Turner: Yes. So the change in the third quarter and the second quarter, a pretty similar numbers that we had previously spoken about. By the end of the year, we will have converted everybody or stopped the ready advance program. Really by the end of November, we will have discontinued that. And we put forth other options for those existing customers in the ready advance product that they have today.
Grayson Hall: If you have you recall, we stopped offering the product in January of this year. And we are going through a couple of conversions. We broke the customer base up into segments. We are going to do a couple of conversion, follow those conversions to be completed before the end of the year. And I would say that, the drop off you saw from first quarter to second quarter was predominantly because of reduced enrollments. We took enrollments to zero. The drop off you saw. Really, from second to third quarter had to do with some limited amount of conversions. We still have, of the customers that we had in that product, probably 60% of those customers are still active today, but all of those customers will be converted, as David said, nearly end of November. None of that will be in our run rate for the first quarter. There will still be a limited amount in our run rate for the fourth quarter.
David Turner: Yes, in that product.
Grayson Hall: In that product.
David Turner: But they will be taking other products and then we will have loose revenue from NIR up into NII and that will be based on adoption rates for those customers.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, and that should happen partially in the fourth and then again in the first?
David Turner: Yes. That's correct.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, and then just to clarify Betsy's, on the posting order changes, we assume that $10 million to $15 million. We should start that in the third quarter of next year?
Grayson Hall: We will have very limited amount in the first half of the year and the rest of that, the balance of that will be in the third and fourth quarter of next year.
David Turner: And that's the plan right now. We will learn through our --
Grayson Hall: We will learn through the pilot.
David Turner: Through the pilot. So we are giving you the best information we have today and when the rights come back, we will modify accordingly.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thank you. And one more thing on the buyback, David. Just anything, you mentioned the $350 million buybacks are in the plan. Is there anything that would prevent you from doing that, that you can foresee?
David Turner: No. I don't.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys. I guess I will circle back on the expenses. Obviously good progress here and as we think about the full year guidance is down year-over-year. You have been down pretty materially year-to-date. So maybe boxing it in a little bit more for the fourth quarter, if you are comfortable doing so, and then thinking about the trajectory for next year?
David Turner: Yes, Matt. We are still working on next year. We will update you on that as we get closer towards the end of the year. We have a couple of conferences coming up. We will let everybody know. As it relates to our general philosophy, as you know, we are wanting to generate positive operating leverage. We have one of the lowest expense bases, but that being said, we focus on it quite a bit. That does not prevent us from making investments where we see the need to do that. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we increased positions about 183 million this quarter, and we put most of that in our revenue-producing, our revenue support roles, because we think that's the right thing to do. And at times, you will see the expense come before the revenue. We had the same issue about this time last year where we have tried to indicate we were going to make some investments. We feel very good about that. And so, long-term, we think we are doing the right thing.
Grayson Hall: Yes, Matt. We really are trying to take a very balanced approach, both from a revenue and expense standpoint. We realize that there clearly are investments that we have to make to grow and to manage our business better. But there is also opportunities for us to continue to increase the efficiency of our company. And so we take this very balanced approach to it to try to, if you will, fund our investments through savings efficiencies. We have been very aggressive, as you know, over the last several years, in branch rationalization. We do that on an annual basis. We are going through that process now, as we speak. And we are being more rigorous, more disciplined about that this year. Over the past seven years, we have closed a little over 19% or consolidated a little over 19% of our branch offices. You will see us continue to leverage that process to drive even more efficiency through our company. We still believe that branch is a very relevant channel. We are investing in all of our channels, including the branch channel. But we also believe that we have to manage those channels pretty dynamically. And so, as David said, as we get closer to the end of the year, through the appropriate opportunities we look to update you on some of our cost efficiency initiatives. And we realize, in this kind of a low rate environment that we have got to continue to drive that forward.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: As we think specifically about the third quarter expense base of the adjusted $826 million, is that a reasonable kind of run rate or base? Or should we gross that out for the provision for unfunded credit losses that was a credit?
David Turner: Matt, we are not giving you -- you have to build your run rate expectations. We only give specific guidance here. But I do think you need to factor in the unfunded commitment because that's a credit, one-time credit, that may or may not recur. And as you can tell, if you look at that other expense line item we have pretty lumpy, and its because of that expense and unfunded commitment. So that's $24 million going one way. We did have the Visa expense of $7 million that went the other way. And that shouldn't be recurring every quarter. But we have had that from time to time. So that's lumpy as well. That's a net $17 million that I think you ought to consider as you evaluate what you think our run rate would be.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Marty.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks: Hi, guys. I had a couple of different questions. One is, with the rating agency changes positively, David, do you think you can become a little more aggressive maybe and maybe using excess capital to start pulling down those debt cost and refinancing your debt given the improvement you are seeing there?
David Turner: Marty, that's a great question. We look at trying to get more efficient, if you will, from that funding cost standpoint. As you know, we pay a little over 5% after considering swaps, whatever page it is in our supplement. We look at that all the time and when the economics are right, notwithstanding rating agencies, if it makes economic sense for us to do that, we would love to take that out, use our capital, as you mentioned, and have a better run rate going forward. But it has to make economic sense. And as the rates have continued to come down, it's gotten a little less economical for us, but we look at it literally every day. So your comment is spot on. From a rating agency standpoint, we have gotten some improvement now with the rating agencies. And you know, we are looking to leverage hopefully, over time, even better ratings as we deal with our customers and also as we deal with getting our debt structure, if you will, as efficient and low-cost as we can.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks: And then Grayson, we talked earlier this year about the strategy of how you are looking at your customers differently, in the sense of what they like, what types of customers they were and you were talking about growing your customer base and deepening relationships. How are you seeing your new approach to the market and the customers as an advantage now to maybe serve a little bit more the underserved mass market in your markets?
Grayson Hall: Yes, Marty, as we have spoken before, we are servicing a little over four million households today. We have about a little over five million customers. And we are constantly trying to think through ways that we can be innovative from a product, for delivery standpoint to increase our satisfaction and our delivery of customer needs and we have offered a number of alternative products to try to bank more of the unbanked or underbanked. Obviously, we have a lot of competition in that space. And as you may recall, we introduced a suite of banking products directed right at that segment called Now Banking. And our Now Banking accounts for some 460,000 customers that we have added to that product suite. And we continue to see progress. As you saw from our numbers this time, we are growing households, growing accounts. We have got a number of borrowing segments that are growing as well as our depository segments are growing. We believe we are making good progress. I would tell you, it is early though, as we have rolled out this new strategy. And that I would say we are in the early innings of this. But the progress is good. And recently to try meet the liquidity needs of some of our customer segments, we rolled out a secured savings lending product and already have some 25,000 customers who registered for that product. So we are still trying to innovate in an environment that will meet customer needs. And I think your question is a great question, because at the end of the day, the only way to have a sustainable business is to be able to grow our customer base.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Hi, good morning, guys.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Good morning. David, I was wondering, your comments about, I know this is wrapped up into your general NIM guidance, but can you talk to us about, if rates stay as low as they are, the impact from the 10-year, whether it's on what your go-to reinvestment yields are, where premium amortization was this quarter and where it goes, and any effect on the pension expense for next year?
David Turner: Yes, I will start with the last one first. So pension, clearly, is rate driven and we will have seen what that looks like. I would caution you we were, through the low last year about this time and rates kind of spiked towards the end of the year which helped everybody's pension calculation. So it's a little premature, but you are spot on. A lower rate environment does cause an increased net net of pension expense. So we are going to watch that. It's too early to give you guidance on it. It will be embedded in what we give you later on in the year when we start going to last couple of conferences. I think from out from an overall NIM standpoint, rates are lower than what we had anticipated. Right now, we have done a lot of modeling to figure out what that might mean to us. And we have given you the guidance for the fourth quarter in that one to three, which may persist into to the first quarter. So we think we can do that one to three, making even through that first quarter. And I will tell you, Ken, this has been so volatile. We just need to wait and give us a little bit of time and see what happens. If you look at really the domestic economy, everything points to a higher rate environment, but you have to start factoring in the geopolitical issues that are going on, the economies around the world. And so we are in a tough spot. And then of course, what is the Fed going to do over time. So we think, we believe rates will increase at some point, timing of which is uncertain. We continue to be asset sensitive. We think that's the right thing to do. But if rates stay low longer, we will continue as everybody else will have pressure on NII and resulting margin. So that one of the three right now, I think, could carry us a couple of quarters.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: And within that, can you just tell us what the premium amortization number is for this quarter? And is any change to that built into your outlook?
Grayson Hall: It is. Our premium amortization did increase a bit over the quarter. We were at about $40 million of amortization this quarter and I think last quarter it was $36 million. So it did you pick up a bit. But that is built into our overall guidance.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Okay, and then my other question just is about, you have still a couple of sizable loan categories that continue to shrink well past, I think, anyone's original expectations, whether it's the owner-occupied bucket, the commercial real estate mortgage and then the second-lien home equity. Any line of sight in terms of finally getting to the bottom on those categories from an originations versus runoff perspective?
David Turner: Ken, let's take owner-occupied real estate. That generally is our small business customer. And small business formation has been down in 2014 quite a bit. And we really need to see and want to see the demand from that customer. It is our bread and butter. It is really a segment that we can demonstrate our Regions 360 that we talked about just a minute ago with Marty's question, and a lot of services that that customer base needs. The problem is, we just don't see that demand. We see reluctance as we talk to those customers in terms of wanting to borrow for expansion, given all the uncertainty that exists, whether its political, whether its domestic, whether its what's going on in Europe, Ebola. All kinds of issues are factoring in into the concerns of the small business owner. So we are going to work really hard. Have been. We are going to step it up even more so in terms of that owner-occupied base to deal with what the main issue is, and that is amortization. Those have a tendency to be term loans that amortize. And so you have to have production going just to stay even. So we think we can slow that decline. In the home equity second-lien, a lot of that has been refinanced away. Some of it's deleveraging by the consumer. We have started to see that pace to decline slower than it has been over the early part of the year. Some of that has gone into our new product, our home equity loan product. And so we think those are the two, we hope over time in the balance of 2015, that we see those declines slow down and that married with the production, we think we can have a reasonable forecast of loan growth in 2015. That of which we will update you on again towards the end of the year.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: For all that color, David, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sameer Gokhale of Janney Capital Markets.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Capital Markets: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. A couple of questions. The first one, just to go back to the buybacks, and I was curious about your thinking behind buybacks. Why you didn't buy back any stock, it looks like, in Q2 and Q3? Clearly, you had the authorization in place certainly for this quarter. But how are you thinking about buybacks? You are going to buy back more stock, but why didn't you buyback anything in Q2? If you would just help me think about that, given that loan growth, I don't think it was particularly strong. So were you anticipating faster growth? And how should we think about that? It just seems like you have a lot of excess capital here. A perspective would be helpful.
Grayson Hall: I will say a few words and ask to do it. We put our capital plan together roughly a year ago. It was in the fourth quarter last year and we put that capital plan together. We clearly had to make some assumptions around what we thought the forecast for economic activity was going to be. And quite frankly, some of the things have turned out better than we forecasted, some worse. Clearly economy's recovery been slower than we anticipated. Our organic loan growth has not been as strong as we had thought that would potentially be at that point in time. And alternative investments have not turned out to be as strong as we might have liked. That being said, we were very confident in our plan. We felt like it gave us an awful lot of flexibility. We thought it put us in a position to continue to strengthen our balance sheet, strengthen our capital position and we were confident in that plan and we have been executing that plan. And as David said, now we are at the point where we are ready to finish off the task that we had put into that plan. I know there has been some questions about why we planed it that way and why we backend loaded this. But again, we used the best forecast we thought we had and we still are confident that was a good plan. David?
David Turner: Yes. I think going into the year, loan growth, if you go back to the first quarter, loan growth was more robust for us. We really want to deploy our capital to grow our business. We think that's why the shareholders gave us the capital to begin with and giving it back to the shareholders is what we will do when we haven't been able to deploy it otherwise. So we put it intentionally in the back half or in the back half of the plan. And we had no objection to that plan and we are executing in accordance with that. Once you build a plan and submit the plan, that's what the plan is. There is not really an opportunity to go back and change that plan easily. So we are going to execute of course with it. And you should see us wrap that up by the first quarter of 2015.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Capital Markets: Okay, that's very helpful. And then I am going to ask you a question that's more of a high-level question and one that I could probably ask CEOs of other banks as well, Grayson. But what I would love to get your perspective on is that you and other banks have been focused on the efficiency ratio and lowering expenses. And of course I think in any cycle, any given point in time, banks would like to be more efficient rather than less efficient. I think that goes without saying. But having said that, as you think about your business and you think about the environment we are in, it sounds like you might, with your reductions in headcount and this probably applies more generally across the board, it suggests that you and other CEOs really aren't very optimistic at all about growth going forward. And I know the hope is that interest rates at some point will increase and give a top-line benefit. But having said that, from a business planning standpoint, how do you think about continuing to reduce headcount going forward in terms of running the business? You seem to be planning for more of a continued slowdown going forward. Is that accurate? And I would just love to get your thoughts on that. Thank you.
Grayson Hall: I appreciate the question. I think it's a great question. I think its one that a lot of banks are trying to answer. I think my answer would be more optimistic than the picture you just painted. I think that, we are seeing the opportunity to grow our business. We are seeing in the markets we operate in, given the strengths of the market that we operate in, we believe we have got an opportunity to grow our business. And we do believe that while the economy is improving slowly, it still is improving. And we are seeing signs of that improvement across all of our markets. I have said it internally and I will say it externally. We have made a lot of progress, but we still have a lot of work to do. I don't believe we have even started to really demonstrate what the power this franchise can be going forward. I think the progress we have made in 2014 really lays a solid foundation for what we could potentially do in 2015. But we are growing customers. We are growing households. We are growing our business. I think the third quarter was slower, from a loan demand, than we had anticipated. But if the trend continues, we are more optimistic for the fourth quarter, knowing what we know today. So all that being said, as optimistic as we all are, we still have to be prudent and I think that we have to have this balanced approach to both investing to grow but looking for efficiencies around the company that allow us to, if you will be, to be able to hedge that forecast.
David Turner: Yes. I would add. I do think that the investments in people that we made mentioned, I mentioned that on the comments, roughly 183 during the quarter, but we have done some things to cut back on headcount. So we had consolidated 30 branches. We started that in the fourth quarter last year, finished up in the first quarter of 2014. And when we do that, we have a reduction in staffing levels as a result of that. So that's an example of where we use our excess capital. We would take a charge for that, but then we were able to consolidate, get a reasonably quick payback as we consolidate and take those customers from one branch into another. So just looking at headcount numbers can be a little misleading in terms of what our commitment is to grow our business because we believe our biggest opportunity is revenue growth and we will get that by making prudent investments in people and businesses going forward.
Grayson Hall: Well, there is not just people. Our physical footprint, we are down under 15 million square feet. We continue to find opportunities to reduce our physical footprint, by 10% to 15% a year. And we think that continues. We are operating in a smaller physical presence. A lot of our branches are smaller. We have fewer branches. We also are doing the same thing in office space in our back office as we continue to consolidate space and there is number of different examples of the way we are trying to make sure that we get efficiency across the company.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you again. I appreciate your responses. I know I could have asked that of pretty much any CEO, and your perspective is very helpful. And then just a last quick one, if I may. Your capital markets pipeline going into Q4, I know the revenues were up a little bit, but do you see that spend continuing into Q4? Thank you.
Grayson Hall: Yes. I think we have made a pretty sizeable investment in people and product in our capital management group and in our capital markets group, and obviously, one of the bigger products in that group is in this interest rate environments, not been there for us. But the I think a little movement in rates and we could see a lot more production out of that group, but nevertheless with investments we have made, we continue to think we are grow the revenue out of that business.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rose of Raymond James.
Michael Rose - Raymond James: Hi, good morning. Just going back to the expenses, how should we think about the environmental cost? Are we back close to kind of pre-cycle normalized levels? Are there some more levers that you can pull to reduce some of those costs?
David Turner: Well, Michael, we always can reduce costs and build efficiencies. We do that. We have a whole team and that's what they are focused on. Helping each business, each support area, look at how we might improve workflow, it gets harder from where we are. We have worked over the past few years reducing our overall expenses to support our business, but that being said, we can continue to do that. Over time, we mentioned our overall efficiency ratio being with a rate increase in the 55% to 60% area. We are at 63% and change today. We have a group that we invested in. It's a Six Sigma group that is looking for top process improvement to do two things, one to increase revenue and we mentioned that, I think, on our last call, where we have changed process and helped us increase revenue in things like indirect auto. And we have also use them to help from an efficiency standpoint on the cost side. So I think we can always look at how to improved there. We have had changes in our OREO and held-for-sale kind of credit related expenses there. We had some benefits gains on sale that don't repeat. And those are harder to replace. We do focus on consulting expense. We focus on our legal expenses. In all those, we have opportunities to continue to wind down or reduce overtime.
Grayson Hall: And Michael, I would tell you, and I would agree with everything that David said, but there is one additional area. If you look at the investment we have made in risk management and compliance, this industry has faced a lot of new rules. And as we have gone through those new rules and regulations, we have used awful lot of human resource to ensure compliance with those rules and regulations and as we have opportunity to invest in technology and recognized a lot of these processes, there is going to be some efficiencies and that's a tremendous effort on part of our company today is to find out how we can improve compliance and risk efficiencies through automation.
Michael Rose - Raymond James: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Grayson, as a follow-up, you have historically talked about having a more balanced loan mix between business and consumer. Can you update us on any sort of thoughts there and what the puts or takes are in getting there over time? Thanks.
Grayson Hall: We have been stating that desire strategically for some time that we would love to achieve a greater balance between business and consumer on our balance sheet in terms of loans outstanding. We have made a tremendous number of investments in the consumer lending products to try to accelerate that remixing, if you will, of the balance sheet. As you have seen, we have not been particularly successful at that. There has been more demand on the business loan side of our customer base. And as a consequence, our progress in that regard has been somewhat muted. Long-term, we still have that as a strategic desire on our part to achieve a better mix. That being said, we have to take advantage of what the market offers us in any given economy. And so, still a goal that we are working on but not there yet.
Michael Rose - Raymond James: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Good morning. My first question, just on the LCR, David. How much is the securities portfolio going to grow as you march towards compliance in 2015? Or are we really going to see a remix of your balance into HQLA? And I assume that the one to three basis points in terms of forward guidance for the NIM considers that?
David Turner: Yes, Erika. It did, in fact, consider that. We see very little change in mix. I was trying to address that earlier in my comments that we have pretty large securities book. We were happy with the rules that came out. And we don't see any problem becoming compliant 2016 without any meaningful changes to our balance sheet mix. So you shouldn't expect any type of significant change or increase in our securities book.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Got it, and just wanted to follow up to Ken's question. Another institution had helped us think about the potential incremental cost of funding your pension next year by giving us some guidance for every 25 basis point in increase in the discount rate that that would turn into an incremental cost of X. Could you similarly help us think about that impact next year?
David Turner: We will. I don't have that committed to memory. We do have some sensitivity in our 10-K that would be a little helpful in terms of what the change in the discount rate does. So that would be place that you could go look. But I will have List and Dana follow-up on that.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning, Grayson. Thanks for taking my question. Just David, maybe a question for you. You noted that a 100 basis point increase in the curve would generate about $160 million of incremental NII. If I am reading the 10-Q correctly, that's up from about $111 million three months ago. Could you give us a little more color as to what the components were that drove that increase?
David Turner: Matt, I am not sure what you are looking at. You should have actually seen it come down. We had about 6% change in NII as a result of 100 basis parallel shift, which was about $190 million the quarter before, coming down to about $160 million. I think it is with that should -- we will go back and take a look at that. But we essentially took a little bit of our asset sensitivity off with trying to protect ourselves a little bit on the down rate environment. It proved to be the right move given where we are today. But I think that we are still pretty asset sensitive at about 5% of NII. So we took one point off and round numbers from the second to third quarter.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, my apologies. I will follow up with List on that. And then just on fee revenue, a couple of the other banks that have already reported have suggested, even though it's very early days in the fourth quarter, the lower rate environment has actually generated some positive growth in refinancing volume. And I am curious if you can give us some color as to how you are thinking about the mortgage banking fee revenue line heading into the fourth quarter.
Grayson Hall: Absolutely, we have been looking at the mortgage rates and the opportunity as the rates have moved to a more favorable position for that business, that the refinance opportunity could accelerate. I would say that we haven't seen that shift yet, but we do anticipate that if the rates continue to stay at this level for over the next few weeks, we will see an increase in refinance. As you may recall, refinance has been a lower percentage of our production than most of our peers. And so it will probably have a more muted impact on us than some of the peers that you are looking at, but we do anticipate an increase in refinance activity. But it is also makes home affordability for the repurchase better as well. So we think it's good for the mortgage business. I will ask David to give any specific comments on it.
David Turner: Yes. I think one, we need to let this settle a bit and see whether the mortgage rates actually following and for how long. It takes a while for all that to get into the market. Clearly, if you are resetting 15-year rates in the three range or below and 30-year rates in four range or slightly underneath that, you will see another way to refinance activity. If you look at our supplement, on page nine you will see our refinance activity did pick up a bit in the third quarter. We are up about 7% from where we were in the second quarter. Hard to tell, though, whether that was just really rate driven or just normal activity coming through in the third quarter. So we are looking into that. We will give you better guidance as we see what the impact might be.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. That's helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC Capital Markets.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. The first question, just circling back to your comments about loan growth. Clearly, on a year-over-year basis, the loan growth has been very muted and it's below the industry loan growth, as evidenced by the H8 data we receive from the Federal Reserve on a weekly basis. Would you say that the slower loan growth is more due to your customers? You indicated some of your customers are still concerned about the operating environment. Or is it more your more conservative underwriting standards that you are using that maybe your competitors are not?
Grayson Hall: I think it's really a combination of factors. I think one is that most of the loan growth over the past several quarters has been in the upper end of commercial middle market and into the corporate space, which we were very active there, but candidly the bulk of our businesses has been in the middle market and into the small business owners. We mentioned a moment ago, I think David spoke about it, we have not seen the strength of the small business owner come back yet like we have other parts of the business. So I think one just a mix of our customer base, has caused us to be a little bit more muted or more moderate than some of our competitors. I think also given what this organization has gone through over the past several years, we are just very disciplined, very prudent about credit underwriting at this juncture. And so we would attribute part of our differential between some of the peers to be the credit culture that we have tried to build at this company. And I think the third issue and we alluded to it earlier, there were a number of one-off transactions in the third quarter that we had not anticipated and were not normal part of our portfolio and that was a factor. And I think the last point was that we did just see, and I think many of our competitors acknowledge this as well, as third quarter was more moderate than anticipated. All that being said, again, we are pretty optimistic at this juncture given the way the last month of the quarter performed and the way the early days in the next quarter are starting to perform. So we feel better today about where the economy is headed.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Grayson, have you seen any evidence, obviously you guys monitor your customer base very carefully over the years, that you are actually losing customers to competitors because they are being much more aggressive in their underwriting standards?
Grayson Hall: No, I would say that we think that our numbers would indicate very clearly, we are still growing our customer base and still deepening the relationships we have with existing customers. We spend an awful lot of time not only analyzing transactions that we win but also transactions we lose. And quite frankly, we aren't winning as many prospect transactions as we would like to. And that's probably true of every competitor we got. We all are wanting to win new customer relationships. It makes sense for the customer. It makes sense for us. I would say that we have seen more non-bank competitors enter into our space, than we have seen before. There is a tremendous amount of liquidity in the marketplace. And so you do see, not only competition from non-banks, but you see the competition from the debt markets. And that being said, we have to complete and we have to adjust and we are doing that. And our loan growth may be more moderate than we had anticipated, but we still have growth and we still anticipate growing our outstandings.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: And then my other question is on the capital. Obviously your capital ratios are very strong with your Basel III Tier 1 number again over 11%. Do you guys ever see a day when you can give back more of that so that it comes down to a number you are more comfortable with? You look at your return on equity today on a stated book basis and it's under 8%. Your stock obviously trades at a discount to book, suggesting you are not earning your cost of capital. I know on a return on tangible common equity, you are up over 9%. But how do you get rid of all this excess equity? When you look out over the next three years, let's say, because I know CCAR has a lot to do with how much you can give back and you are limited to maybe your earnings in a current year. But what do you guys envision on how to get rid of that excess equity to get that ROE up to a point where your stock and trade above book value?
David Turner: Yes. Gerard, this is David. It's a great question, and I will tell you, I would rather have that problem than be on the other side of the fence.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: I agree.
David Turner: Which is where we were at a time. So we do acknowledge that having excess capital is not doing any good and that we need to have an optimal capital stack. That means not only in total, but the components that make up that. And we will adjust that over time in both the components of the capital stack as well as the share number. It's obviously a little more difficult to work, given how we have to approach capital, at least how we perceive we need to approach capital relative to CCAR. But how we manage our capital, that's our call. That's what our Board does. We have a whole process and I do think, over time, you will see those capital numbers rationalize. It will be through a combination of utilizing that capital to grow our business, which is really what we want to do when the opportunity is there. We talked about having acquisitions of product lines like we did our credit card portfolio a few years ago. We looked at using that capital to buy non-banks and looking at bank acquisitions when those opportunities arise and then returning it to the shareholder so that we don't keep piling it up because we realize the return on tangible common over time with the denominator continuing to grow becomes pretty difficult. So we will and do envision the time where we can rationalize.
Grayson Hall: But you look at it and I think we are in a transition phase. Our capital planning process has gotten much formal, much more sophisticated and our confidence in that capital planning process is much hard today and it continues to improve. And at the same time, we derisk our loan portfolio tremendously. And so we have more confidence in how our loan portfolio will perform going forward. All of those are things that give us confidence in how best to deploy capital and at what level to deploy. As we get a better economy, it would be our hope that we would have more organic opportunities to deploy that capital, but also think as the economy recovers that we are going to have opportunities, as David said, to acquire and how you define what we acquire will be a mix of opportunities. But I think at the end of the day, if those things don't prove to fruition then we have the opportunity to return that to the shareholder in the form of dividends or buybacks. And I think that we are in a transition that's a little bit uncertain but it gets more certain each and everyday.
David Turner: Gerard, I will add one last thing, you mentioned cost of capital. One of our goal clearly is to reduce our cost of capital and that comes with a good sustainable performance, solid performance quarter in and quarter out, such that our cash flows are more predictable and we think we have done that. But the market is saying not quite yet. And we hope over time, the market realizes our sustainability of this cash flow to get our cost to capital down and again optimizing the capital stack would be another way to get that cost to capital down, and we will do that.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Guys, thank you very much.
Operator: Your question will come from Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research: My questions have already been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore.
John Pancari - Evercore: Good morning. Just a quick question on margin. Can you give a little more color on the increase in the interest-bearing deposit costs in the quarter? It looks like a couple of items went up including your CD costs by about four bips or so. So I wanted to get a little bit detail on why we are starting to see a lift in some of these deposit items.
David Turner: Yes. There is really no story there. That could just be mix on a given customer. We have run some tests to try and see what might happen if we go a little longer on some CDs in particular to see what the markets acceptability to have some of those. So that could be a piece of it. But there is really not is big story there or a trend that you should expect going forward there.
Grayson Hall: But we have runs market test. And obviously one of the risk we have is when rates go up, what sort of pressure does that put on customer deposits and we have run a number of sensitivity tests in some markets to be able to prove our theories and so you will see some of the interest rate numbers, individually, go up a result of some of those. But they are temporary nature and overall our deposit cost continues to remain stable.
John Pancari - Evercore: Okay, all right, and then secondly, also on the margin. On the securities yields, I just want to confirm that the bulk of that 11 basis points decline linked quarter, what drove that and how much of that was premium amortization in terms of the bips impact on the yield? And then also curious about your new pricing? Or your pricing on your new auto loan originations or spreads, if you can't give us the upfront yields? Thanks.
David Turner: Yes. So the securities yields, they are down 11 basis points. Obviously reinvesting in just a lower rate environment but the premium amortization is also about half of that number. We did also shift out of corporate bonds as spreads changed and that we think that that was the right thing to do. You see your corporate bond portfolio will have declined. You asked about audit spreads. There was really no change there. Obviously it's a very competitive environment to be in indirect auto but we had about seven basis points contraction during the quarter, but we still feel good about that overall yield and spread that we have. I think you can just see -- those can change, only dependent on what mix you are putting on the books. But our overall yield on that indirect as you see in our supplement, was $3.39 million versus $3.46 million last quarter.
Grayson Hall: Yes. And as that market segments become more competitive, we have adjusted our pricing strategies to ensure that we have got the right mix of tenure and rate and that it's appropriately risk-based priced. And so you will see a little bit of shift in yield as adjust our strategy because we want to make sure that we are staying in the right part of that market.
John Pancari - Evercore: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions. I know the call is running long.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Richard Bove - Rafferty Capital.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Dick.
Richard Bove - Rafferty Capital: Hi, good morning. I am sorry to ask you a question after such a long meeting. But I am looking at these peer-to-peer companies and considering the fact that apparently the GSEs are now going to buy mortgages that have 3% to 5% down payments, and given your large, if you will, customer base in the, we will say the under-banked, I am wondering if a bank can get into the peer-to-peer business, number one and number two, if this reduction in the down payments to nonqualified mortgage levels allows some opportunity there?
Grayson Hall: Dick, you are really familiar with the markets we operate in across the Southeast and we think it's a valuable franchise because of those markets. But we obviously operate in some real communities where the opportunities are a little different, maybe than some of our peers see and I do think that there are ample opportunities in our market to be able to bank some customers that typically would not have qualified for mortgages. And we have been we been very methodical about the way we have approached that market and prudent about it. Obviously with the GSE, we are going to change the rules. We are watching that very closely with our peer. We are reading some of the same reports you are. It appears that they are pretty close to agreement on how do that and what the rules are on that. And I think we are very interested, if we can understand the rules and agree what risk we are taking, if we can make the economics work out on it, then we are encouraged. And so I do think you are absolutely correct. It's an opportunity for our franchise.
Richard Bove - Rafferty Capital: And the company, I was thinking, this lending club is about to go public. And I was looking at the prospectus and they are charging up to 20% rate on people who have FICO scores in the mid-600s and they are not making the loans, they are shifting the loan. They are a facilitator, so other people make these loans and they are taking, in some cases, as much as 6% overrides for finding the loans. And I am just wondering, would a bank ever be allowed to be a facilitator like that where it simply shifts the loans to other buyers and takes a fee for finding the customer, underwriting a loan and sending it along?
Grayson Hall: Well, that's a great question and we have every one of these, if you will, technology based lending solutions, whether its peer-to-peer or whether it's just that an origination position. We have taken a hard look at every one of them and I think it's a good question. Quite frankly, we have got a number of competitors, that their rules of engagement are different than ours. And so you know today in our environment some of that type of lending, I just think we have to stay away from. But that being said, there are still a lot of opportunities in that space and we have got a team of really talented people that continue to look at it. We think innovation is a big part of how we bank the consumer going forward on both the deposit and the lending side. And some of these solutions that you are seeing are going to play out and some of them are. And it's our challenge trying to figure out who winners and losers are in that space.
David Turner: Dick, this is David. You had mentioned really banking kind of funding somebody else. What we would like to and are looking at is how those parties actually bring the customer to the table so that those are our customers where we can have a deeper relationship than whatever that one-off loan is. And so that really seems to be the better alternative versus being a funding agent, if you will, for somebody else's customers. But as Grayson mentioned, things are changing pretty rapidly and we have to be able to adapt and deal with this on a prudent basis and obviously within the confines of our regulatory regime that we have.
Grayson Hall: But a lot of financial products are moving out of the traditional banking space and we have got to learn to compete with them but compete under the rules that we operate under.
Richard Bove - Rafferty Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Grayson Hall: Thank you. That's our last question. And we appreciate everyone's participation, everyone's interest we will stand adjourned. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: List Underwood - Investor Relations Grayson Hall - Chief Executive Officer David Turner - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Keith Murray - ISI Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Paul Miller - FBR Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Ken Usdin - Jefferies Gaston Ceron - Morningstar Equity Research Erika Najarian - Bank of America Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Gerard Cassidy - RBC Richard Bove - Rafferty Capital Markets Chris Mutascio - KBW John Pancari - Evercore
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula, and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only, at the end of the call there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
List Underwood: Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation on our call this morning. Our presenters today are Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner. Other members of management are present as well and available to answer questions as appropriate. Also, as part of our earnings call, well be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Finally, let me remind you that in this call and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. For further details, please reference our forward-looking statement that is located in the appendix of the presentation. With that said, I will turn it over to Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, List, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Regions and participation in our second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Today we reported earnings of $292 million or $0.21 per diluted share. Overall, we are pleased with our results, which reflect our steady progress as we continue to effectively execute on our business plans. Total revenue was diversified among product lines and increased 2%. Meanwhile, our adjusted expenses decline, improving our adjusted efficiency ratio 270 basis points, 64.2% and importantly, our number of customers and quality households increased again in the second quarter. We are continuing to build on our solid foundation by focusing on the fundamentals. This quarter we grew loans, deposits and checking accounts. In addition this quarter, we were able to increase our shareholder dividend to $0.05 per quarter. Through the first half of 2014 loans increased $1.9 billion or 2.6%. Business lending had delivered strong growth this year, which has become more broad-based geographically and by industry time. We are seeing momentum in our upper middle market sector as companies are beginning to demand credit, the competition remains elevated in this lending segment. On the consumer side, credit card and mortgage balances increased and indirect auto portfolio continue to expand. Growth in indirect lending portfolio was driven in part by process improvement initiatives instituted earlier this year. These initiatives improve loan processing automation and increased pull-through rates on loan closings. As a result, sales production per dealer has increased 18% in the first half of 2014. Across the organization we are focused on driving process improvement to reduced variability, improve processes and performance, and accelerate efficiencies and effectiveness. As with indirect auto example, our efficiency initiatives extent beyond expense reductions and also focus on ways to enhance revenue, we currently have several initiatives underway to optimize loan processing, enhance the customer experience, develop small business online banking capabilities and much more. We are also continually working to identify customer needs and provide customers with the type of products and services they want and need, while making it easier to do business with Regions. It is the personal dedication from every associate that is making the difference at Regions. This commitments not only from our customer facing associates, which are regularly recognized for their excellent customer service, but also for the back-office support associates who are constantly working to improve our processes, our products and our technology. While the economic environment continues to improve and recover, we are staying focus on the things we can control. This quarters decline in interest rates makes topline revenue growth even more challenging. However, we are committed to our prudent credit standards in order to increase revenue. As a result, our asset quality continues to improve, as net charge-offs, non-performing loans, trouble debit restructurings declined in the second quarter. In order to create a more streamlined corporate structure focused on execution, we recently realigned our business units and geography leadership creating a general bank with consist of businesses and serve retail wealth management and business. And a small bank and a corporate, which consist of businesses that serve middle market and large corporate plants. Importantly, we believe this realignment creates a more effective model for executing our business strategy, managing our performance and most importantly, serving our customers. To close, we are pleased with this quarters results, but we realized we must continue to remain focused and find ways to optimize our franchise in order to create long-term shareholder value. I will now turn it over to David Turner, who will cover the details of our second quarter results. David?
David Turner: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Lets take a look at the detail starting with balance sheet. We achieved another quarter of steady growth as loan balances were up $833 million or 1.1%. Notably, both our business and consumer lending portfolio grew as total loan production increased 22%, reflecting an improving economy. The business lending portfolio totaled $48 billion at the end of the quarter, an increase of 1% from the prior quarter. The increase was primarily driven by commercial and industrial loans, which grew $888 million or 3%. C&I growth was led by our general industries group within the geographies, as well as our asset base and specialized lending groups. In particular, our technology and defense group achieved solid growth. In addition to the seasonal impact we typically experience in the second quarter, we are seeing an increasing number of commercial customers utilizing loans and lines to fund working capital, general financial needs and to some extent M&A. C&I loan production increased 26% and loan -- line utilization increased 30 basis points quarter-over-quarter. Meanwhile, commitments for new loans increased $1 billion. While ending investor real estate balances were down slightly from the first quarter, average balances were up. We expect to benefit from some incremental growth over the remainder of the year in this important loan category. Total consumer lending increased $206 million linked quarter and represented 38% of our total loan portfolio at quarter end. The growth in the consumer portfolio was led by indirect auto lending. Both balances and production increased 5% from the prior quarter. With our focus on process improvement and a positive outlook for auto sales, we expect continued growth in this portfolio. Credit card balances increased $28 million or 3% from the previous quarter. This increase stems from a 14% increase in spending volumes and a 3% increase in new credit cards sales. We expect balance growth to continue over the remainder of the year. Mortgage balances were up modestly this quarter, as production increased 31% linked-quarter and applications increased 18%. Also mortgage prepayments typically linked to refinancing activity slowed from the previous quarter. Originations continue to be driven by new home purchases and represented 76% of total originations. Total home-equity loan balances declined $84 million as loan payoff continued to outpace new production. Total home-equity production increased 32% from the previous quarter. Importantly, as customers home values increased, they are taking advantage of both the fixed rate home equity loan product, as well as the variable rate home equity line product. Our direct consumer lending portfolio totaled $1.2 billion at the end of the quarter, an increase of 4% from the prior quarter. We currently have several new initiatives and products under development that we anticipate will further expand this portfolio overtime. Looking ahead, based on what we know today and reflecting our current economic forecast, we continue to expect 2014 loan growth to be in the 3% to 5% range. Lets take a look at deposits. Deposits continue to grow increasing by $429 million during the second quarter. Similarly, low-cost deposits grew by $697 million and continue to account for the majority at 90% of total deposits. Deposit costs remained at historically low levels and totaled 11 basis points, while total funding costs declined to 31 basis points in the second quarter. We continue to expect 2014 deposit growth to be in the 1% to 2% range for the year. Lets take a look at how this impacted our results. Net interest income on a fully taxable basis was $837 million, an increase of $6 million. The resulting net interest margin declined 2 basis points to 3.24%. Net interest income was positively impacted by loan growth. However, this improvement was offset by lower asset yields and loan spread compression, resulting from the persistently low rate environment and competitive pricing pressures. Regions has been able to maintain a relatively stable margin, primarily due to improvements in deposits and borrowing costs, and due to the decline in rates that has persistent. Looking forward, we expect some modest net interest margin compression in the 5 to 7 basis point range. However, we expect to be able to grow net interest income concurrent with loan growth. We remain asset sensitive and expect to benefit from increases in both short and long-term rates. Therefore if the improvement in economic conditions translates into an increase in rates, we would anticipate lift the both net interest income and net interest margin. Lets move on to non-interest revenues. Total non-interest revenue increased 4% to $457 million in the second quarter. Service charges increased 1% from the first quarter, aided by an increase in checking accounts in the first half of the year. In addition, service charges are typically seasonally lower in the first quarter. Card and ATM fees increased 6% from the previous quarter. Debit card transaction volume increased 8% from the first quarter attributable to higher spending and the growth in checking accounts. Credit card income benefited from a 3% increase in sales of new credit cards, as well as spending increase. Now with respect to our ready advance product, as you recall, we discontinued offering this product to new customers in late January and existing customers will be phased out by the end of the year. While we were in this trial for short period of time relative to some of our peers, we learn how to offer small dollar credit to our retail customers in a more effective manner. We will take this knowledge and build on our commitment to providing all of our customers with credit solutions that meet their needs. But we don't know how many of these customers will avail themselves of our credit products, just to help you frame it up, the contribution from the ready advance product on a pretax basis was approximately $6 million this quarter. And to remind everyone, we have successfully dealt with many legislative challenges that have impacted our non-interest revenue to a greater degree than the ready advance product, which gives us confidence in dealing with these changes looking forward. Lets turn to the expenses. We continue to focus on controlling expenses and our results reflect those efforts. Adjusted non-interest expenses totaled $827 million in the second quarter, down 2% linked-quarter. Salaries and benefits declined 3% from the first quarter, the majority of which was related to lower payroll taxes and benefits. In addition, year-to-date, we have reduced overall headcount by 839 positions or 3.5%, primarily driven by new branch optimization staffing strategy and the impact of recent branch consolidations. Deposit administrative fees declined $9 million, primarily related to our refund from previously incurred fees and going forward, the run rate is expected to be similar to that of the first quarter. Although, our adjusted efficiency ratio improved to 64.2%, we remain committed to driving continued efficiencies across organization. We continue to expect full year 2014 adjusted expenses to be lower than those of 2013. Lets move on to asset quality. We continue to make progress in the second quarter as many credit metrics improved. Net charge-offs totaled $67 million, which represented 35 basis points of average loans. The provision for loan losses was $35 million or $32 million less charge-offs. Our non-performing loans declined 16% linked-quarter and inflows of non-performing loans declined 8%. At quarter end, our loan-loss allowance to non-performing loans or coverage ratio was 137%. In addition, total late stage delinquencies declined 2% and total debt restructurings or TDRs declined 15%, driven by payoff and paydowns. And while total criticized loans increased from the previous quarter, classified loans continue to decline and just to be clear, the results of the shared national credit exam have been reflected in the results for this quarter. Based on what we know today, we expect favorable asset quality trends to continue. However, at this point in cycle, volatility in certain metrics can be expected. Lets move on to capital and liquidity. Our capital position remains strong as our estimated Tier 1 ratio at end of the quarter stood at 12.5%. Our estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio was 11.6%, an increase of 20 basis points from the previous quarter. We estimate our fully phased-in Basel III common equity Tier 1 ratio to be 11%, well above the minimum threshold and liquidity at both the bank and holding company remains solid with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 82%. Importantly, based on our understanding of the proposed rule, regions remain well-positioned to be fully compliant with respect to the liquidity coverage ratio. Now, in summary, our second quarter results continue to build on the momentum established earlier in the year. We believe that by focusing on our customers and by creating products and services that meet their needs, we will grow our customer base, deepen existing relationships and strengthen the communities in which we operate. Furthermore, we continue to create and foster an environment that attracts and retains top talent, allowing us not only better serve our customers but also successfully execute on our strategic priorities, all of which we believe will ultimately create long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you for your time and attention this morning and I will now turn it back over to List for instructions for the Q&A portion of the call.
List Underwood: Thank you, David. We are ready to begin the Q&A session. In order to accommodate as many participants as possible this morning, I would like to ask each caller to please limit yourself to one primary question and one related follow-up question. Now, lets open up the line now for your questions, operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Keith Murray of ISI.
Keith Murray - ISI: Thanks. Let me just spend a minute on trends behind the service charge on deposits, basically flattish quarter-over-quarter, down a little year-over-year. Whats going on behind there?
David Turner: From a service charge -- Keith, this is David. Honestly seasonally low in the first quarter, generally picks up in the second. We have had couple of things going on. First of, we are growing accounts which is encouraging. The customer behaviors have changed as well. From what we see, the customers are being more careful with how they manage their accounts and thats reflected in some of the negative in terms of our service charge line. We think the right thing to do is continue to create products and services that our customers need and will value. That is pay for what they get and we believe the way to continue to increase those service charge line item is through the customer growth that we are seeing and we have our -- all of our associates focusing on growing that line item.
Keith Murray - ISI: Thank you. And then just on the loan growth guidance, it looks like you're calling for a little bit slower growth in the back half of the year versus the first half. Where are you seeing little bit of decline in momentum category wise?
Grayson Hall: Ill answer and then Ill ask David to expand on it. We forecasted loan growth in sort of 3% to 5% range and we still feel thats an appropriate for us to forecast that at this juncture. We are seeing credit demand more broadly than weve seen in the past, which has been an encouraging improvement. I would just say that we have seen increased competition in that space as well, both from banks and non-banks. And so it is that activity is taking place, we still believe that were doing a great job of getting in front of customers, our bankers are some of the best and were winning lot of the business but given what were seeing now from both the demand and a competition standpoint, we still believe our forecast is in line. David?
David Turner: Yeah, we started, Keith, the first quarter, really strong start with several conferences and were asked why were in the 3% and 5% range when the run rate clearly would imply much larger. One quarter doesnt make a trend, two quarters didnt quite make a trend either. But as we look out and we see the demands for credit, larger corporate demand, still not seeing quite a small business demand that wed like to see and were still cautious about being beyond 3% to 5%. We want to make good loans, profitable loans. We are saying no more today than we have been as a result of some of the competitive pricing pressures and structure -- structures that we see. So right now, we still think 3% to 5% is a right number. We'll see what happens in the third quarter and update that on the next call.
Grayson Hall: Pipelines are robust. We still feel good about the pipelines. To Davids point, the production even in the small business sector has been good, its been encouraging but it hasnt resulted in lot of growth in outstandings because of payoffs and paydowns. But we still see -- continue to see awful lot of deleveraging taking place out of bank debt. And while the demand is picking up and we feel bullish about where the economy is going, we still -- we still are concerned about the level of competition and the level of alternatives for some of our borrowing.
Keith Murray - ISI: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks very much.
Grayson Hall: Good morning Eric.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning. I just wanted to follow up on a couple of the forward-looking statements. With respect to your operating expense lines, if we were to simply annualize the first two quarters here, wed end up achieving the guidance. So I guess my key question on this is should we expect incremental improvements from the second quarter $827 million level?
David Turner: Weve -- as I mentioned in our prepared comments, we continue to focus on expenses every day given the challenges in growing revenue. Our guidance has been year-over-year guidance which we want to stick with right now. But every line item that you see in and a lot of line items are underneath what you see in our public financial statements. We are working hard on every single one of those. Obviously, the driver on expense management -- the number one, our largest category is our salaries and benefits, occupancy. We continue to look at furniture and fixtures. We look at -- but were having savings in some areas and investments in others. We've invested an awful lot in regulatory compliance, given whats going on in our industry and but I think we can continue to become more efficient. Our efficiency ratio was down quite a bit from last quarter. We have given guidance that we would continue to work to the lower 60s over the year. How low we can go, well have to see. Large -- a big part of thats really the revenue side of the equation versus expenses.
Grayson Hall: And obviously also David, were clearly focused on positive operating leverage and while weve given guidance to our expenses this year to come in below last years final number. We are focused on trying to deliver prudent growth and to the extent that this growth were to exceed our expectations than obviously some of the compensation around that would also increase. But right now, we still feel good about our guidance.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: On the service component, is there incremental headcount reduction to come or is that largely through at this stage?
Grayson Hall: I would say the majority of the headcount reductions that resulted in the rationalization of our branch staffing and also rationalization of the number of branches. Those who were in the numbers today but we continue to look for efficiency opportunities across the company and still confident in our ability to driver those efficiencies out. So incrementally, there are still opportunity and -- but the parts you saw coming out of first quarter, it had a lot to do with some of the branch rationalization work we do.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: And if I may sneak in one more, can you -- I heard your comments on the asset quality outlook but how specifically should we think about the adequacy of the provision at this level down into the 1.4% range?
David Turner: Youre talking about the allowance.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Correct.
David Turner: We have a pretty sophisticated model that as we go through the exercise every quarter in terms of, determine -- determining what the allowance needs to be. We will continue to follow that. You know, as credit quality continues to improve in particular non-performing loans, TDRs and charge-offs gives us more confidence that the allowance level can come down some as well. Where that terminal value is, its very difficult for us to come up with. We had originally given you guidance on a range of 1.5% to 2%. We think we can go south of that number given the improvement of our credit quality. But we have been reluctant to peg exactly where we think that can get to because its really depends on what our model tells us. And so were going to stick to that.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. If I could follow up on the net interest margin outlook for down 5 to 7 basis points, I guess first to clarify, is that combined down 5 to 7 basis points for the back half of this year?
David Turner: Thats down from where were right now back half of the year. Thats correct.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Okay, so in total over two quarters potentially down 5% to 7%?
David Turner: Thats right.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then I guess just bigger picture, why is there the margin pressure? I guess if I look at short and medium-term rates, they haven't really changed. Obviously the tenure has come in. Is it some of the bond premium amortization or is it loan pricing or is it just that the shorter end of the curve hasn't moved up at all or all of them?
David Turner: We expected the short rates to be where they are. Long rates we have expected to rise a little bit towards the back half of the year, still do but the tenure persistently lower. If you look at LIBOR, LIBOR is down lower as well. So -- and I think its just this continued reinvestment that we are having to make with our cash flows in the lower rate environment that continues to put pressure on net interest margin. That being said, we continue to grow loan portfolio like we think we can. We think net interest income can grow commensurate with that loan growth that we will have. So from a competitive standpoint, we have -- we've been relatively stable from a margin standpoint. I think our peer average that we track were down about 6 points this quarter. And we've done relatively well but at some point weve got to -- it's going to catch up to us from a NIM standpoint. We've had deposit growth that we need to deal with, which is a good thing but you have extra cash flows put to work, some of that sitting at Federal Reserve where you dont get a lot of carry and they actually work against you from a NIM standpoint. So I would be overly focused on the NIM but we are going to have the challenges just like everybody else will have and our focus is really on growth of net interest income line.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that's helpful. And just separately, the deposit advance product, that has gotten a lot of focus and I think at $6 million a quarter, is materially less than people were fearing. Remind us is that included in the service charge on deposit? And if so, has there already been a little bit of decline in that product which is why the fees are flat or down $1 million year-over-year?
David Turner: Thats right. Matt, its all in the service charge line and so thats a result of discontinuation of new clients coming in January. Clearly, there has been some runoff there. That is reflected in the first and second quarter service charge line items, clearly a bigger impact in the second quarter than the first given our timing. So thats a little bit -- that may get little bit to Keiths point that he started with those service charges as well.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Miller of FBR.
Paul Miller - FBR: Yeah. Thank you very much. On the troubled debt restructuring, your TDRs, we know that there's a pretty hot market for that stuff right now and some of your competitors have been selling assets into that. I know you sold some a couple quarters ago, but I don't believe you sold any this quarter. Can you give me some thoughts -- are you just going to just let that portfolio run off or is there opportunities to sell that at some pretty good prices today?
David Turner: I think Paul if you look at the transaction that we had for the fourth quarter, we closed it in the first. It was unique. We felt given that pool of assets and pricing for that particular pool was the right thing for us to do. We continue to evaluate opportunities to sell assets, TDRs, when the economics make sense. And when the trade that makes us work, were not going to do it just to unload troubled debt restructurings. If you look at our TDRs, theres a disproportionate amount those that are paying us as agreed and accruing. We just have them in TDR classification because they met the definition of restructuring at the time. We do think that in particular in the commercial side, were seeing credit improve. You can see that in our metrics from classified to criticized assets as loans continue to improve and they've been upgraded to better categories. And so overtime, we think some of those TDRs will be payoffs. Again, they are paying us as agreed so there will be pay offs, there will be pay downs. And there will be some -- it just get better and upon renewal, those could go into different classification. So its really about three or four things working there to help us improve TDRs, but its all about -- the number one driver is asset quality improvement.
Grayson Hall: Will and Paul, I think additionally we look at the relationships we have with these customers and many of these customers may be in a TDR status, but they are paying as agreed and they have a deep relationship with our company. And so we take that into consideration. But to Davids point, we continue to look at this category, that's on our balance sheet and try to make the best decision for whats best long term for the company and our customers.
Paul Miller - FBR: And you don't take -- I mean you do take more of a capital charge with the TDRs, would you rather take that capital charge if you can maintain a customer? Is that what basically youre telling me?
Grayson Hall: I mean, I think to Davids point, we look at the economics and the economics is not only of the trade, but the economics is the value of that relationship on an ongoing basis.
Paul Miller - FBR: Okay. Hey, guys, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning, guys. So just to ask Eric's question a little different way. When we look at expenses in the back half of last year, there was a pretty big ramp. So I guess assuming your base case of 3% to 5% loan growth, assuming that does happen, should we expect to see a ramp from the current levels or do you think you can continue to keep expenses close to where we are today?
Grayson Hall: So if you recall last year, Ryan, we were investing quite heavily in our wealth management initiative and we had hired a number of people towards the second half of last year really to get that initiative up and running and we made a lot of progress on that, but that initiative is funded today. And so depending on what the opportunities are in the last half, we cant predict those. Right now, we are pretty pleased with where we stand from a staffing standpoint and absent any unforecasted opportunities to bring more talent into the company, we are going we think where we need to be.
Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Then Grayson, just on capital, unless I missed it in the release, you guys have one of the highest capital ratios of your peers. And it looked and if unless my math is wrong, it doesn't look like you guys used much of the buyback at all. Yet last year if I remember, you used over half your authorization right out of the gate. So can you just talk your decision to hold off on the $350 million or so buyback? I think we've seen a couple of others out there who have been constructive on the back half of the year utilizing large chunks early on, so I would be interested to hear your view on using capital.
Grayson Hall: Yes, absolutely, your memory is good. Last year were fairly early in the process of executing buybacks. And this year we submitted the capital plan thats different than year. We think weve done the right thing for our company, but it is a different plan than we executed last year. David?
David Turner: Yes, I think, Ryan, we -- let me just go through kind of steps on how we think about capital, clearly we want to get our dividend up. We want to use our capital for growing organically. We want to use our capital after that for growth of portfolios, growth of businesses, whether they be banks or non-banks and when that manifests itself to return it to shareholders. So we submitted our capital plan early January based on our third quarter of last year. Its been a while and we put in there specific capital actions that we would like to engage, including the timing thereof. And without being too specific, we are executing according to the plan that we submitted to our regulatory supervisors that didnt receive an objection. So you know what our buyback is, we made that public and we will execute according to that plan.
Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs: Got it. If I could just sneak in one other quick one, I know you noted that the SNC exam was in this quarter's results. I do think some of us were surprised that we did see a 24% increase in the special mentioned loans. Was this driven by the SNC exam? And if not, can you just give us some color as to what drove the quarter-over-quarter increase?
David Turner: Well, we cant comment specifically on regulatory activities. I tried to put that in my prepared comments that the results from that exam have been incorporated and what you see in our numbers. You also as you look at the classified and criticized schedule, its in our supplement. You will see the improvement classifieds moving some of that improvement moved into special mentioned. So net, net if you look at them together, we are up I think about 2%. We are still encouraged by the path of our credit quality. There is nothing that cause us to believe that our credit quality is turning to go the other way which I think is really what your ultimate question is.
Grayson Hall: As these credits migrate, you are going to see more credits move into that special mention category as that particular credit recovers.
Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Marty.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks: Good morning. Grayson, I want to ask kind of a strategic question. When you're looking at potential kind of pockets of further recovery, I look at the excess capital that's been built and it's continuing to go higher. You've got excess liquidity to deploy at some point and you've got the rate sensitivity that's sitting there. Can you just talk a little bit about strategically how you think of these three things and how you are wanting to use those for the best benefit of your shareholders?
Grayson Hall: Yeah, I think Marty as David was trying to articulate just a moment ago is that weve made a conscious decision to try to position our company in this way. We think its to our strategic advantage to position ourselves this way. We do know that weve got some excess capital relative to peers. We do think we still have pockets of recovery that is still occurring in the markets that we operate in and in the portfolios that we have owned our balance sheet. We think that every quarter puts us in a little bit better position and still confident and encourage by the progress we are making. That excess capital, excess liquidity is certainly something we discuss and work through from a strategy standpoint. I think that as we put together our capital plan for this year, we try to weigh those opportunities and what we thought timing of those kind of opportunities might be in. And we put our plan together accordingly. So if those growth opportunities dont occur as we thought or dont occur on the timeline we thought, we will make adjustments as we go forward, but right now we are pleased with our position. I anticipate questions on this issue, but we still remain pleased with where we are at.
David Turner: Yeah, Marty, I will add, from an excess capital standpoint, this gives us maximum flexibility to do some things. We realized that whatever those things might be dont manifest themselves that we cant continue to pile up capital and work against our return metrics and the fact that our common equity cost is still much higher than we want it to be. So we get the message. We know we have a plan for getting that deployed in a meaningful manner going forward. From an excess liquidity standpoint, we are sitting here with loan deposit ratio of 82%. We do have this new thing coming called the LCR, liquidity coverage ratio that we all need to be very careful on what that means to our industry. It is a big change, and of course we dont have the final rules, but we feel confident based on what we see today that we are going to be fully compliant with that. But that will have a different liquidity profile when its implemented than we do today. And so we need to be careful there. From an interest rate risk standpoint, we are continuing to be asset sensitive. We would love for rates increase some. Unfortunately given the economy, given a lot of geopolitical issues we dont know that we will see that in 14. We think perhaps we see that in the latter part of 15. That being said, we think our balance sheet positioning is the right thing for us at this time.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks: The other thing I was going to just kind of big picture is efficiency ratio. You've made a lot of progress in getting that down from like 70% into the low 60s. Traditionally the low 60s has kind of been where Regions has kind of plateaued so you've made a lot of progress even compared to historically where you've been with the ability to show at least when revenues pop on rising interest rates. So it just seems like to me the operating leverage is getting to a point where you could probably squeeze that pretty tightly and you're waiting on that next round to kind of get you down towards the 60% range.
David Turner: Yeah, I mean, Marty I think we work very hard. We made pretty solid progress on improving operating efficiency of the company and a lot of progress on the expense side of the income statement. Weve done a lot of things in terms of rationalizing our workforce and rationalizing our fiscal infrastructure. We reduced several million square feet of space, so we focused on a lot of process reengineering to take a lot of the labor out of different processes. So we feel pretty good about what we -- we feel encouraged by what we have done on the expense side. At the same time we face some pretty big challenges in terms of revenue generation. There have been a number of regulatory and legislative activities that challenged our other revenue side of our income statement. And so if you look at our challenges today, its much more apparent on the revenue than on the expense side. All that being said, we still are spending an awful lot of time and still finding opportunities to reduce expenses in our company and we will continue to do so. But we likewise are spending an equal amount of time trying to figure out how we generate revenues inside our company. Obviously an increase in interest rate would be very helpful to our revenues, but today we cant depend on that, we cant expect that to happen quickly. So we are finding other ways to do that. And we are growing households, growing accounts, and growing the debt of our relationships, our customers and then start to make a difference.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Hi. Good morning, Grayson. The first question just a follow-up on the service charges. Thank you for quantifying the deposit advance. So I was wondering if you could just help us walk through those changes in behavior that you've seen in other parts of the service charges and maybe how much is related to changes on the overdraft side and then also just your further expectations about trying to help us size overdrafts. And hopefully we'll get them someday, this expected rules what type of potential impact we are still looking at there?
Grayson Hall: Well, I think its a -- it maybe a challenge to our revenues, but I think its a good news for our economy. Were really seeing much more financial discipline out of the consumers which are banking with us. If you recall back several quarters ago, were predominantly a free checking provider and we went to fee eligible. So 97%, 98% of our accounts today are fee eligible based off of balances or transaction activity hurdles. And what we are seeing is people are managing to those requirements and doing a better job at that today than ever before. So they are carrying higher balances and we also are seeing customers who are avoiding overdraft activities. And so you are seeing better personal discipline around that. Its interesting you see the same thing on the card side both the credit card and debit cards, spending is up, strong double digits on those cards, but balances on the credit side continue to be modest. So we would just continue to say that the economy of the consumer appears to be getting stronger and the financial discipline around those customers appears to be better. As a result, a lot of the fees that we typically would have seen are not as strong as they were, but I actually think thats a good news and I also think that it bodes well for when deposit gathering franchises become valuable again. There will be a point when interest rate comes up and our ability to gather deposits is really the strength of this organization.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Okay. And then secondly on the wealth management side, I just noticed two of the three lines looked pretty good but the third line, the biggest one, the investment management trust fee income was a little light sequentially and year-over-year. So I just wonder if you can give us an update on either specifically what impacted that this quarter and also your take up and relative growth expectations for that wealth management business looking ahead. Thanks.
Grayson Hall: Yeah, Ken, I would tell you that the wealth management line item that you refer to was down a little bit. I would say there is nothing systemic there that we can grow that and expect to grow that. We do that by executing our Regions 360 approach, which is making sure that our bankers that are out there with customers are taking the folks in our trust area to their client to continue to grow that. It has been slower than we want, but we really have a pretty good focus on Region 360 and expectations on our sales folks to perform consistent with the shared value and the Regions 260 playbook that we put together. So we do think that that will get back on track and growing. It was down just a little bit so nothing really systemic.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gaston Ceron of Morningstar Equity Research.
Gaston Ceron - Morningstar Equity Research: Hi. Good morning.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Gaston.
Gaston Ceron - Morningstar Equity Research: Just had a quick question to follow up on the issue of competition for loans. Just curious are you seeing the nature and I guess the strength of competition play out any significantly different this time than during other previous cycles that you've been through? And is there anything particularly unusual about how the competition is sort of ratcheting up here compared to other times that we've seen this sort of thing happen?
Grayson Hall: Yeah. I can't really say how differently this is from other cycles necessarily. I think this one still is playing out, but what were seeing is that given the liquidity in the market, given the interest rate environments that in particular are upper middle market, corporate type credits help a lot of alternative, the public capital markets being one of those alternatives in. So were just seeing more customers taking advantage of the environment were operating in. And I think a longer it goes on, the more competition well see. And so underlying all that is incrementally more credit demand than weve seen in the past, we still are seeing strong pipelines for new business, but the competition around those relationships is as strong as Ive ever seen. And an awful lot of pressure on our bankers to get out in front of those customers and try to convince then the value of our relationship, but no doubt, there is a lot of competition, a lot of alternatives today.
Gaston Ceron - Morningstar Equity Research: Okay. Fair enough, thanks. And then just very quickly as a follow-up, I know you talked about some margin compression in the second half of the year here and I hear what you are saying about focusing more on growing NII than just looking at the margin. But just to follow-up on that, I'm just curious -- I mean I don't know if it's too early to look into the first part of 2015, but would you have any expectations that after this pressure in the second half here that things might stabilize on the margin front in kind of the early part of 2015 or is it just too early to say?
Grayson Hall: Well, your two questions are more interrelated than you might have initially thought because I think that when you look at the credit quality or the credits that were putting on the books today, its some of the best. I mean a lot of our corporate customers, they have an awful lot of liquidity themselves and less debt than they have historically carried. Their balance sheets are in much better shape. And so theyve got a lower -- from our standpoint, theyve got a lower risk rating, a better credit quality picture and can demand better pricing on credit. So as long as the economy continues to improve and as long as the credit quality of our borrowers continue to improve, its going to keep placing pressure on the margin as new loans come on the books and you saw that compression in our own loan yields this quarter. And I think that just sort of continues as long as were sort to own this glide plan. Hopefully, at some point in the future we start to see the interest rate environments modestly change upward.
Gaston Ceron - Morningstar Equity Research: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Yes. Thank you. Good morning.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Good morning. My first question is just on the LCR. As we look forward to the rest of the year and you think about balance sheet actions related to LCR compliance, do you just plan to remix your current securities cash flows into HQLA? Or should we expect the balance sheet to grow faster in the back half of the year? And also, does the NIM outlook for 5 to 7 basis points, does it include any impact from LCR friendly balance sheet moves?
David Turner: Hey, Erika, this is David. Our NIM outlook incorporates all activity, all actions that we would take. From an LCR standpoint given were well positioned, we have a relatively large securities book today. We have reinvested some of our cash flows into different investment classes like Ginnie Maes. We have a corporate bond portfolio. Well recirculate some o those cash flows out of that portfolio into Ginnies and other high quality liquid asset. So you should not expect a significant change in our makeup, especially relative to some of our peers. And thats a little bit of the beauty as to where we are with regards to our loan deposit ratio and the size of our securities book relative to some others.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Got it. My second question is just a quick follow-up on credit. If we think about encouraging loan growth signs, improving loan demand from here, as well as credit that continues to improve, but were probably along the bottom. How many quarters away do you think we are in terms of provisions starting to match charge-offs?
David Turner: Yeah. Thats a really interesting question. You say were here bumping along the bottom. I will say were encouraged by where our credit metrics have gone, but we expect them to continue to improve somewhat, the pace of which is a little uncertain. But today, were at 35 basis points, 62% of our loan book is commercial, our business services I should say. And so we think there's a room to continue to come down and its that pace of charge-offs that ultimately dictate how much reserve release we have and what ultimately our reserve levels need to be. So I dont know that weve quite gotten to the bottom of the bump along just yet. And so I think look at one thing, look at what our NPLs do, what would our inflows do and what would our charge-offs do to give you better information as to what a go forward level might be.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Okay, helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning, Grayson and David. Thanks for taking my questions. First of all, you mentioned that you are getting a little bit more demand for underwriting of home equity loans. Certainly make sense given the data that we have seen in terms of the improvement in home equity values. But I guess I'm just curious if you could give us a little more color as to how you are underwriting those and if there's any regulatory guidance that is being imposed on you in terms of trying to reduce the future rate shock on those -- on the HELOCs?
Grayson Hall: First of all, we have seen a shift in our equity product line. We have both the line of credit and are fully amortizing equity loan product. Youre seeing a shift where there is more production now in the line product than loan product, thats been a recent shift. I think an awful a lot of the loan production historically has been interrelated to refinance. In particular, the people who have small dollar mortgages, relatively small dollar mortgages and so as that refinance activity is going away, some has debt production. And so the line product is, youre seeing more production out of it. That production has been helped by the home appreciation values that weve experienced over the last several quarters, but still being very conservatively underwritten and much more conservatively underwritten than what you have seen previous to the economic recession. And so weve changed a lot of our product features, as well as changed a lot of our pricing around those features. And we in addition have changed a lot of our underwriting criteria in terms of loan to values. And as you look at the quality of that book and I can't state it off the top of mind, David may can, is that loan-to-value ratios are very solid. The credit scores were seeing on it are north of 700. And we have the product does begin amortizing. I believe if Im right, its a 10-10 product, 10 years interest rate, 10 years of amortization. And so we feel good about the product that were underwriting from a regulatory compliance perspective. And I think the new LTV is averaging around 60% on new production.
David Turner: Now Ill add a couple of things. We were a little different then most of us going into this -- into the recession relative to this product where we had basically a 20 year IO. We stop that to have a 10-10 product, as Grayson mentioned. The benefit, if you will, of having that is if you look at Page 13 of our supplement, youll see the future maturities of the home equity lines of credit we broke it down in first and second liens. And you can see what the resets are. They really dont even start until 2019 and the bulk of these are in 2026. As a matter of fact if you look at 2014, our resets are $128 million, $195 million next year. So we dont have the payment shock issue in the near term like some others have. I also point you to Page 11 in the supplement, where if you look at our credit quality, our improvement was pretty noticeable with regard to our home equity product. In particular, if you look at second lien improvement terms of charge-offs, so that product performance is very well. The credit quality has been well. Our pricing of that product before the changes when we grew the portfolio, were little challenging and as we use to prime minus a half and prime minus one, so thats been our bigger issue versus credit quality more payment shocks.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thank you for that information and then just in terms of the -- a number of your competitors have mentioned this quarter about not just looking at net interest margin particularly on the commercial relationships. You have to -- we in the analyst community have to look at the broader relationship and the fee revenue component that each relationship brings in. But if I look at that in terms of just the second quarter and maybe this is too short a view, year-over-year capital markets fee revenue was down a little bit year-over-year, commercial credit fee income is now down a little bit year-over-year. How are you thinking about growing those types of fees to improve the overall profitability of your corporate relationships, presuming rates don't really move up much before the end of 2015?
David Turner: Yeah. Thats a good question. Weve continued to make investments in our capital markets group for that purpose to continue to bring in new clients for us. We have new capabilities in terms of underwriting there that we started about a year ago. And I think if we stay focused to capital markets fees, while were focused on that, the interest rate environment is a big driver. A lot of those fees are really driven by some of our derivatives we sell into the market. Interest rate swaps to be more specific. And we have rate environment that is as low as it is with no real expectations for increases. Clients are reluctant to lock in, so they will just take the interest risk themselves. That will change in time and when it does, youll see that manifest itself in our capital markets income. We have other income streams. We continue to work on, you mentioned the relationship. This is maybe the single most important thing to take from our company is we are relationship bank. We have Regions 360, which means taking our entire bank to our client base. Not just -- you cannot be just a credit only shop. We have other products treasury management, capital markets, whatever the case -- insurance. We have other lines of business that our customers can use. And so it's really understanding the needs of our customer base and taking those lines of business and product and services and delivering those to the needs of the customer. That will be the differentiator for us over the long haul.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Gerard. Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Thank you. Thank you very much. Good morning. In terms of your loan growth, you gave us some color that you expect loans to grow in that 3% to 5% range and you talked about competition more recently being very strong. I guess the question I have though is your commercial real estate portfolio, both the investor-owned and owner-occupied, which has always been a strong part of your business, continues to steadily decline. It's not just this quarter of course as you know and I know you were derisking the portfolio and that program I was under the impression was completed. So I guess is what's happening to that portfolio as it continues to shrink? Is it something you just want to be smaller in that business or what's going on there?
Grayson Hall: Not at all. I would tell you that production on investor commercial real estates has been pretty strong. And we continue to believe there is opportunities to grow that portfolio. Wed obviously got to do that prudently and thoughtfully. And -- but were out finding ways to grow that portfolio everyday. The owner-occupied segment of that, just for clarification is heavily influenced by small business and medium size businesses. And a lot of this is the facilities that theyre operating out of and that portfolio continues to amortize and to pay down over time. We got lot of work that were trying to do internally around those particular lending segments to try to encourage that and were seeing good production. But I would tell you all the customer segments we look at that small business, that small to medium-size business has been sort of late to recover late to come back and have a lot of demand for credit. The stronger demand is up in the upper middle market, larger corporate customers and has been -- and the consumer has been fairly strong, especially, in the area of auto. But thats small to medium-size business, while, were seeing their production, we really still need to see to get a really healthy economy, really need to see that customer segment strengthen a little bit more and develop a little bit more confidence to invest in their businesses and thats predominantly driving that owner-occupied category.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Thank you. And regarding -- I know you guys have touched on the capital. Obviously your Tier 1 common ratio is very strong at 11%. If I recall in CCAR, your CCAR stress test I think reduced your Tier 1 common ratio by about 280 basis points and since 5% is obviously the bogey everybody has to get to, I would think most banks would want to stay around 8.5% not to get anything close to that 5% in CCAR. What is your guys' thinking on where that Tier 1 common ratio should get to? I know you've got different strategies of how to use the excess capital but I am more asking at what level do you think you should be at under a normalized environment when rates come back a bit and maybe growth picks up a little more?
David Turner: Gerard, this is David. So you're right on the stress basis that we've -- if you look at our portfolio makeup at that time, we think that our improving credit metrics is part of it, our TDRs. There are elements about our balance sheet that consume more stress than we have in the past. If you look at where we think Tier 1 common could go and Basel I, you would be in that 8.5% to 9% range. And clearly were well above that. That goes back to the excess capital question that was ask by Marty and how do we really get that deployed in the most efficient -- most effective manner. So were looking at alternatives today and but we do think we have capital to spend on host of things not only total capital. But we need to optimize our capital stack in terms of making sure we have the proper amount of common and proper amount of non-common Tier 1 as well. So there's still such things that were working on to get capital levels and the stack optimized.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Do you -- not to pursue what those strategies are but is there a timeframe that you think you could get to an 8.5%, 9% level? Is it end of 16 or is it sooner or later than that?
David Turner: You thats a great question. Thats a little harder to answer. I dont think youll snap the fingers and get to that level over night. I do think its something over time. I think the first thing we want to do is not continue to accrete capital at the level and pace of which as to what weve been doing and to get that deployed in the more effective manner. So lets do that first and then look at what -- what options are out there for us to take advantage of with our capital mix. We think that gives us a lot of flexibility to see how things transition in our industry to be -- allow us to use that capital. And so I don't want to make any commitment as to -- really the level I gave you, kind of a rough range but I certainly dont want to give you a timeframe. Its -- we need to leave that open-ended.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Richard Bove of Rafferty Capital Markets.
Grayson Hall: Good morning Dick.
Richard Bove - Rafferty Capital Markets: Good morning. This has been a long call so if you want to do this offline that's fine. But I was wondering if you could go through the process in this auto sector. We had this article in the New York Times last Saturday. It was pretty negative and what I am thinking about is are you adding new car dealers or used car dealers? Are you letting the dealer underwrite the loan? Are you checking the premium that the dealer is putting on the rate? Are you looking at the price of the car that is being sold relative to some kind of Blue Book situation to determine whether the dealer is gouging the customer? I mean, how do you -- how are you approaching this whole new process in the auto sector?
Grayson Hall:  I think the, clearly, the lot of attention on this particular customer segment and we spent a lot time on this segment from a compliance perspective and in fact we have -- we've actually reduce the number of dealers that we are operating with. We had -- its in our disclosures but we actually have reduced the number of dealers we are dealing with by about 300 -- approximately 300. So we are going through and rationalize which dealers that we are getting healthy amount of business from and getting it in a correct manner. Lot of dear oversight, lot of dealer monitoring around rates and spreads, and adjustments for those rates and spreads, and so you will continue to see us elevate our monitoring capabilities of that segment to make sure that we are adequately addressing compliance issues. In addition we use a lot of third-party reviews. Third parties to come in and look at that, compare the numerics and make sure that we understand exactly what's going on dealer by dealer and loan by loan, I will be glad to have some of our team who is working on that full-time to give you more detail around that. Its -- but its a complex endeavor and we are investing time and energy in there to make sure that we are doing this in a responsible way.
Richard Bove - Rafferty Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Mutascio of KBW
Chris Mutascio - KBW: Good morning.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Mutascio - KBW: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask the provision question, maybe a little differently, David, if we could? Did the inflection in the loan loss provision expense this quarter have anything to do with the spike in the special mentioned category?
David Turner: I would tell you that what -- our allowance model certainly takes into account our risk ratings that we have which would include special mentioned substandard so forth. So, by definition, if these incorporate in our provisioning and allowance levels that we established.
Chris Mutascio - KBW: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Your final question comes from John Pancari of Evercore.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, John.
John Pancari - Evercore: Good morning. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Sorry for the long call here. But back to the deposit fees, I guess, this goes back to Ken's question, which you might have been looking at -- getting at is, have you been able to quantify a potential impact from check order processing changes, I know you have made a big step in helping us with the quantification of the deposit advance product, I wanted to see if you've got a similar quantification on the sequencing? Thanks.
David Turner: John, this is David. We continue to see how this issue is going to evolve. We know this has been pushed off a little bit. Its probably a late 15, 16 issue. We are continuing to do what we think is the right thing to do buy our customer. Were going to test the few things starting in the first part of 2015. Because its not just check order processing or debt processing order, its got deposits, it has funds availability, there are whole host of things that are had to be considered in this and thats why its difficult to pinpoint specifically what it -- would mean. Now what we do believe as we learn from our -- some of our test in the first part of 15 and as we get batter guidance we will share that with you, but we dont see this being an impact in 15 as much as it might be in 16 and thats depended on whether not to come up with further guidance.
John Pancari - Evercore: Okay. Thank you on that. And then, separately, on the excess capital discussion, can you just give us a little bit of your thought process around, if M&A is part of your plans and is that potentially more focused around business acquisitions or loan portfolio acquisitions or could it be whole bank deals? Thanks.
David Turner: Yeah. As Ive tried to mentioning our thought process, Ill go through the beginning of it, because its important to know our full way of thinking is, we got dividend some and we continued to challenge, to make sure we have a faired reasonable dividend, given the limits in guidance by our regulatory supervisors. We then look to deploy our capital organically, growing earning assets at our company. We also look to use that for acquisitions of portfolio like we did our credit card portfolio couple years ago. We look at non-bank transactions that would give us sources of revenue without utilizing a lot of capital that would help us from a diversification of revenue stream and we look at and have a whole teams looks at bank as well. If and when that ultimately comes back, so we are going to prepare ourselves for that type of transaction and when all that doesnt work then we will return that excess capital back to the shareholder in prudent manner and subject to capital plans and no objections from our regulatory supervisors in the CCAR process. So, I guess, the short answer would be, yes, it is included, but thats the order that we think about in capital form.
John Pancari - Evercore: Okay. Thank you. And then lastly here, any -- on the commercial real estate front to help support growth there, any possibility there or any thought process around extending the duration a bit of your CRE paper that you're putting on the books in order to drive volume growth, for example, competing more aggressively with some of the permanent financing players for example?
David Turner: Weve talked about whether or not thats viable for us to date, we have not done anything to extent that duration. You can see our kind of what our portfolio looks like right now and it really is depended on what type of risk adjusted return we can get on this product. What our stress capital looks like on this product. And so, I think that, if we really look that that the first place we would look is really in that owner occupied real estate space where we have a little different client make up, as Grayson mentioned earlier, usually a smaller business that has put up real estate as collateral out of an abundance caution in many cases and we are willing to take a little bit of duration risk with that. But I can tell you to date we have done a lot of it.
John Pancari - Evercore: Okay. Thank you.
Grayson Hall: Thank you.
David Turner: Okay.
Grayson Hall: I believe thats our last question. We appreciate everyone your time and attention today. Thank you and if there is any questions after the call feel free to call List Underwood and Dana Nolan. We will be glad to take your call. Thank you very much for being here today. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  M. List Underwood  Director of Investor Relations O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer David J. Turner Jr.  Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President of the Company and the Bank John Asbury  Senior Executive Vice President, Head of Business Services Group C. Matthew Lusco  Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer Ellen Jones  Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer-Business Operations and Support 
Analysts:  Kevin St. Pierre  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC Paul J. Miller  FBR Capital Markets & Co. Keith E. Murray  International Strategy & Investment Group LLC Eric Wasserstrom  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. John Pancari  Evercore Partners, Inc. Kenneth M. Usdin  Jefferies LLC Betsy L. Graseck  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ryan Nash  Goldman Sachs & Co. Brian D Foran  Autonomous Research US LP Matthew H. Burnell  Wells Fargo Securities LLC Marty Lacey Mosby  Guggenheim Securities LLC Sameer Gokhale  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Gaston F. Ceron  Morningstar Research Steven Tu Duong  RBC Capital Markets LLC Vivek Juneja  JPMorgan Securities LLC Christopher W. Marinac  FIG Partners LLC Matt D. O'Connor  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.  
Operator:  Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only, at the end of the call there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. List Underwood: Thank you, operator and good morning everyone. We appreciate your participation this morning on our call. Our presenters today are Grayson Hall, our Chief Executive Officer; David Turner, our Chief Financial Officer. Other members of management are here and available to answer questions as appropriate. Also, as part of our call today, well be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Finally, let me remind you that in this call, and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. For further details, please reference our forward-looking statement that is located in the appendix of the presentation. With that said, I will turn it over to Grayson.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Good morning, we appreciate your interest in Regions and participation in our first quarter 2014 earnings call. Today, we reported earnings of $311 million or $0.22 per diluted share, a solid start to 2014. During the quarter we grew loans, we grew deposits and we grew a number of quality households, all while effectively managing expenses. On an ending basis, total loans increased $1.1 billion over the previous quarter and $1.7 billion over the first quarter of last year. Total review and reviewed loan production was up 2% year-over-year. Importantly, loan growth was more broad-based across our product lines and across our margins. Business lending momentum continue, led by growth in commercial and industrial loans. After years of deliberately derisking investor real estate portfolio, we achieved linked quarter growth. On the consumer side, loans continue to be impacted by the residential mortgage market in the first quarter. But were somewhat offset by the growing demand for automobile loans. In light of an improving, but still challenging economic backdrop, we remained focused on things that we can control such as provide a high quality customer service. in that reward we were recently recognized by the Temkin Group, as a top rated bank in the 2014 National Customer Experience ranking, scoring 10 points ahead of the banking industry average. Our team members work hard everyday listening to our customers, in understanding and meeting their needs, which ultimately will result in a greater customer loyalty. We divide our markets across 16 states into 19 different areas. And in this quarter, we achieved net checking account and credit card growth in all areas. In addition, we grew quality households in all areas including consumer, business and wealth management. By adhering to our strategy reset Regions' three equity to serving our customers, we were also deepening customer relationships. We want to be the first choice in our markets when it comes to beating customers financial needs, whether through quality customer service, superior competitive products or enhanced alternative delivery channels. As part of our efforts we further improved efficiency and better serve our customers we continue to rationalize our delivery channels with recent focus on our branch channel. As you may recall, we consolidated a number of offices in the first quarter. While at the same time we invested in new technology and new service formats. We continue to look for opportunities to improve the customer experience at our branches with innovations and technologies. By adapting our delivery channels to how our customers want to bank, we will be able to meet more their needs delivered better value and enhance loyalty. We remained committed to continuously enhancing our risk management infrastructure. It is the important part of our culture and it is essential to the strength and stability of the organization. As such our asset quality continue to improve and our balance sheet is strengthening. Our net charge-off ratio was 0.44% the lowest level since third quarter 2007. In addition our non-performing loans continue to decline. Weve an ongoing and robust capital planning process that is designed to ensure the efficient use of capital while maintaining a long-term approach to capital allocation in distribution. During the first quarter, we were pleased to receive no objection to our planned capital actions from the Federal Reserve. Our top priority capital deployment continued to be reinvesting our business to achieve organic growth followed by regional dividend payout and appropriate share repurchases. At some point we may consider strategic opportunities consistent with the companies risk tolerance. To sum up, our first quarters results reflected a solid start to 2014. We obviously still have plenty of work to do and we continue to successfully execute our business plans to create long-term value for our shareholders. With that Ill turn the call over to David to discuss first quarter results in more detail. David?
David J. Turner Jr.: Thank you, Grayson, and good morning, everyone. Since Grayson already covered kind of overall earnings, Ill jump right into the details. So lets start with loans. We achieved a solid quarter of growth with loans up $1.1 billion as any balances were $76 billion. Loan growth continues to be driven by business lending, which increased 2% from the end of last quarter. A majority of this growth was attributable to commercial and industrial loans, which increased 4%. This was led by general industry with middle-market commercial lending across many of our market areas. In addition, we also achieved growth by our specialized industry and asset-based lending teams. And, furthermore, our commercial line utilization increased 170 basis points and commitments from new loans increased 2% to $39 million. Investor real estate loans increased $242 million from the end of the fourth quarter, which marks the first time we achieved growth in this portfolio in over four years and this portfolio has been declining as a result of our de-risking efforts. This growth was primarily attributable to an increase in new home builder and multi-family projects, providing more opportunities to lend within the parameters of our risk appetite. And we expect modest growth in this portfolio over the remainder of this year. Indirect dollar lending achieved another solid quarter of growth as we increased the average number of loans per dealer by 13%. Production increased 4% and loans increased $178 million or 6%. We expect this portfolio to grow as the demand for automobiles continues to rise and due to our efforts to increase pull-through rates from the dealers. As expected, credit card balances declined following a seasonally high fourth quarter. However, we achieved the highest level of sales for new credit cards, with sales up 14% in the first quarter. Also, weve recently expanded our offering of credit cards to non-Regions customers residing within our geographic markets. Our home equity portfolio declined linked quarter as the pace of customer deleveraging within the home equity lines of credit was only partially offset by the new production in the home equity loan product. This fixed rate home equity loan product continues to grow and balances increased 5% over the previous quarter. Looking ahead, based on what we know today and our economic forecast, we continue to expect 2014 loan growth to be in the 3% to 5% range. Lets take a look at deposits. Average deposits increased $874 million or 1% from the fourth quarter and deposit mix continues to improve than the first quarter as low-cost deposits increased to 90% of total average deposits. Deposit costs remain at a historical level of 12 basis points and total funding costs declined to 33 basis points in the first quarter. We continue to expect 2014 deposit growth to be in 1% to 2% range. Lets take a look at how its impacted our results. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was $831 million, a decline of $15 million or 1.8% from the previous quarter. The decline was attributable to fewer days in the quarter and the impact of the low interest rate environment on loan yields. However, the net interest margin remained steady from the previous quarter at 3.26%, largely reflecting the offsetting impacts of higher tax balances and declines in premium amortization in our investment portfolio. We remain asset sensitive and would expect to benefit from increases to both short-term and long-term rates, primarily due to our adjustable rate loan portfolios. Further increases in long-term rates would continue to benefit the margin, but at a somewhat reduced pace given the prepayment and premium amortization have already slowed considerably. Recently, declines in deposit costs, liability management actions and increases in long-term rates off their mid-2013 lows, have more than offset margin pressure due to a continued low rate environment. These offsets, however, will have a lessened impact going forward. That said, with rates remaining at approximately their current level and with our expectation for balance sheet growth, we expect to maintain a relatively stable margin in 2014. Lets move onto non-interest revenue. First quarter non-interest revenue was down $88 million from the previous quarter. However, as a reminder, the fourth quarter included benefits of $56 million related to leveraged lease terminations and the sale of investments and low-income housing that were not repeated at the same magnitude in the first quarter. Services charges were down 7% linked quarter and were driven by lower seasonal trends and continued changes in customer behavior. As expected, mortgage income was lower linked quarter as production was down 22% and the mix of new mortgages continued to be driven by new home purchases. Capital markets income declined in the first quarter to $13 million and was primarily attributable to a slowdown in demand for customer derivatives and loan syndications, which were seasonally high in the fourth quarter. Our Wealth Management Group delivered strong results for the quarter. Revenue was up 6% over the last quarter, led by higher investment services fees, higher insurance commissions and solid increases in investment management and trust income. We continue to add high quality wealth investors, financial consultants and insurance brokers to help, uncover and meet the needs of our clients. Lets take a look at expenses. Adjusted non-interest expenses totaled $846 million in the first quarter, down 4% linked quarter. The fourth quarter included a $58 million regulatory charge and $5 million of expense related to branch consolidations. Additionally, as youre all aware, last quarter we transferred $686 million of primarily accruing first lien residential mortgages classified as troubled debt restructurings to held for sale. We finalized to sell these loans during the first quarter and actual expenses were $35 million less than originally estimated. Salaries and benefits declined $9 million or 2% linked quarter. In the first quarter payroll taxes were seasonably higher, but were more than offset by lower employee benefits and headcount. Staffing levels have declined from the end of last year due to branch consolidations and other efficiency initiatives. Additionally, legal and professional fees declined $11 million or 24% from the previous quarter. And you may remember that last quarter we announced plans to consolidate 30 branches and incurred a $5 million related charge. An additional $6 million of expense was reported this quarter with respect to that effort related primarily to lease branches. So overall, expenses remain a constant focus and internally receive a great deal of scrutiny. As a result, we continue to expect full year 2014 adjusted expenses to be lower than 2013 adjusted expenses. Lets do on the asset quality, we continue to make good progress in the first quarter as all our credit metrics improved. Net charge-offs totaled $82 million which represents 0.44% of average loans. This is the lowest net charge-off ratio, we have experienced since the third quarter of 2007. The provision for loan losses was $2 million or $80 million less than net charge-offs. Our non-performing loans declined 1% linked-quarter and inflows of non-performing loans remain steady. At quarter end, our loan loss allowance to non-performing loans or coverage ratio was 118%. Notably, criticized and classifieds loans continued to decline, with commercial and investor real estate criticized and classified loans down 1% from the fourth quarter. Additionally, total delinquencies decreased 9% linked-quarter. And based on what we know today, we expect favorable asset quality trends to continue. However, at this point of the cycle, volatility in certain metrics can be expected. Let's take a look at our capital and liquidity. Our capital position remains strong as our estimated Tier 1 ratio at the end of the quarter stood at 11.9%. Our estimated Tier 1 common equity ratio was 11.4%, an increase of 20 basis points from the fourth quarter. We estimate our fully phased-in Basel III common ratio Tier 1 ratio to be 10.8%, well above the minimum threshold. Liquidity at both the bank and holding company remains solid with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 81%. And lastly, based on our understanding of the proposed rule, Regions remain well-positioned to be fully compliant with respect to the liquidity coverage ratio. As Grayson mentioned we were pleased with our overall CCAR results and a Federal Reserve having no objection to our plan of capital actions. So in summary, we off to a good start in 2014, and importantly our first quarter results demonstrate that our focus on identifying and meeting more customer needs is generating steady and sustainable growth overtime. Consistent with our Regions 360 approach, we believe that if we remain focused on our customers have an engaged work force and continue to make positive impact to our communities then ultimately we will drive long-term shareholder value. With that Ill turn it back over to List for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
M. List Underwood:  Thank you, David. We are ready to begin the Q&A session. In order to accommodate as many participants as possible this morning, I would ask that each caller please limit yourself to one primary question and one related follow-up question. Lets open up the line now for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) You have a question from the line of Kevin St. Pierre of Sanford C. Bernstein.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  Good morning Kevin.
Kevin St. Pierre  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC:  Good morning Grayson. And it would appear with your current loan growth guidance and the current dividend and the share repurchase that's been approved, that capital will continue to grow this year, beyond that 11% Basel III Tier 1 common. And it looks like your total payout ratio is going to be in the 55% to 60% range. Do you anticipate if things go as planned, that you would get more aggressive with next year's CCAR? Or how should we think about that? 
David J. Turner Jr.:  Yes, Kevin this is David. So we put together our capital plan based on what we believe to be the right thing to do. We laid down our priorities just like weve spoken about that a number of times of first, why do we use our capital to generate organic growth and to support our businesses, we believe thats what capital was given to us for and the generation of new capital should be used for organic growth. We also then want to get our dividend up some and more consistent with the peer group and youve seen a movement there. Our next priority is really use the capital in the business the smartest way we can and that includes transactions like growing portfolios. So we are acquiring a credit card portfolio. Weve looked at and continue to look at acquisition opportunities whether they be banks or non-banks when the market and the environments are right for that and when that does it, we dont use our capital for those items, just to return to the shareholder. So that the capital then continue to pile up on the balance sheet.
 :
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Kevin this is Grayson, I would characterize our capital plan as either aggressive or conservative. We try to put together a plan that we believe is appropriate for the opportunities we see in the market to the extent that the economy outperforms our forecast or to the extent that some of the opportunities we believe that exist dont prove that, and we accumulate more capital than we had anticipated then well make a different, but also still an appropriate discussion for next years capital plan. So as the economy matures and see what happens we adjust, but we are hopeful that we have some opportunities to deploy our capital effectively this year.
Kevin St. Pierre  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Thanks and just a related follow-up so, assuming at some point you are going to have some reasonable buffer over 7% to one common minimum so say 8%, 8.5%. Do you anticipate a time when you are able, I dont know if this is 2015, 2016 you are able to manage your capital ratios down with either a special dividend or some sort of payment total payout in excess of 100% or is this center, are we in a situation where you are growing or have to organically grow into those new ratios?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  No I think the capital planning process improves each and every year. We are working on our processes continuously improving the quality of our data, quality of our models, quality of our forecast and as we build confidence internally and confidence externally, I think the opportunities to deploy our capital more effectively will occur naturally. We think weve made the appropriate call this year on our capital plan and as things mature well adjust that call as appropriate. And I do think that to your point that things continue along the path our own, will continue to shrink that our capital position and be afforded opportunities to consider how we deploy that.
Kevin St. Pierre  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Great, thanks very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul Miller of FBR.
Paul J. Miller  FBR Capital Markets & Co.:  Yes, thank you very much. On the loan growth, can you talk about, a little bit, what are you seeing from your customers? You talk very positively about continued loan growth. But what areas are you seeing the most interest, and what are your customers telling you? 
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Paul, let me sort of describe it this way I think, whats different this quarter from last quarter is that we saw more diversity of loan demand of both from a product perspective and from a geographic perspective, I would still say that on the commercial side of our balance sheet, we are still seeing more demand in the upper-end of the middle-market and in large corporate lending. There is still more demand there than elsewhere. The lower middle market and the small business customers still to a certain extent, still recovering. And the demand there is still softer than what you would hope at this part of the cycle. On the consumer side, the consumer has strengthened quite nicely over the last several quarters and deleveraged. We see demand there in both as we mentioned in a moment ago in credit card and indirect auto lending and increases in home purchases in mortgage. We have seen a big shift in our mortgage production, production is down. The home purchase is actually up, we are probably at a mix of about 70% purchase and 30% refinance at this junction. We are seeing that on the indirect auto side still a good growth. We are having obviously being much more discipline from a credit perspective in that space. But still see opportunities there, the credit card we saw  we are offering a lot of new card accounts to customers, balances are seasonally a little low at this juncture, but we are pleased with the progress we are making. I think, when you look at the overall loan demand, we would still like to see the diversity of that demand improve further yet. But I would say that it made a very strong progressive move in the past quarter. We are more pleased with how broad it is today than we were in the last time we spoke.
Paul J. Miller  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And a one quick follow-up on the auto side, you said, that you expect to increase the pull-through. Do you think that area is getting very over competitive because you hear some banks saying that it could be getting over here?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Well, I think clearly the growth in that market all of our teams and risk management when they see a particular product growing rapidly and risk management disciplines requiring to start looking at that particular product sector more closely. There is a lot of participants in the auto lending space and you are seeing growth loan demand in there, particular category. I think you have as an individual institution, you have to decide what part of that markets you want to participate in. We have drawn some pretty bright lines about we are re-participate, we believe we can do that and still show growth. And we are still very confident in the production replacing all our balance sheet.
David J. Turner Jr.:  Paul, this is David, I will add to that. One of things, we think about indirect is who we are doing business dealership that we are doing business with. Now we have today about 2,000 dealers that we do business with, normally 8,000 that are actually in our geographic marketplace. So only about 25% of those that we are banking in today. I think that dealership election is very important for us and we are building the relationship that we need, the speed of action that we need and we feel very good about that credit.
Paul J. Miller  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hey, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Murray of ISI.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  Good morning, Keith. 
Keith E. Murray  International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Thanks, good morning guys. Now just touching on the fee line items for a second, if you look at the service charges on deposits were down 6% year-over-year. You guys talked you had pretty good growth in checking accounts, can you just talk about the dynamic thats going on there on a year-over-year basis.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: I will make a couple of comments, then ask David to come on as well. Clearly, what we are seeing is from a service charge perspective first quarter is typically seasonally soft, and as you compare against the same time last year, this year we are softer than last year. We do believe part of that was weather related, but we also believe part of that is shifts and consumer behavior, the consumers in much better shape from a financial perspective than they were a year ago. And we are seeing much more discipline on the part of the consumer in terms of how they manage their accounts, both from making sure they maintain balances necessary to overwrite any service charges amount that occur as well as discipline around over drawing those checking accounts. And so were seeing a real marketed improvement in how customers are managing their checking accounts. That being said, we still  we still are encouraged by the number of new quality accounts that we are adding to our balance sheet. And believe that there is an opportunity for us to continue to grow that part of our business going forward.
David J. Turner Jr.: Yes I think Grayson is right on the growing the number of customers, I think it is going to be important to us. As we look at our customer base, really want to build deep relationships with those customers, we offer advice guidance and education to these customers to help them with all of our banking products. And we think weve seen a change in the customer behavior not only in the industry, a service charge down in industry, but we see at Regions as well, which we think is a good thing. We think we have a good quality customer base, and we are looking to develop those new products, that will serve our existing customer base as well as new households that we are growing, so all-in-all we have seen a decline in place like overdraft fees, but looking to gain on the different service charges and different products that we offer.
Keith E. Murray  International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Thanks. I was just going to ask the follow-up along those lines on the deposit advance product, which youd be willing to give us sort of a revenue number that you might be giving up and give us more color on the traction that you have seen articles in American Banker et cetera, you guys are making progress, adding any consumers from tiered pricing et cetera. Just how much traction are you seeing there on the replacement type products?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: I think that clearly what youve seen is that we are transitioning away from that particular product and since the first of the year, we not being adding any new customers for that particular product. And we are seeing normal customer attrition out of that product over the next couple of quarters. We will be offering a number of different transitional alternatives to our customers. Its a little early for us to give you the benefit number on what the revenue impact will be because we need to see how some of these transition strategies how effective they are. We are hopeful that we can transition a number of these customers to more traditional credit based products, but thats yet for us to prove.
Keith E. Murray  International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Hi, Eric.
Eric Wasserstrom  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks very much. Hi, good morning. In terms of the credit experience, was there anything sort of interesting or unusual going on with respect to recoveries, particularly in the commercial space? 
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Yes, nothing unusual that we see  we went into de-risk a lot of credit during the tough times and we sold some credit too. So the recovery opportunities are still clearly are there, but we are seeing some recoveries but nothing unusual has cropped up that we are seeing.
Ellen Jones: Yes. We actually look at the  put the recoveries on a year-over-year basis. Recoveries are relatively flat on a dollar basis and given our lower non-performing loan base, on a percentage basis recoveries are actually up to be broad-based amongst all of the category particularly in commercial is what we are seeing those recoveries coming fast. 
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: But nothing unusual this quarter on recovery is tracking about as we would have expected.
Eric Wasserstrom  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And then just my related follow-up just sort of steps back for a moment, if on a core earnings basis, we annualized the quarter to about $0.85 of earnings, but with virtually no provision presumably as that number moves back towards some sign of normalized range. What offsets the impact of the higher credit loss experience range for the P&L?
David J. Turner Jr.: Well the increases that we see coming its a timing issue right. So we continue to have no higher reserve covers than our peers, so little more credit leverage left relative to peers. We see economic expansion coming at some point in time a higher rate environment at some time. So that overall generally increases an economic activity will lift our NII and lift our NIR and execution on our Regions 360, which is a needs based program to bring the entire bank to our customer base. Those are the main areas we see in terms of growing our revenues streams to mitigate what a normal provision would be, the amount at which we cant tell you today because credit is going on the books today as still the most pristine credit, we looked at regions and in the industry over time. So its really a timing issue thats hard to tell you exactly how and what dollar amount offset would be.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: So the credit quality continues to improve and continues to improve with a pace that generally outpaces our internal projections for that. So weve been pleased by that, encouraged by that, the portfolio as David said our loan portfolio today is a much stronger, much better diversified portfolio that weve had in the past. To your point is that if you are showing no growth and that credit leverage goes away you got a huge  huge gap to fill, but you do have to recognize the growth on one hand we are trying to achieve and at the same time the expense management does once that we put in place to continue to try to drive towards a good earnings result as credit leverage dissipates.
Eric Wasserstrom  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.:  Thanks very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  Good morning, John.
John Pancari  Evercore Partners, Inc.:  Good morning. On that three topic, can you just remind us what do you think is adequate long-term loan loss reserve ratio at Regions to the improving  much improved tech environment.
David J. Turner Jr.: Yes, John, this is David. So its a great question, we try to  we have given a range before then we talked the reserve would be in that 1.5, 2 range clearly credit has been more pristine that are longer than we had originally anticipated when we put that out. I think we are 44 basis points worth of loss today. We see that range drifting south. Its hard to tag that is that total point on the low end. And I think our best guidance we can give you is we have a pretty good model that we feel comfortable with, and we got to let that model work each in every quarter. And it will be what it is. With that being said, if you look at the credit metrics, we see it going south of that range. And where it ends up is your guess from there.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Only credit quality is going to drive that number and we stay focused on our methodologies, our process, modeling, credit losses, and weve got to make sure that those processes have a lot of rigor, lot of discipline around them. Unlike David its hard at this juncture to definitively tag where those ratios might eventually land.
John Pancari  Evercore Partners, Inc.: Okay. All right and then separately, one of you can talk a little bit about the very modest decline in loan yields that we saw in the quarter. But specifically, if you can give us some color on the new money yields, where youre booking new loans at this point versus the current portfolio yields? And then separately how that comes into play in terms of your margin outlook for relatively stable margin, is that implied, do you expect loan yields to holding in there if not hit higher yield of, thanks.
David J. Turner Jr.: Yes, John. Thanks, so as you mention we expect our margins to be relatively stable for the remainder of the year. And we define that as one or two points either side of the 326 we have today. Ill see a prolonged low interest rate environment puts more pressure on loans as old loans, higher priced or fixed rate loans mature, and new loans go on the books. And from a pricing standpoint clearly there is pressure on pricing in the loan portfolio in particular on the commercial side. But we believe that pricing has been  were booking relatively stable there. You saw a slight decline in loan yields for us. Mixed changes with loans cant make a difference where there is a consumer loan or commercial. And clearly we grew most of our loan growth that was in the commercial space. But those spread have been in the 225 to 250 range. They are kind of holding in there, its being on the credit that youre putting on the books. And so I think you should expect with the rate environment where we are right now. That youll see some modest impression on loan yields. We have had as you know deposit and liability management strategies to help offset the funding costs. Now we are down to 33 basis points of funding. And so, all thats been taken into account on the margin guidance that we gave you. With all that said, if the rate environment stays lower or longer than we expect we will have margin compression. Right now we still are confident enough to give you the guidance on a stable margin going forward for 2014.
John Pancari  Evercore Partners, Inc.:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  Hey, Ken, good morning.
Kenneth M. Usdin  Jefferies LLC:  Hi, good morning, Grayson. Can I ask you guys a question about expenses and efficiency? This quarter was another good result for expenses that even included the FICA balance. So Im wondering if you can help us understand how much was that elevated first quarter bump. And then also, how you expect the trajectory of both dollars and/or even the efficiency ratio, as we go through the year.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  Ken, so if you look at our efficiency ratio, our efficiency ratio actually ticked up just a bit in the quarter. I would tell you thats more of a revenue side of the equation than the expense side, although we focus pretty intensely on expenses during the quarter. That being said, I believe that as you think about the remainder of this year on the efficiency ratio, I mentioned it last quarter. Were sticking with it. We believe the efficiency ratio will tick down from where it is today and we think it will finish in the year in the lower 60% range. So we had a lot of pluses and minuses. We had incentives, we had pension, we had FICA. All that, Ken, is taken into account in terms of that go forward guidance, in terms of the lower 60% range for efficiency this year.
Kenneth M. Usdin  Jefferies LLC: Okay. And as my follow-up on that, then, can you help us understand then approximately like what was at least a FICA balance? I would presume that tension was a helper. So I would presume that $846 million adjusted included that seasonal spike. Im just wondering if you could help us understand how much that would have been, and do we then presume that we trail off of that from here?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: I think in total if you look at dollars, itd be in that $11 million to $12 million range for payroll.
Kenneth M. Usdin  Jefferies LLC: Okay. Got it. Thanks, guys.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  Okay.
Operator:  Your next question will comes from the Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley. 
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy L. Graseck  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Hi, good morning. Couple of questions; one on the loan growth. I know you gave the 3% to 5% guidance. And that seems like a relatively wide range as youre sitting here, given what you saw into March and what you are booking right now. Is there a reason why you cant tighten that range a little bit from what you gave previously?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  I think as we look at it right now, weve given guidance on the 3% to 5%. Clearly were one quarter into the year. We think we had some encouraging group in the first quarter. Our pipelines are healthier today. Weve seen some real optimism in the last, say, six weeks or so as some of the weather-related issues have dissipated. I would say were not at the point yet that we feel comfortable with tightening up that forecast. Clearly as the year progresses we will gain confidence in that, but at this juncture we still believe the 3% to 5% range is appropriate.
Betsy L. Graseck  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, Im just thinking about it in the context of how it impacts the NIM, in line with the prior question. As you are looking out on the NIM, you talked a bit about the loan yield impact, but what about the cost of funds? Are there things you could do incrementally on that side, as well? You've got some high-cost debt outstanding, some sub-debt. Is there anything that you could do there to lower the funding costs?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Yes, Betsy, we continue to look at for opportunities when its economical to rationalize our funding side. You've seen the actions weve taken up to now on repaying some of our debt. The math really has to hold up for us, so we look at it everyday. We realize we have some expenses debt out there. And so, its on our radar screen, but we do want to make sure that its economical when we do it and thats probably been the biggest hold up there.
Betsy L. Graseck  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And by economical, you're talking about impact of whatever swaps, hedges?
Ellen Jones: Were a reasonable payback, in terms of the cost that were going to incur the one-time charge to capital, in income statement and capital and how quickly does  that we get payback to that.
Betsy L. Graseck  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. In other words, not refinancing it, but just taking it down?
Ellen Jones: Were refinancing it cheaper (Multiple Speaker) or taking it out completely either way.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Either way. I mean there is still the math is still the same.
Betsy L. Graseck  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Nash  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Good morning, Grayson. If I can ask two unrelated questions, first is, when I look at the capital market side, it was down over 50% in the quarter. And you did call out a slowdown in syndicated loan volumes and customer derivatives, post a strong 4Q. But even beyond that, it does look like the slowdown was beyond prior quarters. So how should we think about the bounce back from here? Do you expect that we should run at a similar rate to the current quarter, or do you think we should move back towards the higher level we were running pre-4Q?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: I think at this juncture, when we look at this Ryan, we have a strong Q4 and we had a strong 4Q and then we had softness in the first quarter more softer than we had anticipated, but nice recovery in the latter part of the quarter. And we still are pretty optimistic about sort of where it goes from here. That being said, I think, the biggest change we saw was how much broader loan demand was across markets and product. And in particular, we pivoted on investor commercial real estate, which has been a declining portfolio for a number of quarters and actually have some reasonable growth this quarter in that segment. So I think that as you look out in upcoming quarters, we still believe that there's an opportunity for us to continue to grow our loan portfolio. Our goal is to do that in a diversified and prudent manner.
Ellen Jones: Ryan, I'll add on the, specific to the capital markets with regards to what was happening. If you go back to the fourth quarter, youll see a very different rate environment, one where the 10-year, there was increasing people were using derivatives a lot more than they did in the first quarter. So the first quarter rates declined quite nicely and as that happened, people were not  were willing to run a little more interest rate risk than they would otherwise. So I think all things being equal as we expect rates to continue to climb  the pace of which is uncertain that as that expectation of a rate increase is coming, you would expect clients the demand more the use of derivatives and therefore big driver of our capital market revenue, 0.4.
Ryan Nash  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Got it. And then you did a nice job early on outlining how you think about capital allocation and capital return. But if I could just dig a little bit deeper  Grayson, can you share your philosophy or priority, in terms of how you are thinking about your risk tolerance for strategic transactions? And what, in particular, is it that you are looking for? Is it improving density across certain MSAs, building out the wealth management channel? And you guys obviously haven't done a big deal since AmSouth. Just be helpful if you could just refresh what are your parameters, in terms of return hurdles and risk parameters.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: When you look at capital allocation it sort of what we are looking at in terms of growing the company. We are looking forward to diversify our strategy, it doesnt place a huge debt on any portion of our capital, but it actually places incremental bids in different parts of our business. Youve seen us allocating not only capital, but resources to our wealth management sector to try to grow that sector out, try to create a more diversified revenue stream for the company. And but also create new revenue streams that we werent previously enjoying. I also think we look at that philosophically the same way weve a number of markets that we are very dominant in, but we also have a number of markets where our franchise is limited, that we love to see overtime has garnered the ability to expand the density of our franchise in those markets. I do think we are looking for incremental opportunities that add up to be material as opposed to looking for transformational kind of opportunities.
Ryan Nash  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Thanks for taking my question.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Foran of Autonomous Research.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  Good morning, Brian.
Brian D Foran  Autonomous Research US LP:  Hi, good morning. I wondered if I could come back to the loan yield question, and maybe come at it from the other side, which is on  if I look back two years ago, your loan yields were materially below the industry average, about 40 bps, at least on the way I measure it. And if I look today, you are kind of in line  and especially over the past year. While there has been price compression, it's just  with every bucket except credit card, your price compression has been a lot less than the industry. How much of that is conscious repricing efforts on your part? How much of that is the markets or the borrower mix shift? Or just why aren't you seeing the same magnitude of price compression on the lending side thats some of your peers are?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Well, I think, Ill answer in a couple of ways. Then Ill ask John Asbury, our Executive in charge of Business Services just sort of add to it. I would say when you look at our portfolio that generally going into the recession, we had more variable rate notes than we did fixed rate as relative to peers. And I also think if you look at our portfolio on the consumer side, we had an equity line portfolio that was priced materially below peer. And so as you look at it today, you are seeing on the consumer side generally speaking loans that are going on our portfolio were priced higher and loans that are maturing off from our portfolio, on the business side we had to make some very specific decisions about in which markets and which more products that we will compete both on price and structure. We believe weve been rigorous and disciplined in that regard. But generally speaking, corporate balance sheets are in better shape. And so, corporations that we are providing banking product today can demand appropriate pricing, given the risk characteristics of their company, which have improved dramatically. And so, I do think we feel pricing pressure in our markets. We see that and we are trying to compete against that by competing on value of relationship as opposed to competing on price. That doesnt mean that we arent subject to pricing price. But that does mean, and I think that going into the recession we didnt have as much discipline around pricing as we should have. We think weve largely corrected that and we believe were in better place today in terms of what were adding on to our books. But Ill ask John Asbury to speak to that.
John Asbury:  Grayson, you summed up very well. First thing Id point to was your first point, which is we dont run a large fixed-rate book. Were about three-quarters variable rate. And so, we did not have to deal with run-off of higher-yielding fixed rates to the same degree as many of our peers did, we believe over the course of the past couple of years. So that will be one issue. The second is, theyre same question. I mean we put pretty powerful disciplines in place in terms of  in sending and holding bankers accountable for pricing the loans. We did not have a price-driven strategy. That is how we choose to compete. So, yes, we need to be competitive. We use third-party benchmarking services. We have a lot of mechanisms that cause the bankers to want to make sure that were paid appropriately for the extension of credit, and honestly I think those are the two big drivers from the business services perspective.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Ill add two other things. If youre referring to the brand in terms of how we compare to our peers; two things, one, the use of derivative interest rate swaps to hedge that risk that John just talked about in terms of the variable. We say the price for not having those hedges in place, and thats why our margin  and I forgot which caller had referred to our margin, had been lower for some period of time. So the maturing of the swap is more prevalent at some of our peers than it is for us. And so, as that gets unwound for them, you can see the margins working towards us. The second big thing is purchase accounting and several of the peers who also works its way through the pipeline and while theres still some more of that accretion, if you will, inuring to the benefit of the margin line for some, we didnt have that. So we had those two things, swaps and purchase accounting, are big drivers of why we dont have that downward pressure as much as our peers do.
Brian D Foran  Autonomous Research US LP: Thank you so much. That was a real thorough answer.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  Good morning, Matt.
Matthew H. Burnell  Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Good morning, Grayson. Thanks for taking my question. Just two questions on the loan portfolio. First of all, you mentioned the utilization rate was up about 170 basis points. I dont remember you saying what the ratio was at the end of the quarter. And Im curious if you would provide us sort of what you think your long-term target, or long-term average would be, and what benefit that might generate to net interest income?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Yes, we'll get you the where, what, from, to, but, historically we have been over 50% in terms of utilization. And if I recall, were in that 45% range today in terms of utilization. So we still have room to go in terms of what it ultimately gets to. So I guess 45 minus 170 where we work, whatever that finance is.
Matthew H. Burnell  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Fair enough. And I guess just a bigger picture question for Grayson, I guess your consumer loans at this point are about 38% of total loans, those would come on, presuming there was normal levels of demand at higher rates than you would normally see for commercial loans. How are you thinking about the dynamic over the next couple of years of growing the consumer loans and what benefit that might have to the margin over time and sort of how the portfolio ultimately balances out between consumer and commercial.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Yes, I mean I think that David and I have publicly stated a number of times wed love to see, the mix of commercials to consumer loans more in that 50/50 range, since we have been saying that over the last three or four years its hardly moved.
Matthew H. Burnell  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Right.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Today the consumer portfolio is about 38% and thats in spite of the fact that we reentered the dealer indirect business. And we repurchased back our credit card portfolio and reentered that business. I do think we are encouraged by some of the progress we are making, quite frankly the loan demand in the consumer sector still is less than in the commercial segments. But we are still very much committed to grow on that consumer portfolio. We think that clearly the consumer has taken a much more disciplined approach to credit today. And we think thats a good thing. So do believe we have almost 4 million consumers would bank with us. And we do believe that penetration into that book of credit products are still low relative to what we see in other peers, and we do believe over time, that we will be able to move the mix of consumer and commercial loans on our book, has just given in this market, with where loan demands at today, thats become particularly challenging. But we do believe over time that our efforts will prove to move that number directionally towards that 50-50 basis, but thats going to take some time. And its going to take a stronger consumer driven market to do that.
Matthew H. Burnell  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Good morning Marty.
Marty Lacey Mosby  Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning. Wanted to ask you David, a little bit about the net interest margin and the two factors that we haven't talked about yet, which are the higher cash balances in liquid assets that you accumulated quietly finally over the last year, you've accumulated about $1 billion, which, in my calculation, is about 2 basis points on the margin that you kind of have in your back pocket, that you could use whenever you so deemed necessary. So, how do you think about that, and what plans do you have to deploy some of that?
David J. Turner Jr.: Marty, you are right our cash balance, average cash balance did go up during the quarter, and there is a big driver that is our continued growth in deposits which we are always out there looking for good customer deposits. We realized that we need to put that cash, to work more efficiently which we will do. We would like to be down in that, maybe just less than $2 billion range in terms of cash balances today, given that lack of a efficient functioning over night market. So you should not see us continuing to pile up cash at the Fed and continuing to see an increase that you did this past quarter.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: And thats a positive that you didnt get this quarter that you forget in the future and the positive that you did get this quarter was the decline in premium amortization which although rates went lower, I guess cash flows and prepayments stayed low enough that you were able to reduce that amortization this quarter.
David J. Turner Jr.: Yes, that amortization was helpful to us; it was a positive in terms of our net interest margin. The benefit that we see going forward us they are slowing of premium amortization is less and less. There is still some positives there. So we just have to think efficiently how we put the cash to work, you spot on is just where do we put it, its the most meaningful to us. We probably have loan growth and to fund loan growth appropriately priced, appropriate risk-weighted loan growth thats what we are here for and if we cant do that we put it in the investment portfolio while we weight. I think thats the question about deleveraging, we look for opportunities there ourselves when the economics make sense. So there are a couple of different places we can use the cash. We just have to find the most efficient needs of it.
Marty Lacey Mosby  Guggenheim Securities LLC: And, Grayson, a big-picture question. When you're looking at the risk management practices that you're investing so heavily in, there's one thing which says you have to comply with all the regulatory requirements. But what is going to make Regions different? How do you see the actual, tangible benefits of having better risk management? And all the things you're doing just being compliance, or we really making our risk management better? 
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: So, Marty its a great question and its one the entire industry is asking our sales, if its compliance for compliance sake I think you miss a great opportunity. In this organization, we are trying to grow risk management all the way down to the front-line, making sure that our first line of defenses from risk standpoint are solid, our second lines are solid and third lines are solid. And we are driving a very strong cultural change to the company around risk management. At the end of the day in investment, we are making a risk management has to make sense from a business perspective. It has to improve not only quality of our earnings, but the consistency of our earnings I think that we are trying to strike a healthy balance. We are in the business and taking risk, but we are in the business to take improvement risk, and so I think that the question we ask ourselves everyday is not how we invest in risk, and compliance, and audit just for the sake of being in compliance, but really for how that we really change our company to make it a better company, to make it a company that is a better long-term investment to our share holders and a better long-term place for customers to bank and for our team members to be involved. And Ill just ask Matt Lusco. Matts our Chief Risk Officer right here I think its a great question Matt want to comment on it.
C. Matthew Lusco: Hey, Marty Ill add to that, over the last six months the loan was $59.2 billion and thats really just more fine, really dont consider operational loss and consulting costs will back our lost revenues from opportunity costs. Thats an incredible number compared to net charge-offs in the industry, its only $20.7 billion. You really do have  have to have an infrastructure to manage that. We got an initiative and Regions if we talked a little bit about in the annual report this year called Regions ROA, which stands for Risk, Ownership, and Awareness and that really is ensuring that we are building out strong partnership between first and second line of defense. And Grayson said, not compliance for the sake of compliance is to ensure that we are getting the maximum benefit out of all of our processes. We are identifying some internal costs of non-compliance. We want to track down the information is really measured, so we figure it is really a comprehensive quality insurance initiative.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Thank you, Marty.
Marty Lacey Mosby  Guggenheim Securities LLC:  Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sameer Gokhale of Janney Capital.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Good morning Sameer.
Sameer Gokhale: Thanks, good morning. I just had a couple of questions. So the first one was, you provided some good commentary around loan growth being somewhat broad-based. And I was just curious in terms of your loan commitments, it looks like last quarter they increased by $500 million. And if I'm doing my math correctly, it looks like this quarter, loan commitments grew by $750 million to $800 million. And I was curious if that increase in loan commitments this quarter, and indeed the loan commitment themselves $750 million to $800 million. If you could speak to the mix of those commitments, where are you seeing, perhaps, increased demand? I know you had some growth, finally, in industrial real estate. Is that a significant chunk of the loan commitments this quarter? Or any other specific areas you might point to, as far as the loan commitments go.
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thanks, good morning. I just had a couple of questions. So the first one was, you provided some good commentary around loan growth being somewhat broad-based. And I was just curious in terms of your loan commitments, it looks like last quarter they increased by $500 million. And if I'm doing my math correctly, it looks like this quarter, loan commitments grew by $750 million to $800 million. And I was curious if that increase in loan commitments this quarter, and indeed the loan commitment themselves $750 million to $800 million. If you could speak to the mix of those commitments, where are you seeing, perhaps, increased demand? I know you had some growth, finally, in industrial real estate. Is that a significant chunk of the loan commitments this quarter? Or any other specific areas you might point to, as far as the loan commitments go.
David J. Turner Jr.: I think as you look at  you look to loan growth this quarter, while it was the first quarter is a long time, we say a net growth on investor commercial real estate. The good news on net growth was that, while still multifamily is that largest single product out of that production, we did see strong production on the other parts or other categories of commercial real estate, which about 40% of our production is in multi-family, 60% of our production was elsewhere scattered between single family industrial office and retail. Retail still continues to be sort of a smallest part of that production but if there was more growth there than weve seen in previous quarter. I think when you look at the commercial industrial; we really see that growth in a lot of our specialty lending groups in particular energy and healthcare. And if you look across markets, the markets in Texas and South Louisiana are growth completely strong but also we had pretty decent growth in Georgia and in north-central Alabama. And of course Florida, while Florida, probably at the most challenging coming through the rescission. Were seeing some really positive signs coming out of certain markets in that part of our franchise. John Asbury you like to add that?
John Asbury: Again there is some more growth in commercial continues to be strong for us pretty well diversified. One thing I like to see this quarter is that kind of general industries geography based commercial effort was actually the single largest driver of commercial loan growth which is good and so we still had very good performance on the specialty lending areas but its nice to see more of a broad based general industries, you already spoke of the geographic areas from where they came. No question weve been increasing commitments on the real estate side, to your point pretty well diversified, not just our product title, we are seeing, improving diversification, but also we are seeing improvement in diversification of where we are financing of this products on the real estate side as well. So that good to see that coming on line.
Sameer Gokhale:  Okay, thank you. And then just here in terms of the auto business, you talked earlier about dealer penetration. And you mentioned that you are in 25% of the dealers that are really in your footprint, so there's an opportunity out there. Do you have a metric? How high do you think that 25% could go in the next 12 months, like some sort of target? And in terms of the average loans per dealer, I think in 2013 the average loans per dealer grew by more than 50%. And I think you referenced, in Q1, that increase was more like 13%. So is that kind of the run rate we should expect over the course of this year as well, as far as average loans per dealer? Just to get a sense for a couple of metrics there, and how you're thinking about the next 12 months. Thank you.
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  Okay, thank you. And then just here in terms of the auto business, you talked earlier about dealer penetration. And you mentioned that you are in 25% of the dealers that are really in your footprint, so there's an opportunity out there. Do you have a metric? How high do you think that 25% could go in the next 12 months, like some sort of target? And in terms of the average loans per dealer, I think in 2013 the average loans per dealer grew by more than 50%. And I think you referenced, in Q1, that increase was more like 13%. So is that kind of the run rate we should expect over the course of this year as well, as far as average loans per dealer? Just to get a sense for a couple of metrics there, and how you're thinking about the next 12 months. Thank you.
David J. Turner Jr.:  So as we think about indirect, you are right. With 25% of the dealers in our geography, we are looking while we have 6,000, obviously if we go at, and we really want to be particular with the dealers that we do business with. So our strategy now is less about increasing that number as it is penetration of our existing dealers. You referenced the increase in the number of deals per dealer per month increasing we have done it one. So the average was one deal, per dealer per month, and that is up quite nicely. The reason it was only one is, remember we reentered the indirect market you have t come back and build the relationship that takes time. And as weve proven ourselves and proven our technology and our service to our dealers, we see penetration increasing at the existing 2,000 dealers that we have today versus growing that number. And we do that by the service and we do that by the speed of answering that we get back to the customer, which is driven by enhancements of the technology that can help us that determine an underwriting decision much quicker than manual intervention. So thats really the strategy going forward. 
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Yes, I mean our goal is not to have, we are not going to measure necessarily the numbers of dealers that we have signed up, but the quality of those relationships, and we want to sell deeper into those relationships and how more meaningful banking relationship with them. And so what you should expect to see this year is more transactions or per dealer basis and less emphasis on just rolling numbers dealing.
Sameer Gokhale:  Okay, great thank you.
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  Okay, great thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Gaston Ceron of MorningStar Equity.
Gaston F. Ceron  Morningstar Research:  Hi, good morning.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  Good morning Gaston.
Gaston F. Ceron  Morningstar Research:  Hi, just wanted to go back to expenses for a second. Just two quick things; one is on occupancy. So, with the number of branches coming down, how should we think about that line going forward?
David J. Turner Jr.:  So occupancy is one of our top three costs, that we continue to look at and you are right to point out that a lot of our occupancy cost is in our branch infrastructure. We have right at 1,700 branches. We continue to evaluate all of those we consolidated 30 auctions last quarter, equated that in this quarter. And so there are ways to tighten that up some I would not accept dramatic changes in our occupancy as a result of that, but well continue to chip away at that line item. A lot of that cost of occupancy is fixed cost; depreciation on places that we have, leases or whatever. So the ability to drastically move that without exceeding leases and taking a one-time charge is less for us, but we continue to look at that closely.
Gaston F. Ceron  Morningstar Research: Okay. Great, thats very helpful. And then, lastly on expenses. You really kind of held the line here on salaries and benefits, in looking at the five-quarter trend. How should we think about that line, assuming that eventually you move into a higher revenue environment? I mean how much sort of pent-up pressure is there for increases and things like that?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Well, there are some of the salary and benefits that are tied to revenue. So as revenue increases you should except to see an increase in salary and benefits to pay for that revenue. We are down in headcount through the first quarter. Some of that is just timing related. But we focused on making sure we rationalize our total head count, which we will do over time this year. There were some benefits that we received through our pension accounting during the year. And so, youll see that continue to play out through 2014. Our commitment, as we stated that front, was really to ensure that were shooting for generating positive operating leverage. And so, we are as concerned about the increases in salaries and benefits or any other expense line. As long as the revenue generation is there to take care of what ever increase that we have. So there is some variability with those expense levels tied to revenue.
Gaston F. Ceron  Morningstar Research: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC Capital Markets.
Steven Tu Duong  RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. This is actually Steve Duong in for Gerard. Thanks for taking our call. Just a quick question. Regarding your loan portfolio, your commercial real estate mortgage owner-occupied, that continues to decline. Is that still part of the de-risking of your portfolio or is there more that we can take from there?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: No, thats really not part of de-risking. If you look at the owner-occupied real estate, it really performs pretty close correlation to the C&I portfolio in general. And so, it  but what youre seeing there is just a continued maturity of those notes in the pace of still whats soft demand for that particular product. I think as sort of economic courage returns on the part of some of our business customers, youll see that improve, but right now that is still a softer part of our lending segments.
Steven Tu Duong  RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. So we should  as the environment improves, we should expect that to eventually reverse course, I take it? 
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Thats correct.
Steven Tu Duong  RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. Well, I appreciate. That's all for us. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Vivek Juneja of JPMorgan.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Good morning.
Vivek Juneja  JPMorgan Securities LLC:  Hi. Thanks. Couple of quick questions. Pardon me if I missed this one in the call. Your consumer advanced product, what is the dollar amount of outstanding in the yields on those loans?
David J. Turner Jr.: I think we havent disclosed our total outstandings, or revenue, I should say generated from Ready Advance. And the reason for it is were in the process transitioning out of that into different product that we are testing as we speak. And we want to make sure we give you investors the best information on what that revenue change if any will be as a result of those new products that we are transitioning into. That will take for 2014 to transition. And so if we get more clarity on that, we will be happy to share that with you.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  And clearly there is going to be a revenue adjustment. We are working through what that means for us and what our transition plans are. We have not been adding customers to this product since the first of the year. We are seeing just normal attrition in that customer base. And within that product, our transition strategies are either yet to be proven out and as we did a little more maturity around that transition process, we will be able to give you a little more clarity on what we think the impact will be.
Vivek Juneja  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. One more question. LCR  ultimately to get to  I know you don't need to get to 100% right now, but ultimately to get to that  will you need to shift the mix of securities a little bit towards more of the level 1? Or where do you stand, especially if you bring the cash that you've got sitting at the Fed now? 
David J. Turner Jr.: We are trying to address that a little bit in the prepared comments that we relieved based on the rules today. And our interpretation of those rules, we will be compliant with LCR when its implemented. So relative to others, we dont have a lot of changes in terms of portfolio. Changes that will affect us that being said we need to continue to see how it rules change over time. And we will make corrections. But based on what we see today you shouldnt see a big change in our portfolio later.
Vivek Juneja  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Marinac of FIG partners.
Christopher W. Marinac  FIG Partners LLC:  Thanks guys. Grayson, you'd mentioned earlier in the call about the smaller markets you have, and the interest in trying to expand over time. I was curious if any of these small markets are popping up today, as pockets of good loan growth and opportunity that in terms of what you are already realizing.
David J. Turner Jr.: We have all different kinds of markets in our 16 state to impress. Each market offers a different competitive advantage or different opportunity I should say for us. So some of the smaller markets we have products and services that should make the customer base. And many other small markets the stability of deposits is really important to go back to questions asked earlier, what happens when rates increase and economic activity starts occurring and deposit become all more important as your funding source. And perhaps today well count on the small markets where we have some really dense small markets that we think are really beneficial to us. That being said we have markets where weve tried to get that density that we need or to get our products set sold through the market. If that cant happen, then we will consolidate like youve seen us do. And we'll look to continue to rationalize our footprint over time as a result that we cant get the revenue streams that we desire from them. 
Christopher W. Marinac  FIG Partners LLC: Great, David. Thanks for the color here.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Matt OConnor of Deutsche Bank.
David J. Turner Jr.: Good morning.
Matt D. O'Connor  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey David, its afternoon. I realize the credit card book is only about $1 billion, but what's the thought process for offering credit card to non-customers?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  Matt, if you recall, we  its not been that long ago that we repurchased our credit card book and then it took a few quarters to yet that book converted over to our systems and to get processes in place. And so, we really have been focused since that time on really penetrating our book of business and today about 14% of our customers have our credit card. Wed love to see that come up to more corporate level where you see some of our peer groups in the 20% to 25% range. Weve been doing that and doing that more effectively each and every quarter. Weve seen most recently some numbers where we obviously are getting much more proficient and selling into the financial needs of our customers and offering that product. We have been also trying to determine how best to grow the number of customers that bank with regions. And so, within our footprint we elected the sort of cash to market to see if there is a way to use our credit card product offering to attract new customers into our offices. Were already in that process. Theres no intention on our part to be a heavy solicitation bank in terms of card, but very targeted, very selective in markets that we dominate where we have strong brand name recognition. Were trying to extreme it to see whether we can really drive some customer traffic into our branch offices for new accounts.
Matt D. O'Connor  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Okay. That makes sense. And then just as we think out over the next few years, I want to say, at one point you thought the card portfolio could get up to a $2 billion handle. Is that correct or is that the thought process in terms of how big it could get over time? 
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Your math is just as good as mine. Were at 14% penetration. If we can get into that 20% to 25% participation rate, we ought to be able to double size that portfolio. But more importantly is that we can offer our customers a more full financial relationship, because all of our customers are going to carry one or more credit cards. Wed love for one of those to be ours. And our goal is to be able to manage that customer relationship, which we think gives us a better chance of creating more customer loyalty, better retention rate long-term for that customer base. 
Matt D. O'Connor  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Okay. Thank you very much.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Thank you. I think that ends our questions and we appreciate your interest and your time today on this conference call. And we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations O. B. Grayson Hall - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President David J. Turner - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Stephanie, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. List Underwood: Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation on our call this morning. Our presenters today are our Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall, and our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner. Other members of management are present as well, and available to answer to questions as appropriate. Also as part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Finally, let me remind you that in this call, and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. For further details, please reference our forward-looking statement that is located in the appendix of the presentation. With that said, I'll turn it over to Grayson.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Good morning, and welcome to Regions' Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. We certainly appreciate your participation and interest in Regions Financial. Overall, we are pleased and encouraged by our achievements and results in 2013. During the year, we focused on the fundamentals, serving the financial needs of our customers and communities and building stronger relationships with them. We began 2013 with 3 important business priorities: first, loan growth; secondly, customer relationships; and also third, prudently managing expenses. Through the focused execution and dedication of our team, we accomplished these goals and made meaningful progress. For the year, total new and renewed loan production increased $4.5 billion or approximately 8%. As a result, we experienced $1.3 billion of balance sheet loan growth in 2013, which excludes the residential first mortgages -- mortgage loans transferred to held-for-sale, which I'll address momentarily. This growth was achieved by expanding our customer base, and deepening our relationships with existing customers, aided by a new initiative launched in 2013 called Regions 360. This is a very deliberate and prescriptive approach to building a strong relationship banking culture on a foundation of trust. Further, we increased our total number of customers and households in a diversified manner. Business lending achieved solid growth in 2013, led by commercial and industrial segment. This segment increased $2.7 billion from the end of 2012, primarily driven by specialized lending teams. Also we believe our investor real estate segment is close to stabilization, as new loan production continues to increase and payoffs and pay downs diminish. On the consumer side of the balance sheet, our indirect auto portfolio experienced a very strong year with production up 35% and loans increasing 32%. We accomplished this by expanding our dealer network by 12% and increasing our average loans per dealer by more than 50%. We also achieved growth in our consumer credit card portfolio, as the number of active cards increased 7% year-over-year. And we grew our home equity loan and line production by 78% from the same time last year. Additionally, our full year 2013 adjusted expenses were lower than 2012 expenses on the same basis, and we've did this while making significant investments in people, in products and in technology. We will continue to rigorously manage all expenses in a disciplined manner, as it is part of our culture, while ensuring that we have the right infrastructure and foundation in place for future growth. In addition to successfully executing our business priorities, we also had a number of other noteworthy accomplishments in 2013: we increased net income available to common shareholders 10% over the prior year; we expanded our net interest margin by 16 basis points; we lowered our deposit cost by 10 basis points; we achieved broad-based improvement in asset quality, with every metric significantly improving; we raised our common stock cash dividend; we completed several actions that improved our debt and capital structure, while reducing overall funding cost; and again, we completed a common stock share repurchase program. Clearly, we accomplished a great deal in 2013. With respect to the fourth quarter, there are several notable items that impacted results. David will cover these in more detail momentarily, but I wanted to highlight a few of them. First, accelerating our de-risking strategy. We transferred $686 million of troubled debt restructured loans to held-for-sale. This transaction has minimal capital impact and will improve the company's credit profile. Importantly, as results of this transaction, we can experience lower FDIC premiums and can redeploy the capital more economically. In addition, we recorded a $58 million nontax deductible charge related to previously disclosed inquiries from government authorities, concerning matters dating back to 2009. And during the fourth quarter, we announced that we will consolidate 30 branches in early 2014. This will create additional efficiencies within our branch network channel and demonstrates our ongoing rigor and discipline with respect to expense management. Looking to 2014, there are several underlying economic and political factors that have the potential to influence the U.S. economy, but nonetheless, consumer balance sheets are healthier than they've been in some time. Corporate balance sheets are in solid condition and the housing market in our communities continued to improve. These factors, along with an improving global outlook, should contribute to moderate and improving GDP growth in 2014. Again, we are encouraged with the progress we've made in 2013, but more importantly, we look forward to building on that momentum in 2014. All team members at Regions are focused on building a stronger company each and every day. We believe that -- we believe in our company and we believe that by focusing on and serving our customers and communities will ultimately drive our results and benefit our shareholders. I'll now turn it over to David to discuss fourth quarter results.
David J. Turner: Thank you, Grayson, and good morning, everyone. Today we reported earnings of $219 million for the fourth quarter. And as Grayson mentioned, there were a number of notable items occurring in the quarter that warrant further explanation. I'm going to go with those first and then I'll get back to the core operating results later. In the fourth quarter, we identified approximately $686 million of primarily accruing first lien residential mortgages that were classified as troubled debt restructurings and transfer them to held-for-sale. The majority of these loans were originated prior to 2007 and approximately 40% are located in Florida. We expect to execute a sale of these loans early this year. In connection with the loan transfer, we recognized incremental net charge-offs of $151 million, however, this was partially offset by $76 million of allowance for loan losses. As a result, the pretax net income impact of the transaction totaled $75 million. Also in the fourth quarter, we terminated 2 leveraged leases, incurring a $39 million gain, however, the tax expense related to these terminations was $33 million, and therefore, the benefit to net income was $6 million. In connection with the branch closures that Grayson mentioned, we incurred additional pretax expenses of $5 million in the quarter. In addition, as Grayson also mentioned, at the end of the quarter, we recorded a $58 million regulatory charge, associated with previously disclosed matters dating to 2009. We are in discussions with our banking supervisors to resolve their inquiries on these matters, and although you may have additional questions, please recognize that we cannot comment at this time beyond this disclosure. Also the company incurred a $40 million reduction to overall income tax expense, primarily related to the valuation allowance for certain state net operating losses that occurred in previous years. And finally, during the quarter, we incurred $25 million of additional legal expenses, resulting from adjustments to the indemnification reserve, established in connection with the sale of Morgan Keegan. And these legal expenses are reflected in discontinued operations. Combined, all of these items lowered net income by $75 million and earnings per share by $0.05. Let's take a look at fourth quarter operating results, starting with our loan book. Total average loan balances were up 1% from the previous quarter, however, ending loans declined 2%, due in part to the transfer of residential mortgage loans to held-for-sale at the end of the quarter. Excluding the loans transferred, adjusted ending loans declined 1% linked quarter. Specifically, average commercial and industrial loan balances increased $631 million from the prior quarter, however, on an ending basis, they declined $451 million. The decline in period in commercial loan balances resulted from repayment of loans, some of which were nonperforming, corporate clients accessing funds in the fixed income market and volatility in REIT lines in the normal course of business. Finally, part of the decline was also driven by $104 million of leveraged lease terminations. This decline was partially offset by increases in specialized lending, led by technology and energy. Encouragingly, commitments for new loans increased quarter-over-quarter by $500 million to $38 billion. Investor real estate loans were down 3% from the previous quarter, as the pace of pay downs and de-risking was only partially offset by new loan production, which increased 2% from the previous quarter, and new production is expected to remain strong going forward. Indirect auto continued to lead consumer lending as loan balances increased 6% from the prior quarter. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had more than 2,100 dealers in our network, and we remained focused on increasing our pull-through rates, primarily through technology enhancements. The total home equity portfolio was steady, linked quarter, as the pace of new production in the home equity loan product offset customer deleveraging within the home equity lines of credit. As a result, balances in the fixed rate home equity loan product have increased 17% over the previous quarter. Credit card balances increased 6% over the third quarter as we increased the number of active cardholders by 4%. We will continue to focus on expanding the number of customers that carry a Regions credit card and have increased our penetration rate by 50 basis points over the third quarter. And finally, mortgage balances were relatively flat, excluding the transfer of loans to held-for-sale. And looking ahead, based on what we know today and our economic forecast, we expect 2014 loan growth to be in the 3% to 5% range. Let's take a look at deposits. Deposit mix continued to improve in the fourth quarter as low-cost deposits increased to 89% of average deposits. This positive repricing and mix shift resulted in deposit cost declining to a historically low level of 12 basis points. Total funding cost for the company declined to 34 basis points in the quarter. Let's see how this impacted our results. Net interest income, on a fully taxable equivalent basis, was $846 million, up $8 million or 1% from the previous quarter. The resulting net interest margin was 3.26%, an increase of 2 basis points from the previous quarter. For the fourth quarter, continued increases in long-term interest rates served to further reduce prepayments on securities, and the related premium amortization. Lower premium amortization contributed approximately 5 basis points increase to the margin and totaled $45 million for the quarter. Of course, higher long-term rates also benefit net interest income and net interest margin, over time, through higher yields on reinvested fixed-rate loans and securities. In 2013, liability management strategies and an improving mix of deposits offset the negative impact of a persistently low-growth and low-interest rate environment. Although the pace of decline in deposit cost has slowed, the recent rise in long-term rates off mid-year lows help provide additional lift to the margin. Our balance sheet continues to be asset-sensitive to short-term interest rates, mainly attributable to floating rate loans. Moreover, further increases in long-term rates would provide additional benefit to the margin, but at a somewhat reduced pace, given prepayments and premium amortization have already slowed considerably. With rates at their present level, we expect the net interest margin to remain relatively stable in 2014. Let's take a look at noninterest revenue. Fourth quarter noninterest revenue was up 6% from the previous quarter. The fourth quarter included a net gain of $17 million, related to the sale of certain low-income housing investments, as well as the $39 million gain, previously mentioned, related to leveraged lease terminations. Noninterest revenue continues to be impacted by lower mortgage revenue. During the quarter, mortgage production declined 23% and mortgage revenue declined 17%. As a result, we continue to optimize the mortgage operations model and reduced overall mortgage production expenses 10% in connection with lower revenue, and we expect mortgage expenses related to production to continue to decline. As a reminder, the previous quarter included a $24 million gain related to the divestiture of a non-core portion of the Wealth Management business. As previously disclosed, we will discontinue new enrollment for our Ready Advance product and begin working on a transition plan related to our existing customers. This transition plan will be executed during 2014, and includes the recently introduced new Savings Secured Loan to help meet the credit needs of our customers. In 2013, we've made significant investments in our Wealth Management group by adding over 100 financial consultant positions, and we expect these positions to be fully profitable in 2014. Additionally, we were successful growing certain consumer product lines throughout 2013, that will provide future revenue opportunities. For example, we grew our Now Banking households 26%; our active debit card users, 2%; and our prepaid card users, 50%. Let's take a look at expenses. Noninterest expenses totaled $946 million in the fourth quarter, and included $58 million of expense related to the regulatory charge and $5 million of expense related to the branch consolidations. Deposit administrative fees, or FDIC expenses, were lower in the fourth quarter due to an improvement in asset quality, overall business performance and refunds of previously incurred fees. As a result, these costs are expected to be lower in 2014 compared to 2013, and the run rate is expected to be between the levels reported in the third and fourth quarter. Salaries and benefits increased 2% this quarter, reflecting an increase in headcount, primarily in customer-facing, revenue-generating and compliance positions. This was partially offset by a decline in mortgage incentives. Generally speaking, it takes about 12 months for these customer-facing positions to become profitable contributors. Our adjusted efficiency ratio improved 100 basis points from the previous quarter and we expect this to continue to trend down over the near term. Some fluctuation expenses can occur on a quarter-to-quarter basis in order to generate ongoing revenue. However, if the revenue does not materialize, we will adjust accordingly, as we are committed to generating positive operating leverage. We have effectively managed expenses throughout the cycle and have consistently reduced full year adjusted expenses since 2009. Full year 2013 adjusted expenses were lower than 2012 expenses on the same basis. And we expect this trend to continue in 2014. Now let's take a look at asset quality. Improvement continued in the fourth quarter as most credit metrics improved. As previously discussed, this quarter's results were impacted by the loans transferred to held-for-sale. Adjusted net charge-offs, which excludes the amount related to the transfer of loans, amounted to $127 million. The provision for loan losses was $79 million, of which $75 million was related to the loan transfers. Our nonperforming loans declined 20% linked quarter, and inflows of nonperforming loans declined 12% to $175 million, and our coverage ratios remained solid. At quarter end, our loan loss allowance to nonperforming loans increased to 124%. Notably, criticized and classifieds loans continued to decline, with commercial and investor real estate criticized and classified loans down 14% from the third quarter. Troubled debt restructurings declined 14% from the previous quarter, and excluding the loans associated with the transfer, TDRs would have been down 32% or approximately $1 billion. Based on what we know today, we expect favorable asset quality trends to continue. However, at this point in the cycle, volatility in certain metrics can be expected. Let's take a look at our capital and liquidity. Our capital position remains strong as our estimated Tier 1 ratio at the end of the quarter stood at 11.6%. Our estimated Tier 1 common ratio was 11.2%, an increase of 20 basis points. We estimate our fully phased-in pro forma Basel III Tier 1 common ratio would have been approximately 10.5%, well above the minimum threshold. As you are aware, we submitted our CCAR earlier this month, and we expect to get the results sometime in March. Liquidity at both the bank and holding company remains solid, with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 81%. And lastly, based on our understanding of the proposed rule, Regions remains well-positioned to be fully compliant with respect to the liquidity coverage ratio. Let's say, in summary, our fourth quarter and full year results reflect our continued focus on moving the company forward. At the core, we remain focused on our customers by continuing to drive a culture of leading service quality across the company, while following a shared value philosophy. We believe, focusing on our customers, having an engaged workforce and making a positive impact on our communities will ultimately drive long-term growth and shareholder value. Now, I'll turn it back over to List for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call.
M. List Underwood: Thank you, David. We are ready to begin the Q&A session of our call. We have a number of you already in the queue, and we want to take as many as possible this morning. [Operator Instructions] Now, operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I missed the very front end of your call, and I dont know if you addressed it, but you did give guidance of loan growth of 3% to 5%. Am I correct?
O. B. Grayson Hall: That's correct.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Can you just tell me, where do you think that's coming from? And is that just really through discussions through your customer base?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Paul, we've gone through our lending segments extensively and we had pretty solid growth in the fourth quarter in terms of average balances. There was obviously a lot of activity that occurred near the end of the quarter. We had a number of pay downs and payoffs that had taken place. I think, you had the transfer of the first residential mortgages over to held-for-sale. You had more customers taking advantage of the capital debt markets, that we've seen in the past. But we have continued to be encouraged by signs that we've seen in looking at our production, looking at our pipelines and looking at what we believe is an improving economy. We've seen particular strength in certain segments, I would mention 3. I think, we've seen good strength in both energy and in technology, but we also have seen strength in commercial real estate. We believe that our commercial real estate portfolio, for the first time, is close to a stabilization point. We're encouraged by the production. And we think we've got an opportunity, if you remember, we had indicated that we thought our loan growth, on the upside, might be as much as 4% a quarter ago. We've raised that slightly to 5% today. But we think, we've got -- we think we've got the opportunity to do that and we're optimistic about it. David, you like to comment on that?
David J. Turner: Yes. I think, if you look at commercial real estate in particular, multi-family and the homebuilding portfolios look strong. We're sure comfortable with those going into 2014. Grayson talked about the other parts of C&I, but the consumer side is getting better for us, as well as our home equity loan product is just about to take care of the declines we've seen in the home equity lines. Our indirect auto continues to be a nice growth story for us, as we continue to expand on dealerships, and our penetration within those dealers. Our credit card continues to grow as well, so we're feeling good about a broad array of loan increases and production, leading us into 2014.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, if you look, the big thing I would say is we're seeing more diversified demand, both across lending segments and across markets. It's broader and more diversified than it was a quarter ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: David, you mentioned that you thought the expenses in 2014 were going to be lower than 2013's adjusted expenses. What's the adjusted expense level we should use for 2013 to measure against for 2014?
David J. Turner: Yes, Gerard, that number is $3.4 billion, $3.433 billion, to be exact, that you could calculate off of our supplement, taking all the adjustments out. So it's working off that number.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, just as a follow up. On the LCR ratio, I think you said that you're well-positioned to have -- to be fully compliant. Does that state that you're there already, meaning that you don't need to put more liquidity on the books that could pressure the margin, if you were to do that, to become fully compliant?
David J. Turner: We are quite at 100% today, as that number bounces around a little bit, we're pretty close to 100%. But we're close enough and feel confident enough that there's not a lot of restructuring we have to do, with regards to being in compliant with the rule, is effective.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So that would imply that we should not hear any margin -- some of your peers, the reason I ask this is, is some of your peers have pointed out that margin pressure in '14 will develop because of becoming fully compliant with LCR. We should not expect that from you guys, is that correct?
David J. Turner: We expect our margin to be relatively stable, all in, through everything that we have to do. So perhaps, we're a little unique. But remember, stable margin for us, we've kind of giving guidance. So that's 1 or 2 points, either side of where we are. And we're sticking with that, even though the LCR is out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I wonder if you could give us some more color on your expectations for the efficiency ratio. We saw some good progress this quarter, and wanted you to give your thoughts on the 2014 outlook for that metric, as well as how you would think about it on a longer-term normalized basis?
David J. Turner: Yes, John, this is David. As we've -- we've been mentioning on our calls, we are looking very closely at our efficiency ratio and positive operating leverage as well. You notice our efficiency ratio went up to 67 points and change last quarter. We had talked about working that down into the lower 60s, without a rate increase, and we think, with a rate increase, we can be in the 50s. Our goal, ultimately, is in that 55 to 59 range, but we acknowledge we can't get there without a rate change, a rate increase. But while we're waiting for that, we do expect us to continue to drift down, during 2014, into the lower 60s. We've made investments in people and technology. They're the cause of our short-term -- our expenses to increase. But we expect the revenue to come with that, and as a result, we expect that efficiency ratio to continue to drift down. We've really looked at our efficiency more from a long-term perspective. We don't get so caught up on a quarter-to-quarter change, but that's kind of the broad guidance that, we think, over time, we can get it to.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. And then, also, my second question, just around expenses as well, do you have the quantification around the likely savings that you can get from the 30 branch closures, on a combined basis?
David J. Turner: We really hadn't quantified the savings from those 30 branches. I will tell you, you heard the number, we had about $5 million that we're going to incur this quarter, we'll have some more, related to people cost, that you can't accrue until that time. But we expect to pay back in less than a year on these type of expenses, and we're constantly looking at all areas of our company in terms of becoming more efficient. It is part of who we are and what we do, and we'll make -- take appropriate actions when we can see the benefit of that is -- the payback is relatively quick.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. And I would just to add, I mean, closing branches is a very public action, but internally, there are a number of expense-save initiatives that we're working on. Clearly, even within the branch channel, we're working on a number of efficiency programs that allow the branches that we have to operate at a lower cost basis and trying to improve both the utilization of all of our channels, so that we get efficiency across the methodologies that we service our consumers on. We realize that 2014 is still going to be a year where expenses are very important. And so we'll continue to have a number of internal initiatives that look at staffing, look at workflow, look at the way we handle all of our operational processes, to improve that overall efficiency ratio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fitzsimmons with Sandler O'Neill.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just a few questions. With CCAR coming up, just was wondering if you can give us an update on your capital return priorities. I know buybacks were a big part of it last year, but the stock is higher versus tangible book now compared to last year. And if you can just give us a list of where you think those priorities sit today.
David J. Turner: Sure, Kevin. As we think about capital, we really want to use the capital we have to grow our business, we think that's what the shareholders gave it to us for. That being said, we acknowledge, we'd like to get our dividend closer to where peers are, which has been in that 25% payout on income. We didn't want to use of the rest of the capital to growth, whether that -- growing loan portfolios, we've talked about acquiring a portfolio like we did our credit card book, and other acquisitions, if there are opportunities that arise. And when we can't utilize all of our capital efficiently in those activities, returning it to the shareholders is important. Because we don't want it to build up and have trapped capital to build up on the balance sheet. So having an appropriate return, in the form of a buyback to the shareholders, is certainly something that we've looked at. As you know, we just filed our plans, so we need to let the process work. We really have a very robust capital planning process, the output, which happens to be, at times, a couple of regulatory filings, called CCAR and DFAST, but our capital planning process is built around the efficient use of that capital and getting the most appropriate risk-adjusted return on that capital. And that's what we've done.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. If you can just talk about timing of the transfer of those resi mortgages to held-for-sale now? And is that more a statement about the improvement you've seen in those -- in the housing market? There's more of a market for those loans today, or just being teed up, going into 2014, with that in the rearview mirror.
David J. Turner: Yes. It's a good question. We had a couple of things working for us. When the market for assets is pretty strong, these were accruing first lien residential mortgage loans. But they were TDRs, and that's a designation that causes a little more of a charge when you go through the FDIC calculation. And mathematically, if you took a look at the return on capital, by holding those in our portfolio, versus how we could improve the return on proceeds from a transaction, we felt that was the best thing for us to do, at this time. We have not executed that transaction. We expect to do so in early 2014. But as a result of making that decision, not to retain those in the portfolio, required us to move them to held-for-sale and take a mark on those, to our estimate of fair value, which is what we did in the later part of the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: First, I just like to hit on the 2014 noninterest expense guidance, again, here. So if the annualized adjusted 4Q run rate was $3.5 billion, and the '13 run rate was $3.4 billion, with the guidance now south of $3.4 billion, this implies about a $100 million plus delta year-over-year. I'm just wondering, what are the biggest pieces here? Maybe you can give us some color, in terms of the biggest pieces, and maybe give us some sense of magnitude.
David J. Turner: Craig, let me help you with the start point, I think it's about $3.4 billion -- $3.433 billion should be your start point based on what we've released, and we believe that we can come under that number. And it's really no one thing. It's just a continued focus on every one of our expense categories. Obviously, our top 3 expenses are salaries and benefits, occupancy and furniture and fixtures. But there are other expense categories underneath those that we continue to focus on and make sure -- while we hadn't come up with an expense initiative that, we require all of our leaders to really take a look at the expenses they have in their businesses, and make sure they're being as efficient as they can be. So you really can't look at one area and it's just a -- it's a little bit here and little bit there, and over time, it adds up. If you look over the past several years, we've been able to do this because of this kind of cultural -- a crunch to expense management, and you'll see that again in 2014. I think, when you get your start point, the number is not as -- is not your start point that you had.
O. B. Grayson Hall: But I think, we just have to -- in this environment, until we see the results of more sustainable growth and a different interest rate environment, we just got to stay very diligent and very rigorous on expense management. And to David's point, we haven't done a branded expense program, but what we have done is we have literally dozens of expense initiatives across the company, and we have invested an awful lot in technology to improve efficiencies and workflow across all of our operating units. We still believe that there's opportunities for us to improve the efficiency. We've been working on this for a great long time, and when you look at our expense metrics, by almost any measure, we delivered some really good efficiencies, relative to our peer group. Some of our biggest challenges are on the revenue side. And so we're trying to work on both, we are trying to have a balanced perspective on it. And that's why we invested in people this past year to try to improve our revenue generation, because while we want to continue to be rigorous in our management of expenses, we do realize some spending is necessary to generate revenue growth. And so, we have a very balanced perspective on it. But given where we are at today, we still believe we have identified enough areas that allow us to continue to drive our expenses down, on a same cost basis, year-over-year.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just as my follow-up here. I just want to separate your expectations for overall earning asset growth, next year, versus this 3% to 5% loan growth guidance. So if loans are growing in a 3% to 5% range, but if you noticed, your deposit growth has not been positive, should we expect to see modest declines in the securities portfolio to fund that, and will the LCR even allow that? Or is it more likely that deposits will grow next year and potentially could grow from higher costing deposits like CDs?
David J. Turner: Yes, I think, Craig, one of the things that you saw was the level of higher cost CDs that, as we lowered the cost, some of those did not -- we did not retain those in the bank, and so that worked against our earning asset growth that we had. We do have a little over $4 billion of CDs maturing next year, but we don't have the price differential on those that we had in '12 and '13. So we don't see the retention issue with those like we just saw. So we don't see that working against our earning asset growth. I think the primary driver on earning assets, in total, will be the loan growth that we're talking about. And so, we think, we've hit the bottom of earning assets right -- right now. Remember, last year, we also did some deleveraging and had some liability management activities in our bank and holding company that also worked against us on that measure. But we think, we'd grow from here.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, well, I mean, our loan deposit ratio at roughly 81%. During '13, we made some very strategic decisions related to deposits. We have reduced our reliance on more expensive forms of deposits, in particular, time deposits are down to 12% of the total portfolio. But we also took a very different strategy on other high-priced sources of deposit such as public funds. And so we have -- we've seen the mix. Our mix -- our overall deposits have not grown in '13. We did see a real favorable shift in the mix of those deposits, and are very pleased with where we stand today. So from a deposits standpoint, we're feeling pretty good about our position.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My question is could you just shed some light on the CCAR process in terms of -- under stress, do the regulators treat a TDR similar to any performing loans or they treat it worse? And I guess the real, just as a question is, is the derisking in your TDR portfolio reflected in your submission for this year's plan?
David J. Turner: Let me answer a little different than you asked because we want to be careful about what we turn into our supervisors. We have a capital plan and our derisking relative to TDRs is not just the impact of capital, although that is true. TDRs are treated adversely by us and the way we look at capital. So I think that as we think about derisking, you also have to look at the cost associated with maintaining a TDR, in particular, as it relates to FDIC insurance. Those are punitive in the calculation. And so being able to derisk helps us from an earnings standpoint and the expense discussion that a few folks have asked us about this morning, you'll see the benefits of that coming through in 2014.
O. B. Grayson Hall: But those derisk our credit portfolio. It accelerates the pace of that somewhat, but the economics are the primary driver.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And so the follow-up to that is, in theory, if this were included in a submission, you have a derisked balance sheet from a TDR perspective as these are sold. But not just that, the cushion for your PPNR should also improve under stress because of the administrative costs that go away. Is that the right takeaway to assume if it was in the submission?
David J. Turner: That's right. The cost to carry these are punitive in all of our -- whether it'd be your base or your 2 adverse runs. So being able to strip that cost out and have the assets, the proceeds reinvested in assets that don't attract as much capital and generate more PPNR is what we're trying to do, and we think we accomplished that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Sameer Gokhale with Janney Capital Markets.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: This is the first question. To go back to the discussion about the headcount, I think you had mentioned 2 broad categories: one, compliance; and the other, customer facing. And I was hoping just to get a little more clarity. What was the rough mix of compliance versus client facing? And then if you could give us some insights into which specific businesses on the client facing side you added headcount to, maybe some geographic information, that would be helpful.
David J. Turner: Yes, I'll tell you that roughly half of our headcount -- I think it's almost 60% of our headcount were in revenue-generating positions. So we gave an example in our prepared comments. Our financial consultants that we put into branches this year, a little over 100 that we hired during the year. And then the other parts of this were really establishing more folks in our compliance areas and risk management as we deal with some of the changes and expectations that we all have in the banking industry. So the headcount that we've added, we expect the folks we've added to pay for themselves, in particular, the revenue generation -- generating folks that should be paying for themselves in less than a year. Our early read on that and our use of financial consultants, as an example, is we're a little ahead of schedule, and we feel good about that going into 2014. But we want to make those investments in people. We think it's the right thing to have done, as we battle the balance between generating more revenue, yet watching our expenses in total.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think that given where the industry is at, and there's clearly an expectation for greater focus and resources on compliance and audit functions. We continue to invest in all of those functions across our enterprise risk management program, if you will, and so we're going to continue to invest there. We have to find ways to pay for that, and we find ways to pay for that through efficiencies in other parts of the company, and our additional revenue opportunities we have -- we fund by adding people or products where appropriate. I think if you look at geographically, we've added those resources opportunistically where we see advantage. Clearly, we've done -- we've seen a lot of growth across the markets that are more heavily invested in energy, South Louisiana and Texas being 2 great examples of that. But we've also saw strong growth in the auto sector, and in the southeast, we have a number of markets that enjoy margin plummet in the auto sector. So it's been pretty well dispersed across our markets, and we want it that way because we want that diversity.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's good color. And then just in terms of the auto business, I think in your prepared comments, you had mentioned that you expect a higher pull through from some technology enhancements in the auto business. I was just trying to get a sense for what you mean exactly by pull through. Is that more volume driven from the dealers because of the technology or just the ability to process more volume because of the technology enhancements, and maybe just talk about what these enhancements are? That would be interesting.
David J. Turner: It's all around speed of answer and quality of answer. We've got -- we had continued to grow the number of auto dealers that we are working with, partnering with. But we have higher expectations for the volume we get through those dealers. And in order to do that, we had to invest in technology and had to invest in people in the back office to ensure that we get applications for credit. The speed of our answers and the quality of our answers continue to improve. We've made some pretty dramatic improvements in that. As a result, we saw very good results in that particular lending segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: David, I wanted to ask you to go a little bit deeper into your comments about the investments in the fee businesses starting to get to profitability this year. So the wealth management line, it hasn't really broken out yet so to speak. Could you give us a little favor for how you expect the fee businesses to act this year, and can they more than offset the expected decline in mortgage that's just a matter of fact?
David J. Turner: Yes, Ken, we have -- we've just pointed to wealth management as an example. We don't have any one business that's going to light it up and take over all the pressures that we had in mortgage. We do believe mortgage didn't have quite the decline it had '12 to 13 as it does in '13 to '14. We think, as a matter of fact, we'll be down, production-wise, in mortgage about 10% to 15%, and we'll rightsize the expense side of that, and get to a -- what will be a normalized mortgage contribution. But wealth management, we have some new products and services that we're working on. We have the full run rate of those additions that we had, the financial consultants. So you'll see that. We've had some improvement in our investments in insurance that we think will also be a driver. So it's not one -- it's not just one area. We think all those really are contributors to help offset any other negatives that we have in our NIR, primarily mortgage.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Well, I think the important point is those initiatives are on track. In wealth management, in particular, our early results are exceeding our preliminary forecast that we made the decision upon.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And my second quick question is just on the new deposit products and the sunsetting of Ready Advance. Can you talk about any net revenue and income effect that you'd expect?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I mean, it's a little early for that. We've made the decision to discontinue new registrations or new enrollment of that product from our customers. That goes in effect in the morning, and we are working through our transition plan now. We have a fairly substantial group of customers who use this product, and we're being very thoughtful, very deliberate about how we transition them away from this product. So we've got our product teams working on those transition plans now. They're going to take a few weeks to finalize. You'll have more information from us forthcoming as this matures, but a part of it is trying to predicting customer behavior. And as we offer alternative ways of meeting this customer need, we're going to find out exactly how the customer responds to that, and it will sort of drive the end results. We are still committed to focusing on our customers and meeting their financial needs, and we try to do that with innovative products and really a focus on strong customer service. We'll continue to do that. It's just that on this particular product, we need to transition and focus our attention on other products in order to best serve our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you just provide an update of how asset sensitive you were at end of the year? I noticed your liquidity increased on a period end basis, and can you just provide an update of how much it benefit if rates rise, say, 100 basis points?
David J. Turner: Yes, Matt, we had -- right now, if you look at 100 basis points, parallel shift, it's about $180 million to us, down slightly from where we were. Last quarter, it was about $200 million. I think we drifted down to about $180 million.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just separately, as we think about credit going forward, obviously, the held-for-sale actions pulls forward some charge-offs, also uses some loan loss reserves. How should we think about both charge-offs and the provision expense, going forward, from here?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, Matt, when you look at the -- when we had this call for the third quarter, we really, at that point in time, indicated that we thought our credit recovery would continue. We thought the pace might moderate somewhat. But the fourth quarter, again, very positive results. It exceeded our internal early forecast, and so we continue at this juncture, still believe that, that recovery process continues. We -- as David said earlier, there may be some volatility in a particular metric quarter-to-quarter. We have a little bit of volatility in, for example, charge-offs this quarter. We had a couple of transactions that, had they gone a different direction, it could have been a much better number than it was. But you're going to see that sort of as we get down to where the -- our distressed loans are more granular in nature. You're going to see little bit more volatility, but we think the overall trends still continues.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of follow-ups on the NIM outlook. I know you've indicated that you're looking for relatively stable NIM if rates stay where they are. Is that in reference to current rates or that's in reference to the forward curve?
David J. Turner: It is really looking at the forward cure as it exist today.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So if the forward curve were to shift up, then that's where the NIM benefit comes from?
David J. Turner: That's correct.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then could you give us a little understanding of how you're thinking about non-interest-bearing deposits. I know we had a conversation earlier on the call around the fact that deposit quality has improved significantly. But how are you thinking about what happens to non-interest-bearing deposits in an environment where the forward curve is increasing, and particularly, north the belly of the curve in the 3- to 5-year section?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I mean, it's a great question, and one, we're spending an awful lot of time on trying to figure out how do you forecast sort of customer behavior in a rising REIT market after you've been through several years of such low rates, and there's really not a great empirical model that allows you to forecast this out. We have built that into our liquidity plans. We've built it in to our business plans so that we have quite a bit of variability, depending on changes in customer behavior. Anecdotally, what we're seeing from our customers is just a greater propensity for both individuals and businesses to hold liquidity. We've not seen a great movement when borrowing demands increased that liquidity diminishes to any great degree. We're watching it closely. I dont think we have the answer, but we absolutely realize the importance of monitoring that on a daily basis and looking for trends over each and every quarter. David, anything to add?
David J. Turner: Go ahead, Betsy...
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: No, I was just going to say it's interesting because you've highlighted that line utilization requests are up, and so what you're saying is at -- those customers, where line utilizations are up, their deposits did not -- have not been coming down ahead of those.
O. B. Grayson Hall: On average, that's true. I mean, you look at it on a customer basis, you'll see a little bit of differentiation. But still what we see both in the numbers and in conversation, anecdotally is still customers being conservative and still having a desire for increased levels of liquidity as compared to what you would have seen prior to the economic crisis.
David J. Turner: Yes, Betsy, I think it's a great question. And one, what we do know is you can take the history book, just about toss it out the window because we've been in this low-rate environment for so long. We all have deposits that our non-interest-bearing, in particular. We can go back and look at history. I mean, it's a data point. We study that, but we want to be careful that we don't lean too hard on history. We're sitting here at an 81% loan-to-deposit ratio. We think we're well-positioned for that. We look at liquidity as being the biggest risk we face, and what we want to make sure is what's the impact on profitability as other who aren't that low on loan-deposit ratio, if they start seeing deposits move out, what does that mean from a pricing standpoint? So I think that when we look at our forecast of liquidity, we've shocked that a number of times to see what might happen, and we shock it again after that just to be sure that we don't get caught in a liquidity play, but we still dont know yet exactly what that's going to mean to us.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Because then, you kind of think should you have an LCR that's even above 100% at this stage of the rate cycle. I dont know if that's too aggressive of a comment but...
David J. Turner: And we still have to work through LCR, as we mentioned on the prepared comments. We're pretty close to being there right now. We don't see that being a huge driver. It's clearly something we have to consider. But when we need to get to the point where all that's happening, if that starts to happen, that means we're in a lot better economic environment than we are right at this minute. And while it has its challenges, it has its rewards that go with it as well. So it's a great question, one for all of us, really, to pay attention to as we get closer to that time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Murray with ISI.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Can we spend a minute on expenses again? Just curious if there's any improvement in pension expense baked into your 2014 guidance, and if so, how much?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, there's clearly some pension benefits. To my knowledge, we have not disclosed it at this juncture.
David J. Turner: We're going through all of that right now and getting updates, obviously, discount rate changes. We know there's a high rate environment, and therefore, there should be some benefit of pension expense going forward. And that's baked into our guidance that we've given you, but we hadn't been specific with disclosing that exact amount.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just moving to funding cost for a second, the improved basis points this quarter, you mentioned the CDs that are left repriced, not much of a savings there. Are you sort of out-of-room on the funding cost side?
David J. Turner: I wouldn't say we're out of room. I would just say the kind of improvement that you've seen over the last 2 years for us is slowing quite a bit. When you're 12 basis points of cost of deposits, it's hard to see how that moves. As I mentioned, we have a little over $4 billion of deposits maturing next year. It's almost about a $1 billion -- $1.1 billion each quarter. The first quarter has the bigger benefit, but I think what's coming off there is still -- it's pretty close to what's going on, like 42 basis points, what's going is in the 20 range. So there's not -- there's just not a lot to pick up there. We do have some liability management that we've done. We'll get the full benefit of that in '14 that we executed in '13. So you'll see some pickup there, and all that added together is one of the ways that we're able to give you the stable margin guidance for '14.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just another follow up on the funding side of the equation. Does stable net interest margin outlook contemplate any further liability manage actions outside of just repricing and deposits? And then related to that, you noted that premium am fell to $45 million in the quarter, how much premium amortization is left? What is the assumed duration of those securities today and what yields are you reinvesting today?
David J. Turner: I will tell you on the premium amortization, I think our number is closer to about $700 million. We'll flip pages and find that exact number. That number is slowing down considerably. What's really going on from the maturities and paydowns, going back into the mortgage-backed share in that 275 range, and that's kind of where we'll be. The asset funding, what was your question?
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Is there anything outside of deposit repricing that's contemplated in the liability management side?
David J. Turner: We really kind of run the course of the pure liability component of that. Anything that has to do -- that's tied to capital has to go through the CCAR process. So we need to -- we can't comment really on the capital elements of that, that could -- that manifests themselves at times in interest expense. So you have to wait until March to hear our CCAR results.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. I just have one quick high-level follow-up. David, if I tied together all the guidance that you've given with -- from loan growth, stable margin, lower expenses, is it fair to say that the operating leverage that you drive in 2014 will be more balanced between revenues and expenses relative to your, I believe, your prior guidance whereas it will mostly come from the revenue side?
David J. Turner: We've actually been working on operating leverage from both sides. It's obviously a little easier to move on the expense side. But this year, 2014, we see contributions from both, both revenue and expenses. As we mentioned pretty confidently, our goal is to generate positive operating leverage. We think we have the plan in place to do that. We could change that. It's a very different rate environment than what we're assuming, but we're fairly confident on that. The premium, by the way, is $700 million of amortized, which will be tied to the mortgage-backed. So I just want to confirm that with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Levin with Citi.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I want to ask, you've been a bit more upfront than some of your peers about considering doing -- making acquisition. So in terms of getting a deal done or making an acquisition, has anything changed in terms of the number of conversations you're having or in terms of the regulatory burden that you have to clear to get a deal done?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I mean, I haven't -- I can't comment on the comparative analysis between us and the peers. But clearly, what we're trying to do is to strengthen our balance sheet, finish our derisking activities and put ourselves in position when and where opportunities present themselves, and when and where they're appropriate, but we really have no comment beyond that. I still think it's early yet, and that hold today [ph].
David J. Turner: And let me clarify what you may be getting at. The question we get often times, we got it today, is how do you think about capital allocation. And so we've mentioned acquisitions as the thought process before we get to the return to shareholders. The caveat is if and when those are available, and you need to -- not that we dont want to get the cart before the horse. There are lot of things that need to happen in order to get to that. We do believe acquisitions would be part of our industry. We think it will be part of us, but it will be at the right time. And we're not trying to signal anything other than the capital allocation process on how we think about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Maybe just a couple of quick ones for David. David, you mentioned that you -- we should probably throw out the history books in terms of thinking about deposit outflow. So let we ask the question in a slightly different way. If you were to assume something closer to 80% of the incremental deposits you have in this cycle flowing out rather than maybe the -- rather than a historical number that's closer to 50%, how much of a change would that create in your estimate of the interest rate benefit from higher rates?
David J. Turner: I dont know if I can answer it that way. Let me try to frame it up. When I say throw out the history books, we clearly look at what occurred last cycle, but we've all had deposits that have come into our balance sheets over the past several years. And what we think is happening is that the liquidity requirements of our customers, in particular, our commercial customers that have non-interest-bearing deposits, we think they're not going to -- we think there's a chance that they actually keep more on deposit and leverage up more to preserve that liquidity for a rainy day. We don't know that, that will happen. It may. That's why we go through multiple scenarios with regards to outflows. Clearly, something out of the ordinary deposit outflows. We shock -- we have multiple risk scenarios that we use to establish tolerance, risk tolerance, in the company, subject to board review. If we end up having more outflows than what we think our core is, we'll have a plan to address that. So if it's higher, markedly higher, then there'll be actions that we take well in advance of that occurring so that we don't get caught having to go out and put high price deposits on our books to fund ourselves.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then for my follow-up, in terms of the expense guidance that you provided, I'm presuming that your expense number for '14 is going to be on an adjusted basis as well when we begin that comparison to the 3.43 number that you gave us.
David J. Turner: Yes, I think we put our prepared comments on the same basis. That's what that was intended to do, be clear that it's apples-to-apples.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Matt, I'll go ahead and add. We have in our base scenario for our outflows and deposits a higher percentage than our history indicates. So I just want to point that out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got a question, going back, David, you've pointed out, like just to revisit the expense kind of guidance again. But if you look at the trends through the year, the adjusted operating number went down from around 850 to around 830 in the -- from fourth quarter last year to mid-year. In the mid-year to the end of the year, it increased from that 830 number closer to the 888 or 890-ish type of level in the fourth quarter. To get back down to the annual number, you got to really reverse that trend and get down something close to $850 million. So we're just making sure that the trend and the thought process of what's happened the last couple of quarters are going to reverse, and quarterly, we're going to see incremental declines.
David J. Turner: Marty, our guidance that we're giving you is on an annual basis, and we furthermore indicated that there could be some volatility in a particular quarter. We think looking at this as more long-term basis, one year, is a better indication of kind of our commitment to expense management. You saw our increases in the second half of the year primarily due to investments that we decided to make. We thought it was important to make investments in the revenue generation folks. I've talked about financial results and wealth a couple of times. We're dependent in other areas in -- that we've made those investments in. We also are working down cost. Cost and mortgage, we've talked about cost in our branch network, we'll continue to focus on. We've looked at legal and professional fees. We'll continue to watch that very closely. Our FDIC cost in terms of reducing the risk in our balance sheet such that we get lower charges coming from the FDIC there. So it's no one place, but if you want to get on the run rate, and you see the change that has to happen from the fourth quarter to the first, if you use history, it hasn't come down pretty aggressively, but our commitment is for the year right now. As we get going for the year, we'll be, perhaps, more specific on the quarters, but that's not our message today.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Understood. I'm just trying to get to the kind of benchmark you'd have to get to the full year. And then lastly, the follow-up question would be on the FDIC or deposit administration fees or expenses. You dropped from the mid-30s to $20 million this quarter. Is that a good run rate and does the sell of these TDRs eventually bring it lower than the $20 million per quarter that it was at this quarter so just kind of the continuation of the trend in that line item?
David J. Turner: Yes, we've put in our prepared comments that we thought the run rate would be somewhere between the third quarter and the fourth quarter's number. We did have some unusual things in this quarter that won't repeat so we're giving you guidance that would be between those 2, third and fourth. We do, in our overall expense guidance that were taken into account, changes that we're making on the balance sheet, which includes this quarter's transfer of loans to held-for-sale, and the ultimate disposition of those. So yes, that's already been baked in our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gaston Ceron with MorningStar Equity Research.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just quickly, I just wanted to go back to the branch consolidation issue. So you're cutting 30 offices. So that should take you to around, what, 1,675. I know you didn't say anything -- you didn't say, I think, the number of expenses associated with the offices. I'm curious if you've released the headcount associated with those branches. And also, I thought I saw a comment sort of intra-quarter from one of your executives in one of your conferences about how something to the fact that you're always looking at branch consolidations, but some of the low hanging fruit is gone, given the consolidation that you have done. So I'm curious what does this 30 office cut mean as far as anything we can expect in the future.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I think we've gone through a fairly extensive review of all our branch offices and are -- and we do that on a continuous basis, and so the 30 consolidations that we announced in the fourth quarter shouldn't surprise anyone. This is not new for us. We look at our branch offices literally on a regular basis and make decisions. If you look at remaining offices, we had -- we had a little over 1,700 -- 1,705 offices. By reducing these 30, you have to look at the remaining balance of that and about 1,600 in -- sorry, if you look at full service branches, we had about 1,625 of those. A lot of those other offices, that 1,705 were drive-throughs, just purely drive-throughs, and so you have to back out those drive-throughs to get to full service. So even on the full service, we've gone through a fairly exhaustive process, looking at staffing, looking at transactions, looking at the kinds of technology we have in those offices, and have made decisions that improve the overall efficiency of that channel. We balance that. We're also looking at other channels in terms of our web-based services, and our mobile based services in our contact center, and there is a lot of changes in customer behavior across those channels, and we're finding ways to continue to serve our customers well, but differently. And so branch channels' still very relevant for a big percentage of our customers and a big percentage of our sales, and we'll continue to invest in physical branch offices, but we're going to do it obviously with a lot more discipline than we did, we've embarked on, as we've studied this issue much more closely.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Got it. And I'm sorry, and have you released the headcount associated with the 30 branches or no?
O. B. Grayson Hall: We have not.
David J. Turner: Not yet. That will be a first quarter...
O. B. Grayson Hall: That will be a first quarter event.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A couple of questions. First one, how are you thinking about reserves? Levels or reserves to loans are down to 1.81%. And especially in light of the fact that you took a fairly large 22% mark on the loans you transferred to held-for-sale, and what that would imply for your ongoing provisions, David, [indiscernible] because your core provision were only $4 million when we exclude that portion of the mark that went to the provision line.
David J. Turner: Yes, so we're down to 1 8. We acknowledge the charge taken on the transfer, but those -- that charge is related to the fair value of the loans that exist. And those fair values are derived by the required rate that they would have on those assets today versus that -- the yield that's on that since when they went through a troubled debt restructuring. And if you think about a troubled debt restructuring, one of the ways that you reduce that payment, if you will, from the individual is to reduce the rate. So our primary mechanism of troubled debt restructuring at that time was rate reduction and/or extension in terms, very little press for forgiveness. And -- but the market is demanding a fair value rate today. So when you calculate that, that differential has to go through your reserve, but that is not something that you normally can reserve for in your allowance. So I don't think you can equate the reduction to the adequacy of the 1 8. I will tell you, as our credit metrics continue to improve, including a reduction in nonperformers, reduction in credit size and class size, our reduction in the past dues, our reduction in the transfers going into nonperforming loan coming down, leaves us to believe that our reserve level will continue to decline. We're at a charge-off of 67 basis points this quarter. As Grayson mentioned, there are a couple of things in there that cause that to be higher than what we thought it might be, which was continue to be lower than that number. So we see charge-offs continuing to come down, but maybe see volatility in here. But we feel good about where we're reserving, and then our provision will continue to be lower as a result of that credit -- "credit leverage" that we have in the reserve, but we'll have to see.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, in light of that, though, David, if you take out that $151 million mark, your net charge-offs of $127 million and your provisioning, your core provision was $4 million, so how should we think about, going forward, even if that $127 million comes on, where does that $4 million trend to?
David J. Turner: Well, we'll have to see how things settle out in terms of the ultimate reserve levels. But we do expect that $127 million to continue to come down as a whole, again, with some volatility. Where it stops and where the terminal point is, we'll have to see. We would argue that it wouldn't be sustainable that it will be $4 million every single quarter. But given our reserve levels, compared to how our credit metrics are trending, makes us feel good that we have the right reserve levels today, and how low they can go, we're just going to have to see.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And Grayson, I have a follow-up for you. The loan growth that you said you raised by 1%, is that just reflecting the loan because you sold about 1% of loan? Is that simply that's what's being reflected there?
David J. Turner: It's actually -- it's we went and looked at our expectations of GDP growth for next year, slightly higher than we had a quarter or so ago. We feel incrementally better about that. And as a result of that, in talking to our business groups and team leaders, we felt that an increase from the 2% to 4% that we had indicated a quarter or so ago, that 3% to 5% was a better indicator of what that percentage of increase could be.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But then when you -- given that you did sell 1% of loans, would that mean that some dollar amount delta that didn't really change that much, right?
David J. Turner: Yes, it's because the base is so large. It's just not that big of a change.
O. B. Grayson Hall: There are no more questions, and so we thank you for your time, and attention on this call, and we'll stand adjourned.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations O. B. Grayson Hall - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of The Executive Council David J. Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member of The Executive Council Barbara Godin - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brian Nash Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Michael Rose - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. List Underwood: Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation in our call this morning. Our presenters today are: our Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner. Other members of the management team are present as well and available to answer questions as appropriate. Also as part of our earnings call, we will be referencing the slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Finally, let me remind you that in this call, and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. For further details, please reference our forward-looking statement that is located in the Appendix of the presentation. Grayson?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Regions and participation in our third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Today, we reported earnings of $285 million for the quarter, demonstrating our steady focus on executing our strategic priorities and business plans. Our continued progress is reflected by many key measures. We grew total loans for the second consecutive quarter. We expanded our customer base. We increased net interest income both year-over-year and linked quarter, and we achieved broad-based asset quality improvement. Year-to-date, we grew loans nearly $2 billion, including just over $900 million in the third quarter. Importantly, this loan growth extended to both consumer and business lending portfolios. Looking first at business lending, commercial lending remained a significant driver of overall loan growth. We have a simple and yet effective model that focuses on relationship banking through high-quality customer service, coupled with industry expertise. The model is enabling us to expand our customer base and grow our loans outstanding. Despite this modest growth, uncertainties surrounding economic and political conditions as well as interest rates, continued to weigh on business demand for new loans in our overall business marketplace. On the consumer side, we have realized steady increases in new credit card production, with active cardholders rising to highest number since we purchased the card portfolio 2 years ago. Over the last year, we increased our customer penetration rate by approximately 110 basis points, demonstrating a succes for our marketing and sales effort. Further, we grew our indirect auto loan portfolio for the 11th consecutive quarter. We currently have relationships with approximately 25% of the auto dealers across our 16-state franchise, and we continue to build on our dealer network. However, we do this while adhering to disciplined credit parameters. In line with our expectations, mortgage loan production declined 16% in the third quarter. As we transitioned from a refinance to a purchase-driven market, we are adapting our business model to adjust for the overall production slowdown. Customers remain at the center of our overall strategy, and our commitment to providing products and services that customers need and want remain steadfast. This means constantly building and improving our technology infrastructure for both our consumer products and services and back-office platforms. To that end, we have made strategic investments in our people and technology. During the third quarter, we added almost 400 new positions, many in customer facing, revenue-generating and compliance areas. We are also making investments on our risk management and compliance infrastructure, and will continue to do so in order to effectively manage the evolving industry demands. As we have consistently said, we will continue to make prudent investments in our future by adhering to an expense discipline. At the core of our strategy is Regions 360, which, as you may recall, is the approach we take to serving our customers and our communities. We believe this strategy of building a stronger relationship banking culture at Regions will drive revenue, increased associate retention and ultimately drive substantial growth. Prudent risk management, another key component of our sustainable growth strategy, also continue to pay off in the third quarter. Net charge-offs, as a percent of loans, was 0.6% at the end of the quarter, as net charge-offs declined to the lowest level in more than 5 years. We achieved improvement in virtually every credit metric, as our credit asset quality continues to improve. Finally, we were able to return capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchase, and have now completed essentially all of the $350 million of authorized share repurchases. In summary, overall third quarter results reflect positive momentum, as we stay focused on moving the company forward. We still have work to do, but continue to successfully execute our strategic priorities and business plans to deliver long-term value to our shareholders. I'll now turn it over to David for a more detailed look at third quarter results. David?
David J. Turner: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Lets begin with the balance sheet. As Grayson mentioned, we achieved solid loan growth again this quarter, as total loans increased over $900 million or 1% from the second quarter. We grew almost every loan category with both business and consumer lending up quarter-over-quarter. Starting with business lending, which includes our commercial and investor real estate portfolios, in total, these loans increased 2% from the end of the prior quarter. This growth continues to be led by our commercial and industrial portfolio, as ending loans grew 3% quarter-over-quarter. The growth in this portfolio was driven by our real estate corporate banking group, or our REIT lending, and our specialized lending groups also had a strong quarter, with healthcare and technology lending, in particular, achieving significant growth. Asset-based lending was also a strong contributor for loan growth in the quarter. Total business lending production was $13.8 billion, an increase of 18% over the prior year. Commitments for new loans were up $306 million or 6% from the prior quarter, and pipelines remain solid, and we are beginning to see some pickup in M&A activity among our client base and modest increases in small business lending. Production in the investor real estate portfolio increased from the second quarter, and offset the pace of derisking, which has slowed considerably. Investor real estate loan balances totaled $7 billion at quarter end, a decline of $84 million or 1% from the prior quarter. Growth in the investor real estate production was driven by single-family and multifamily construction, and July and August were the highest production months in the last 3 years. While balances in the investor real estate portfolio may fluctuate depending on production levels, derisking and payoff activity, we believe that we may be close to stabilization in the portfolio. Now turning to consumer lending, this portfolio increased 1% from the previous quarter, marking the pivotal shift in balance trends. Our indirect auto portfolio achieved 7% loan growth from the prior quarter. In addition to expanding our dealer network, we are focused on increasing our number of loans per dealer by developing technology that will improve response time for loan request, which should ultimately serve increased loan production. However, we will remain disciplined with respect to our conservative credit requirements and policies. Credit card balances were also up this quarter, as our number of active cardholders increased almost 4%. Carried in balances totaled approximately $900 million, an increase of 3.5%, as we experienced 5 consecutive months of balance increases. Much of this growth was driven by our marketing efforts through balance transfer offers extending to our listing customer base. Mortgage balances were steady from the previous quarter due to the slowdown of mortgage refinancing activity. In addition, declines in our home equity portfolio has slowed considerably. Strong customer demand for our fixed rate home equity loan product is offsetting the impact of customer deleveraging on the variable rate home equity line product. As a result, we expect the pace of decline in our overall home equity portfolio to slow. All in all, our third quarter loan growth was stronger than anticipated. And looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect loan growth to continue, but at a more moderate pace. Let's move on to the liability side of the balance sheet. Deposit mix and costs continue to improve in the third quarter. Total average low-cost deposits increased $473 million from the previous quarter, and time deposits fell to just 11% of total deposits. This positive repricing and mix shift resulted in deposit costs declining 2 basis points, down to 13 basis points. As a result, total funding costs for the company declined 5 basis points to 35 basis points. Although opportunities to further reduce deposit costs are diminishing, we still have an additional $4.6 billion of CDs maturing in the next 12 months at an average rate of 31 basis points, and this compares to our current average going on rates for new CDs of approximately 19 basis points. Now let's look at how all this has impacted net interest income in the margin. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was $838 million, up $17 million or 2% from the previous quarter. The resulting net interest margin was higher than we expected at 3.24%, an increase of 8 basis points from the previous quarter. The liability management and investment portfolio actions we took late in the second quarter provided a 7 basis point lift to third quarter margin. These actions, as well as continued improvements in deposit costs, has helped to offset the effects of a persistently low interest rate environment. Although lower loan and investment yield pressure net interest margin, this effect has been largely offset in recent quarters by our improving mix and cost of deposits and borrowings. The opportunity for the margin to further benefit from lower deposit cost will subside in future quarters. However, the increase in long-term rates has provided some tailwind. Rising rates are expected to be beneficial to our net interest margin as our asset-sensitive balance sheet reacts favorably to increases in both short-term and long-term rates. Higher long-term rates affect prepayment behavior. As a result, we experienced a positive impact from lower premium amortization in our securities portfolio. Lower premium amortization contributed approximately 5 basis points increase to the margin and totaled $59 million for the quarter. Of course, higher long-term rates also benefit reinvestment yields on fixed-rate loans and securities. With rates at their present level, we expect net interest margin to remain relatively stable. Additional details surrounding our interest rate is in the -- can be found in the Appendix of the accompanying presentation. Let's take a look now at noninterest revenue. Third quarter noninterest revenue was relatively flat from the previous quarter due to an increase in service charges that was offset by a decline in mortgage income. Also, during the quarter, we divested a non-core portion of our Wealth Management business, which resulted in a pretax gain of $24 million. As expected, mortgage income declined in the third quarter, as production slowed as a result of fewer refinances due to the recent rise in interest rates. Mortgage revenue declined 25% and loan production declined 16% over the prior quarter. New home purchases continue to drive mortgage origination volume and accounted for 60% of total mortgage originations compared to 37% a year ago. Importantly, we have already started adjusting our mortgage operations model to account for the reduction in applications. Some cost, like commission expense, declined immediately. However, the other expenses will experience a lag before the savings are realized. We expect fourth quarter production volumes to continue to decline another 15% to 20% from third quarter levels. Service charges increased $14 million from the previous quarter. Importantly, new checking account production increased 4% over the second quarter, which should serve to facilitate future cross-sell and revenue opportunities. The products like our Now Banking suite continues to gain traction and a number of households using these products increased 66% over the past year. Of note, almost 60% of these customers are new to Regions, providing us with additional opportunities for revenue growth. Also, Now Banking prepaid cards increased 57%. Let's take a look at expenses on the next slide. Noninterest expenses totaled $884 million in the third quarter. As you may recall, expenses benefited last quarter from a lower level of legal and professional fees and unfunded commitment expense. Also, last quarter included $56 million of debt extinguishment costs related to the early termination of certain debt and preferred securities compared to the $5 million we incurred this quarter. Also this quarter, legal and professional fees increased 6% compared to the prior year and totaled $34 million. Salaries and benefits increased slightly this quarter due to additional staffing in many revenue-generating and customer-facing areas. Expenses have also increased related to investments that we have made to our compliance and risk management infrastructure. We continue to rigorously review all expenses on an ongoing basis, which includes personnel, occupancy, furniture and equipment, as well as branch rationalization opportunities, and you should expect some fluctuation in expenses on a quarter-to-quarter basis as we make investments to generate revenue growth in the future. However, if the revenue does not materialize, we will reduce expenses accordingly. We expect fourth quarter expenses will approximate those of this quarter and the 2013 expenses will be modestly lower than those of 2012. Let's move on to asset quality. We're very pleased with the overall improvement of our asset quality. Net charge-offs declined 21% linked quarter and 64% from the prior year, and reached the lowest level in more than 5 years, representing 60 basis points of total average loans. Total loan loss provision was $18 million, which was $96 million less in net charge-offs. As a result, the allowance to loans declined 15 basis points, and was 2.03% at quarter end. Our nonperforming loans declined 10%. In addition, inflows of nonperforming loans declined 39% to $199 million. Our loan loss allowance to nonperforming loans was 114% at the end of the third quarter. Notably, criticized and classified loans, which is one of the best and earliest indicators of asset quality, continued to decline, with commercial and investor real estate criticized loans down 10% from the second quarter. Classified loans have declined 67% from the peak in the fourth quarter of 2009, and based on what we know today, we expect continued improvement in asset quality going forward. Let's look at capital and liquidity. Our capital position remains strong as our estimated Tier 1 ratio at the end of the quarter stood at the 11.6%. Our estimated Tier 1 Common ratio was 11.1%, which is relatively consistent with the prior quarter. We estimate our fully phased-in pro forma Basel III Tier 1 Common ratio will be approximately 10.4% and is well above the minimum threshold. Liquidity at both the bank and the holding company remains solid with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 82%. And lastly, based on our understanding of the new amendments, Regions remains well-positioned to be fully compliant with respect to the liquidity coverage ratio. So I'd say, in summary, our third quarter results reflect our focus on moving the company forward, and we will continue to seek opportunities to build on this positive momentum and maximize shareholder returns. I'll now turn it back to List for instructions on the Q&A portion of our call.
M. List Underwood: Thanks, David. We are ready to begin the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Now let's open it up, the lines, operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay so a couple of questions. One is on loan growth. You indicated that you are likely to see a little bit of a deceleration rate in loan growth as we go into 4Q. And I just wanted to understand where that's coming from because you do have good momentum in many of your asset classes and you indicated that home equity was likely to shrink less. So if you could give us some color on where the moderation comes from.
O. B. Grayson Hall: So I think that when you look at the loan growth that we had in the third quarter, this was a little stronger than we had initially anticipated. We began the third quarter, we had signaled that we thought the third quarter typically, which is a seasonably slow quarter for a lot of our lending activities, we fully expect it to be a little more modest than it was in this quarter. We exceeded our expectations. We still continue to temper our expectations for the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter typically is a strong seasonal quarter for us in terms of lending activity. Last year, in particular, was strong due to a lot of anticipated tax structure changes. We don't anticipate a repeat of that this year, but we do anticipate that fourth quarter will be a good quarter. We've got good solid momentum, but we do -- we are being a little conservative, if you will, on what we think our opportunities are in the fourth quarter. We'd certainly be delighted to exceed those expectations, but right now, we've tried to moderate our expectations given the economy.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. But you were -- you're also looking at year-on-year growth as opposed to linked quarter annualized growth?
O. B. Grayson Hall: That's correct.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up on indirect auto, nice increase there. Could you maybe give us a little bit of more color? I know that you have been increasing the auto dealers that you've been working with. Could you give us a sense as to what types of products? Are there incremental product types that you're going into as well?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. We really have not expanded our product types. We've stayed pretty close to the structure we've had all along. We continue to encouraged by the growth in that market, although that market has become more competitive, and I do see some competitions on both rate and term in that segment of our portfolio. What we tried to do is continue to grow our dealer network, and we've been pleased with the number of dealers that we've been able to add. But quite -- but we've been very focused on trying to sell deeper into the existing dealers that we have on board to try to generate more volume from those dealers. But we really have not expanded our product set or our credit criteria for that space. We've tried to remain very disciplined. We probably may be giving up some volume, given the credit disciplines we've got in place, but we still believe it's the correct strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Nash: Just a follow up on the expense outlook. So you talked about 4Q being flat with 3Q, and just as you're looking forward to 2014, I mean, you're one of the few banks that actually generates some top line growth, and I understand that -- and this is showing that some of the investments are working. But just beyond 4Q, how do we think about the trajectory of expenses into 2014? Should we expect expenses to be down again? Or are you more targeting positive operating leverage? And how should we think about the path of the efficiency ratio?
David J. Turner: Brian, this is David. I will tell you, and it's a little premature for us to give you the '14 expense numbers, but let me give you -- try to frame it up. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, we have made investments to grow our revenue. We've done a pretty good job of managing expenses, and if you look at our noninterest expense in just about any category, average assets at the yields [ph], we're one of the lowest in our industry. We need to grow our revenue, which is why we've made the investments that we have. So an example of that would be in Wealth Management, where that is a relatively new business group for us where we've invested in financial consultants, and we expect that revenue to come. It just doesn't happen in a particular quarter. So I think you kind of nailed it with operating leverage. Our goal is to generate positive operating leverage, and we think we can do that by making smart investments. If you look at the efficiency ratio, obviously, our efficiency ratio was up this quarter. We still expect, over time, to be in that 55%, 59% range. Need a rate increase to help us do that, but our focus is on growing revenue because that's really where we think, overall, the generation of shareholder value comes from, and that's really what our game plan is.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I'd say, Brian, I'd say, additionally, and as we've seen a slowdown in mortgage, that's going to take a little while to play out from an expense standpoint. Clearly, we're adjusting our operating model to what we anticipate to be the volume of activity coming through that channel.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, and then just as a follow-up on the interest margin. Does this kind of play in the changes in the rates or liability, management actions from here? I mean, your outlook's calling for stable, but you still have some funding levers. The securities portfolio appears to have bottomed. Loan yields are declining at a decelerating pace. So I'm just trying to understand, given the move in the margin this quarter, is this just your guidance is coming in a bit conservative? Or is the competition that intense, such that you see a pickup in asset yield pressure from here?
David J. Turner: Well, we had an increase of 8 points on NIM, and we're calling for that to be stable. It's obviously dependent on rates. We benefit from short-term and long-term rates, and so I think we need to see what impact that prepayments will have. That was a big driver of our improvement in NIM, as our premium amortization came down from about $72 million to $59 million. We think if rates will stay kind of where they are right now, we know we've had a little bit of rally today but -- in rates. But we think that stability in the margin for the fourth quarter, in particular, can continue. We do have a couple of levers, as I mentioned, on the deposit cost. There's not as much there as we have seen in the past, but we can pick up a couple of points perhaps. And we still have some -- as we look at long-term debt and think about that, that's less available to us because most of those debt instruments are really tied to capital. So we'll have to consider that in our CCAR process, but we worked our funding cost down to 35 basis points. We have little bit more to go there. But, again, I think our focus is on generating the asset side of the balance sheet, and we're seeing growth. We've now grown in a couple of quarters, and that's encouraging to us.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, and I would just add from a loan competition, loan pricing, loan yields perspective, then I would agree with your earlier comment. You saw pressure on that for several quarters, but the level of pressure seems to have subsided to a degree. Rates seem to have stabilized sort of where they're at today. That could change over time, but right now, we don't see a lot of pressure on that particular category.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Back to the loan yields, quickly, as a follow up there to that discussion, the loan yield was only off about 2 bps in the quarter. Based upon your commentary, you sound pretty confident in the sustainability there. I mean, should we expect that this is the range of a quarterly compression that we could see in that yield? Or could it accelerate a bit?
David J. Turner: John, I think that our guidance was really all-in versus breaking it in individual parts. I think we did have a modest decline in loan yields there. A lot of that's really dependent on mix changes that you see. I think that in this low-rate environment, the longer it persists, you should continue to see a grind down in terms of loan yields, albeit our pace, which was only 2 basis points. Maybe it's not quite that low. Maybe we have a little more of a decline, but I think our funding side protects us quite a bit there. So that's why we're able to give you confidence on the stability of the margin, all-in.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. And then on the loan growth front, can you talk a little bit more about -- I know you mentioned it quickly in your prepared comments around the commercial real estate inflection, and particularly, in the investors' CRE book. Can you talk about your confidence of seeing that and when we could really see a material turn in that book?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I think that what we said this time is that we've seen new production improve, albeit from a very low level, and we also would say that new production is more broad across different commercial real estate asset classes than you would have seen 1 quarter or 2 before, but it's still relatively small. And we think that, given where our commercial real estate -- investor commercial real estate portfolios today, is that we could be reaching a point of stabilization, and an inflection point would assume that we have rapid growth beyond that point. I do think we'll stabilize or start to grow modestly in that portfolio, but we're remaining very disciplined and prudent in what we put into that portfolio and -- but I would say that, at this juncture, we're encouraged by some of the increased demand for that product.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And is that 1 quarter or 2 away, that stabilization, Grayson?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think a lot of it, knowing what we know today, I think that's a reasonable assumption, but some of this is the entities behind these asset sometimes accelerate payoffs and pay downs that we can't necessary anticipate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is a follow-up to Ryan. We're calculating an adjusted efficiency ratio of 68% this quarter, which is higher than the mid 60s that you've been trending over the past quarter. As we look out into your near-term efficiency goals next year, could you get back to that mid-60% level? And is message on this call is that getting back to that mid-60% level really going to come on the revenue side at this point?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, Erika, I think it predominantly comes from revenue side, but it will also come from expense reduction on the mortgage side of our business as well. David, anything you want to add?
David J. Turner: Yes. I think we have been at the 63% range. We popped up to 67%. We expect to work that down on both sides. Also, we have levers on expense all the time. But we really want to be careful that we don't just shoot for a particular goal in any given quarter on efficiency. We want to make the proper investments for the long-term growth of our business. So I think the predominant driver will be revenue. And we expect that to come through our investments that we've made. Now if it doesn't, we adjust expenses accordingly to work that down, because we're not going to sit here and accept a 67% efficiency ratio.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And as a follow-up to that, could you give us a little bit more color on which business lines you're currently investing in?
David J. Turner: Well, it's been across-the-board. So I gave one example earlier. Wealth Management was our new business group that we started investing in this year. We've hired quite a few financial consultants. If you look at our headcount additions, almost half of those are revenue generation folks. So Wealth Management is one area. We've hired additional people in our branch distribution channel. That's where the vast majority of our products are sold. And we needed more people to grow revenue, grow households out in that channel. So those are two. We're also invested in relationship managers across the board in multiple geographies, and especially lending and general business. We have the capital liquidity. We're ready to go. We're ready to invest and make -- and grow our revenue, because you cannot generate shareholder value in the long-term from expense reductions. You got to make prudent investments to get the revenue going and we are -- that's our bet we're making, and if that doesn't come, we'll adjust accordingly. But it's really across the board. There's no one particular place.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Murray of ISI.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I'm going to beat the expense horse one more time. Just curious, when you think about the headcount additions, let's say, in areas like Wealth Management, how much more hiring do you think needs to occur? And then what kind of revenue lift or productivity goals do you have there and sort of what's the breakeven? Does it take 6 months, 12 months, 18 months? Just curious on that.
David J. Turner: Yes, I think, we make -- so you picked on Wealth Management on that particular one. We make investments in people who'll pay for themselves within a year. And so it's pretty quick. And different businesses have different time frames in terms of when they pay for the investment. So again, we can react pretty quickly. We mentioned the reaction we can make on mortgage. Our mortgage, the production for purchases is up. We have mortgage loan originators dealing with that, but then we have adjusted the back office. So we're moving our expenses around to give us the best return we can. But these investments that were making in revenue generation areas, we should see revenue growing quarter to quarter to quarter. The question is different investments have a different length of time to return.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if we just switch sides to the overall balance sheet, I know loan growth was very healthy this quarter. But total interest-earning assets declined a little bit versus second quarter. Where do you see the overall balance sheet heading? And should we just expect more of a mixed change, meaning more loans, less securities going forward?
David J. Turner: Yes, Keith, what you saw on the earning asset change was really the recognition of the transaction that we made last quarter, the deleverage. We sold some investment securities late in the quarter last quarter, so they weren't -- they didn't manifest themselves until a decline in the average assets, until this quarter. We're kind of there. We think we've stabilized earning asset levels, and we grow from here. So that was really the anomaly that you saw. If you go back and look at ending, you can kind of see what I'm talking about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: As we think about some of the compliance and regulatory costs that you mentioned, are you able to size how big they are either in tax-free terms or maybe the change versus a year ago? And are you fully ramped there? Or is there still some increase to come related to those areas?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Matt, I think that the -- clearly, in the environment we're all operating in, we're -- it's an evolving, involving [ph] environment that we continue to make investments in audit, in compliance and in risk management. I think those investments will continue to mature over time. As we're obviously able to recognize more of these processes and be more productive, you'll see some rationalization of those resources. But for right now, I think, we still see an involving and increasing risk management environment, and we're continuing to make investments as we see appropriate. That being said, we have to figure out a way to fund that, pay for that on the business side of the house. And that's why we're investing equally in the customer-facing, revenue-producing side. That tends to be somewhat optimistic -- I mean opportunistic because we are looking for talented team members to add to our team, because our primary focus is serving our customers and we need good bankers to be able to do that and we are finding those in select markets and making those investments when we believe they've got fairly rapid payback.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just switching gears on the premium amortization. I think, it's about 23 basis-point drag to the net interest margin this quarter. And as we think about that drag going away over time, assuming rates stay here, do we just think about kind of an average life of the portfolio 3 to 4 years? And it's probably not exactly straight lined, but that thought process or...
David J. Turner: Yes, Matt. So we were down quite a bit. Our duration is right at 4 years. You can't straight line it, but you can do that as a proxy. I think starting the quarter, we had right at $800 million of amortizable premium. We amortized $59 million, so the delta is left. We do make investments in each quarter, but -- so we're down to $740-ish million of amortizable premium. So you can do your math to get a proxy for that over the 4-year duration.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess with where the rates are right now, are you still buying bonds or premiums? Or -- I'm sure the premiums are a lot smaller than they were before, but is it still mostly premiums that you're buying?
David J. Turner: That's true. They're just not as large as you mentioned, but yes, we do.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was going to ask you about deposits. As you're making the significant shift to the lower-cost deposits, are you seeing total deposits kind of continuing to move lower? It does look like, if you look at the period in numbers, you're at an inflection point that you might start to see deposits growing again. Is that kind of what you're thinking about and starting to see some stabilization, even grow there?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, Marty, as we sort of going through the cycle, and to David's earlier point, deposits costs are down to 13 basis points. Not sure how much room there is, but if they go lower, maybe it's a point or 2. But what we've seen is now time deposits are 11% of our book. We're still growing low-cost deposits but not growing the time book. And as that time deposit book, as they have maturities, we're retaining just over 70% of the customers who have maturing CDs in the Time Deposit segment. Those that we don't retain, some portion of them are putting monies in their -- into money market or into savings, we're at -- we're very close to the point where we believe, we can start showing net growth in total deposits depending on customer behavior. But as we've got our book down to this roughly 11% mix of time deposits, I think we're a much better position as you look forward. We think this has been a good strategy for us. We think it's really helped us during this point in time. That being said, as rates increase, we're trying to model what happens to deposits. There's not a lot of historical models for how deposits will react in this kind of market because we've never really been here before. But we're spending an awful lot of time understanding what we believe to be customer behaviors in a rising rate environment.
David J. Turner: Marty, I'll add something that's quite interesting this quarter on deposits. So we had been retaining in total about 70% of our deposits, whether it be in CDs, rolling over into a new CD or other core deposits. That number was up to about 80%, so 70% of it, as Grayson mentioned, went into -- retained as a CD. But we had -- the delta there going into core deposits. So it's quite -- it wasn't the run-off that we had seen earlier. And I -- we can suspect that was related to rates have just been lower and the delta between what's maturing and what's going on is not as great as it was. But we feel good about our deposits balances. The investments we've made that we've talked about in terms of people should also help us grow those deposits, and we're looking forward to that, because you never have enough low-cost deposits.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: When I was just looking at the period end numbers, if you look at interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing, the total number actually was up over the average. So it looked like it was starting to signal that inflection point. And then, lastly, David, I was just curious, as you've made this big shift out of time deposits, when rates start to go up, do you think you can kind of go back in and start recapturing some of that market share when the time and the market's appropriate?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Marty, this is -- what we've tried to do is during this time period, we're actually running some number of different strategies in some of our markets to try to determine what the customer behavior will be. That -- today, our loan-to-deposit ratio is 82%. So we don't necessarily need additional deposits today, although we're always looking for new customers and trying to grow our deposit base. And so, we are running a number of different strategies across our markets so that we can find what's the best strategy for raising deposits when that time occurs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom of SunTrust Robinson.
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, looking at charge-offs, it looks like much of the sequential improvement came from lower C&I and owner-occupied CRE. And I'm curious to know there if that was a function of lower units of charge-off or lesser degree of severity, or higher degrees of recovery, or what the lot loss content experience was.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We've got our Chief Credit Officer, Barb Godin, with us today. We'll ask Barb if she'd answer that question.
Barbara Godin: Certainly. It's a little bit of both. What we've seen is the granularity of our portfolio has clearly gotten a lot smaller. We really don't have that many credits, particularly those that charged off, that were more than $1 million. We've only had a handful. So that explains a lot of those averages coming down. Same thing with number of units came down and the loss of [indiscernible] that had also came down.
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And then maybe just jumping back to the NIM for a moment. Looks like you've got a couple of chunks of long-term debt coming up in '14. I think it's $350 million and something like $850 million in '15. What would be your intent with respect to refunding those maturities at this point?
David J. Turner: Yes. We constantly look at our maturities a couple of years in advance. We will get to a point we need to add new long-term debt. So we do have a slug coming due in the latter part of 2014, and we've dealt with that already in our liquidity profile because of our policy. So we would -- you should expect us to be in the market at -- in the not-too-distant future.
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And if I may just sneak in one more. The -- with respect to the -- it looks like, sorry, back to your credit. The 30- to 89-day past due seem to be sneaking up in a number of buckets. And I'm just wondering how we reconcile that with the overall decline in asset quality trends. So that's it for me.
Barbara Godin: It's Barb Godin again. A lot of that does have to do with seasonality, especially as you think of any -- at the consumer bucket. With back to School, et cetera, happening, we typically do see the 30- to 89-day delinquencies go up. On the Business Services side in general, that's usually 1 or 2 accounts. We've looked at all of them. There is nothing in there that suggests that there's any trends at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rose of Raymond James.
Michael Rose - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to get the little sense on the Now Banking initiative. It seems like there was good increase in utilization there. Can we just kind of get an overview for that contributed to deposit service charges and what your outlook is there?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I mean the -- we continue to look at ways to improve our product set to serve our customers. And the Now Banking suite has been an attractive offering for us. It's growing from a relatively low base. So the contribution to our earnings from that product set are still relatively small, but growing. And so -- but more importantly, it's given us the opportunity to really serve our customers and to try to attract new customers into our branches. I think the most exciting part is 60% of the customers are new to Regions. So it's given us an opportunity to really attract more people into our branch offices and garner more utilization of that branch channel to try to serve an even greater number of customers. David, do you want to talk a little bit about contribution?
David J. Turner: Yes. I think, as Grayson mentioned, they're still relatively small. I think, kind of if you look at the run rate for the year, we'd be in the $15 million to $20 million range and growing. So we're encouraged by the growth, not because of just the dollars today, but where we think it can go over time, serving customer segments that hadn't been served before as well. And it gives us a chance to grow households there. And if you look at our footprint, you look at the opportunities for Now Banking suite, it's pretty large. So we're encouraged by that.
Michael Rose - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-on to that, is there updates is kind of working with the CFPB in regards to this product? And have they given you any additional feedback?
David J. Turner: Not on this product. No, this is really prepaid debit card and check cashing and expedited bill pay. Those are the kind of products [indiscernible] and funds transfer. So they're really not a -- these are good core products and we don't see issues relative to that agency on this.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on commercial loan utilization rates. A number of your competitors have said that those softened in the third quarter versus the second quarter. I'm curious if you've had the same experience on what your expectations are for the fourth quarter.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Matt, we haven't seen that. I mean, our utilization rates of lines is relatively flat, didn't move much at all during the quarter. If fourth quarter follows historical trends, we'll probably see a little increase in utilization. But so far, just really haven't seen much movement in it this quarter.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just pulling up a little bit, in terms of the buyback, you mentioned that you're pretty fully used, your current authorization. And is it fair to assume that you would not really plan on doing much more in the buyback front until you are out of the 2014 capital planning process?
David J. Turner: Yes, I mean as you know, any account actually requires approval from our regulatory supervisors. So we executed, as we mentioned -- when the CCAR came out with what our plan was, we executed in accordance with that plan as our board allowed and as regulatory supervisors authorized. So if we want to have additional return to the shareholders via buyback or dividend, it requires us to submit a CCAR filing and ask for permission. [indiscernible] as we do 2014 CCAR.
Operator: Your next mission comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I had to jump off, so I apologize if you've answered this question. Can you guys share with us, on indirect the auto, you've had obviously good growth here. There's been some commentary in the media about the Consumer Protection Bureau going after the dealers with the dealer reserve. What's your guys' view on that? How can you manage that process if they're forced, the dealers, to lower that reserve going forward?
David J. Turner: Couple of things, Gerard, that I'd point to. First, the banks represent about 42% of this market. So there are captives [ph] and others that are in this market. There has been some indication of wanting to get that down. We have seen competition come down to where we've been. And we continue to monitor that, monitor our dealers. We have an aggressive program to go in and make sure our dealers are being fair to the customer. And when we find the dealer is not, we don't do business with the dealer. It's pretty straightforward, and we feel very confident with what we're doing. That being said, we'll have to wait and see. And as we know, there's a -- the regulatory environment can change, and we have to adapt and overcome. We've done that over and over through the numerous changes that have occurred over the past several years, and we'll continue to do that in this case. But we feel confident where we are right now that we're doing the right thing by our customer.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the second question, shifting gears, obviously you guys are very well-capitalized. And I know regional banks do not know what their Basel III Tier 1 Common ratios will be under the new rulings. Clearly, 7% is the minimum, but maybe there'll be a small SIFI buffer. When you do your CCAR, what's to prevent you from -- for asking for a 100% payback -- or return of capital, I should say, of earnings 2014?
David J. Turner: Physically, nothing is to prevent us. The -- what we don't want that happen is -- it's incumbent upon us to manage our capital in an appropriate manner. And that starts with our Board of Directors and goes through all of us at managed capital. And there's a lot of us through this capital planning process to that. So we want to make sure that we have an appropriate amount of capital. And then whatever we deem to be appropriate is submitted to our regulatory supervisors for their sign off. And that includes spot capital and stress capital. So nothing prevents us. It just needs -- we need to put in something that makes sense that's credible that's based on our strategy and what we're going to do with our balance sheet. And there are a lot of factors that go into managing capital. So it's not as easy to say just -- clearly have plenty of capital today to be able to return 100%. We haven't seen that in our industry. We clearly want to utilize our capital in the most efficient way when that's -- whether it be dividends or share buybacks. But most importantly, we use the capital that shareholders gave us and that we generated through our operations to invest in our business going forward. And that's what we primarily want to do first. And we think loan growth, investing in businesses, like our credit card portfolio that we bought, sometimes M&A, will come back and that'll be a place to utilize capital. And if we can't do those things, return it to the shareholders is right thing to do. So all of that goes into our thought process. We're in the middle of that as we speak, and we think we'll have a very good -- we have a very good capital planning process with good governance and we'll exercise that and file our CCAR in 2014. And you'll see the results of that soon afterwards, but nothing's technically to prevent you from doing it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gaston Ceron of Morningstar Equity Research.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to go back to the issue of loan growth for a second. As you look at across your key markets, whether you're looking at Florida or Alabama, or some of the other large ones, I mean is there any way to kind of parse through quickly and get some color on how loan growth is behaving different -- demand for loans is behaving differently in some of these key markets? Or is it pretty even across the board, would you say?
O. B. Grayson Hall: No, I think that if you -- you look at sort of our loan growth, and I would -- actually, we decipher that geographically and also by lending segment. And you've got, geographically, clearly a lot of the growth is -- has come out of the markets that have energy-related activities, Louisiana and Texas. A lot of our growth also has come out of some of the Midwest markets in St. Louis and also Indianapolis, been particularly strong in those markets. But even in the markets that have been the most challenged, if you will, like a Florida, we're seeing the pace of loan run-off there materially slow and the pace of new production improve. So as I mentioned earlier in my comments, I believe I mentioned this, is that we grew -- in our 16-state footprint, we grew loans in 70% of our markets. We divide those 16 states in 19 markets and we grew in 70% of those. And so it's broader this quarter than it was last quarter, geographically. It's also broader from a lending segment as well. Still -- there's still a lot of dominance in the large commercial and corporate space, but we did see more activity in the commercial middle market and even in small business, and even in consumer this quarter, than we saw previous quarter. So incrementally better, incrementally broader is what I would say. And geographically, geographically not all geographies are behaving the same today, but closer than they were.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And are you growing any more optimistic about Florida, would you say, or not?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Ask your question again, please?
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry, are you growing more optimistic about Florida getting even better or not? It's holding steady...
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, we are. I mean the housing recovery, we say, is real. Florida was at the center of this economic storm, and so recovering a little slower and later than some of our other markets, but clearly recovering and we're optimistic about it. We think long term it's going to be a good market for us. We've just got to be disciplined in how we do business there.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: A couple of clean-up ones here. So, David, I was just wondering, can you help us dimensionalize the magnitude of the cost reduction that could come out of the Mortgage business as you get around to that point of level setting that back to the new revenue run rate?
David J. Turner: Ken, it's hard to come up with a point estimate on dollars. I think what we need to do is adjust it according to what the revenue opportunities. Our revenue opportunities are different than the other areas. Remember, we're more of a purchase shop than we were a refinance shop. So I think, that we've seen still pretty strong demand over our purchase mortgage. We want to make sure we have mortgage loan originators out there. We've grown that, but we've reduced our back office 22% thus far, and that's primarily through reductions in temporary staff and overtime, and some people. But that's really what the driver is. Obviously, if revenue is down, commissions are down. You see that pretty quick. So I think, what I'd leave you with is we're confident we can adjust mortgage pretty rapidly. It just may not follow a given quarter. That being said, that business is very strong over the past couple of years. Gains on sale were large. All that's starting to rationalize a little bit, but it's a great shop. They do a fabulous job in the Mortgage group, in the Mortgages Servicing group. And we will continue to make investments in appropriate places and we'll cut back on other areas and adjust accordingly.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: All right. And then just in terms of just -- you're continuing to fund this growth build-out, is there anything you guys are contemplating or have in place on the branch and stamping side to also cut out of that side of it as well?
O. B. Grayson Hall: We spend -- it's a great question, and we spend an awful lot of time looking at all of our sales and service channel. And the branch channel is one of our more expensive channels and we continue to monitor the behavior of our customers and the utilization of our customers in those offices. You'll continue to see us. We've got 1,700 -- a little over 1,700 offices. We continue to look at the size of those offices and the technology that's embedded in those offices, and in terms of where there's opportunities for us to make that delivery system more efficient and more effective. And you'll continue to see that out of us. We don't have anything to announce today. But when you look at the way we're servicing our customers, we continue to invest in each channel, but we continue to rationalize each channel at the same time. And then we do that on a regular basis in our branch channel.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: All right. And a little clean-up one. Relative to this Wealth Management business sale, can you talk about any revenue and expense impact that that'll have going forward?
David J. Turner: Well, we've made investments in the -- in our Wealth Management Group. Those financial consultants I was talking to you about, we've added probably over 100 [ph] people during the year. If you could just compare our third quarter of '13 in terms of some of our fee income-related to this business, we're up 67%. And I think that that's really important to us. We have cut businesses out. You saw us -- we had a disposable on a segment -- or in Wealth Management that wasn't as profitable as we wanted it to be. So we've made adjustments there. But Wealth Management is relatively new and we'll continue to make investments to grow that revenue and feel very confident that revenue comes pretty quickly.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Yes. So David, on that sale piece, will that be a noticeable change, either the revenues that go away or the expenses that go with it, to the point of it not being a very profitable part of the business? Does it have a noticeable effect on the financials going forward?
David J. Turner: Ken, I doubt you'll even notice, that you'll even see it. It does it impact us some, but it was pretty negligible. So I don't think you'll -- I don't think you miss it net-net after expenses that we're taking out after revenue loss.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my last, last one on expenses is professional fees you guys are spending for the regulatory side and getting ready for CCAR and whatnot, does that eventually crest and roll back over? Is that bit of a temporary blip that you're seeing there, or does that roll over at all?
David J. Turner: Well, you can see volatility in professional fees. You can look at any particular quarter and see the kind of volatility we have. We're in a unique environment, our whole industry is. And so you seen that a little higher than we want to be. So we think, in time, if we can get the environment stabilized, we think those costs rationalize as well and come down to a more acceptable level, I should say.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you for everyone's time. There being no more questions, we'll stand adjourned. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations O. B. Grayson Hall - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer of Regions Bank, President of Regions Bank and Director of Regions Bank David J. Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of The Executive Council, President of Central Region, Chief Financial Officer of Regions Bank and Senior Executive Vice President of Regions Bank Barbara Godin - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael Rose - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. List Underwood: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Regions Financial's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Our presenters today are Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner. Other members of management are present as well and available to answer questions as appropriate. Also as part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Finally, let me remind you that in this call, and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. For further details, please reference our forward-looking statement that is located in the Appendix of the presentation. With that, I'll turn it over to Grayson.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Regions and participation in our second quarter 2013 earnings call. Regions' positive momentum continued in the second quarter, with results meeting or exceeding our expectations as we remain focused on executing our strategic priorities and our business plans. Let me highlight a few of our accomplishments in this quarter. Loan production increased, and more importantly, we grew loan balances outstanding. We expanded our customer base and grew core checking accounts. We invested in improved technology and experienced bankers to enhance our revenue-producing capabilities. We continued our disciplined focus on expense management, and we completed several actions that improved our debt and capital structure, as well as reduced our future funding costs. We raised our common stock cash dividend. And finally, we began executing common stock share repurchase program. I am encouraged by our accomplishments in the first half of 2013 and believe that we are better positioned for continued progress in the second half of the year. Overall, our balance sheet is positioned to benefit from an increase in both short- and long-term rates. Moreover, rising rates indicate an improving economy, which should ultimately lead to greater demand among our customers for products and services that translate into additional business opportunities. In addition, we are encouraged by the outlook for the Southeastern U.S. where the majority of our franchises are located. According to a recent research report for Moody's, the Southeast continues to lead the nation in job creation and hiring rates. Furthermore, the Southeast is at the forefront of the national recovery in residential construction. As housing starts had risen by 84% since May 2011 versus the national average of 62%, we have experienced similar trends as the mix of mortgage applications is shifting more towards new home purchases and away from refinances. This quarter, 53% of mortgage originations were for new home purchases compared to 35% in the previous quarter. Our success this quarter was driven by loan growth, which is broad based across our markets. Importantly, 70% of the markets we serve experienced loan growth in the second quarter. Commercial and industrial loan growth was a primary contributor to the improvement, but we also experienced strong growth in indirect auto lending and a modest pickup in credit card balances. In addition, we observed a slowdown in the pace of decline in the investor real estate portfolio and moderating declines in residential mortgage loans. Further, the new loan production remains strong at $8 billion, up 23% over prior quarter, as all loan categories experienced an increase in production. Additionally, we made progress during the second quarter in growing our customer base, which includes business customers, as well as consumer and Wealth Management customers. Growth of this essential measurement should, over time, provide additional revenue opportunities. Over the past several months, we hired close to 100 financial consultants and placed them in our branch offices. These financial consultants have generated approximately twice the amount of business that we had initially forecasted, and we plan to further expand and enhance this activity. Our continued focus on prudent expense management is also paying off. Excluding debt extinguishment cost, second quarter's decline in operating expenses drove a linked quarter improvement in our adjusted efficiency ratio of approximately 180 basis points. We've done this while continuing to make appropriate investments in people, in products and in technology. To illustrate, this year we've hired over 500 net new associates, many in revenue-generating roles. Finally, regarding Basel III final rule, recently approved by the regulators, we are pleased that our capital position will be less impacted than our previous estimate, and we have greater clarity in our capital planning process going forward. I'll now turn the call over to David, who will provide you greater detail about second quarter financial trends. David?
David J. Turner: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin with the balance sheet on Slide 3. So we were very pleased with our loan growth this quarter. At quarter end, balances stood at $75 billion, which is an increase of $1.1 billion or 1.4% from the first quarter. Starting with business lending, which includes our commercial and investor real estate portfolios, these loans increased 2% from the end of the prior quarter. This growth was broad-based geographically and continues to be led by our commercial and industrial category as ending loans in this portfolio grew 5% versus the prior quarter. Areas that experienced growth included Regions business capital, real estate corporate banking, as well as health care, transportation and technology lending. Meanwhile, total new C&I production increased 36% over the prior quarter. And pipelines remain strong, and we are beginning to see a pickup in loan production extending beyond middle market into the small business segment, which is encouraging. Notably, line utilization increased 30 basis points from last year to 44.7%. The second quarter is usually a seasonally strong quarter for commercial growth. And while we expect growth in commercial and industrial loans to continue, we do not expect the pace of growth to remain at this level during the seasonally slower third quarter. We were encouraged that we experienced a more modest pace of decline in the investor real estate portfolio. This portfolio declined 4% linked quarter compared to the previous quarter's decline of 5%. At quarter end, investor real estate ending balances stood at $7 billion, down 26% or $2.4 billion from 1 year ago. Notably, new and renewed production in the investor real estate portfolio has continued to improve as we see more opportunities to make loans to qualified borrowers consistent with our risk appetite. In fact, we've seen a variety of new lending opportunities within homebuilder finance, which was 28% of total investor real estate production in the second quarter compared to 17% this time last year. Overall balances in the investor real estate portfolio may fluctuate, depending on productivity levels, derisking in payoff activity. Turning to consumer lending, this portfolio totaled $28.9 billion and was steady linked quarter, as consumer deleveraging began to subside. Importantly, our mortgage portfolio was relatively stable linked quarter, due to the retention of $222 million of 15-year fixed rate conforming residential mortgages in the second quarter. Declines in our home equity portfolio, which includes lines and loans, continued as customers take advantage of opportunities to refinance. However, we are encouraged by recent results as loan production increased 47% linked quarter due to an improvement in residential home valuations and customers taking advantage of our home equity loan product. This production is expected to continue to reduce the pace of decline in our overall home equity portfolio. Indirect auto loans increased 8% quarter-over-quarter and total loans -- total production was up 21% as we continued to expand our dealer network. At quarter end, we had almost 2,100 dealers and plan to increase the number of dealers by another 10% by the end of the year. There are currently approximately 8,000 dealers located in our footprint, further illustrating the opportunity we have to increase our dealer network. Credit card balances were also up this quarter as our number of cardholders increased 2%. And we remain focused on increasing our penetration rate of our credit cards into our current base of 4 million households. We believe that, over time, this will result in a substantial increase in the number of customers that carry our Regions credit card. Overall, we're pleased with the determined efforts of our bankers, which have translated into improved loan production and growth in balances this quarter. Historically, the summer months have been typically slower production months for the industry, but we will continue to stay focused on growing our business. Let's move to the liability side of the balance sheet. Deposit mix and cost continued to improve in the second quarter. Total average low-cost deposits increased $230 million linked quarter, and time deposits fell to just 12% of total deposits. This positive repricing and mix shift resulted in deposit cost declining 3 basis points down to 15 basis points. While the opportunities for continued reduction in deposit cost is now more limited, we have an additional $3.6 billion of CDs maturing in the second half of 2013 at an average rate of 43 basis points. Now this compares to our current average going on rates for new CDs of approximately 21 basis points. Let's take a look at how all this has impacted our net interest income and the resulting margin. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was $821 million, up $10 million or 1% linked quarter. The increase was driven in part by an additional day in the quarter, incremental loan growth, continued declines in deposit cost and liability management activity. The resulting net interest margin was 3.16%, up 3 basis points linked quarter. Again, the reductions of deposit and borrowing cost were principal drivers, although our net interest margin was also impacted by a decline in excess average cash balances. As we have previously stated, rising interest rates are beneficial to our net interest margin as our asset-sensitive balance sheet reacts favorably to increases in both short-term and long-term interest rates. Despite the outlook for short-term rates being stable for the foreseeable future, the recent rise in long-term interest rates has increased our expectations for future net interest margin. If rates remain at current levels or increase further, we expect modest margin expansion over time. As long-term rates rise, we experienced higher reinvestment yields in our investment portfolio. And as mortgage prepayment slowed, we experienced less premium amortization, which amounted to $73 million in the second quarter, down from $77 million in the first quarter. At the end of the second quarter, mortgage-backed securities represented 84% of our investment portfolio. So as long-term interest rates rise, we continue to see a benefit to our portfolio yield. Let's move on to the next slide, where we illustrate this point. We estimate that if short-term rates increase an additional 100 basis points, our net interest income would increase approximately $81 million over the next year. And separately, if longer-term interest rates were to increase an additional 100 basis points, our net interest income would increase an additional $132 million. Each of these scenarios would be additive to our base scenario, which assumes increases in longer-term interest rates over the next 12 months. Considering that the recent changes in interest rates occurred during the latter part of the quarter, it was not a significant factor affecting the second quarter's net interest income. It takes time for rate increases to impact net interest income by way of reinvestment yields, prepayments and other customer behaviors. However, these recent increases negatively impacted the change in the unrealized gain in the securities portfolio. So I want to provide you a little more color on some adjustments we've made to the investment portfolio during the quarter. The overall size of the portfolio declined $2.7 billion linked quarter, and we also moved $2.4 billion in securities to held to maturity. These actions will allow us to reduce wholesale borrowings, reduce the overall balance sheet size, reduce tangible common equity volatility and increase flexibility and asset liability management. In connection with these actions, we offset portfolio sales with derivatives in order to maintain our sensitivity profile. We will consider additional strategies as loan growth continues, and we get more clarity on fiscal and monetary policies. Including the assets moved to held to majority, at quarter end, the securities portfolio was $24.4 billion or 24% of earning assets compared to 26% in the previous quarter. Let's take a look at noninterest revenue on the next slide. Second quarter noninterest revenue declined 1% linked quarter, primarily related to a decline in mortgage and service charge income. As expected, mortgage banking revenue was down in the second quarter. Mortgage loan production was $1.9 billion, an increase of 6% over the prior quarter. This production was offset by changes in market rates that affected mortgage servicing rights hedges and gains on sale, which ultimately lowered mortgage revenue. And as mentioned earlier, the retention of 15-year production on our balance sheet also impacted mortgage income. However, in order to generate additional mortgage revenue, we are also focused on cross-sell opportunities as only 13% of Regions banking households have a Regions mortgage. Service charges during the quarter were impacted by a couple of factors. In viewing service charges during the quarter, we determined that we needed to make $12 million in additional reimbursements to customers related to our non-sufficient funds policy change that we made last year. Excluding this charge, service charges would have been up over the prior quarter due primarily to household growth that we experienced. Additionally, we continue to focus on other revenue-generating products and services like our Now Banking suite of products. During the quarter, the number of households using these products increased 4% and the number of active Now Banking debit cards increased 6%. Of note, almost 60% of these customers are new to Regions, providing us with additional opportunities for revenue growth. Moving on to expenses. Noninterest expenses totaled $884 million. However, excluding debt extinguishment cost related to the early termination of certain debt and preferred securities, noninterest expenses declined 2% linked quarter. Credit-related cost continued to decline, as well as professional and legal fees. Salaries and benefits increased slightly this quarter due to additional staffing in income-producing areas, as well as increases for merit and incentive compensation. However, we continue to expect that 2013 expenses will be lower than 2012 expenses, illustrating our commitment to prudent expense management. Our tax rate for the quarter was 31% and was impacted by the debt extinguishment cost associated with the early termination of certain debt preferred securities. Approximately $24 million of the $56 million was not deductible for tax purposes. That added about 2 percentage points to the effective rate. So if you exclude that impact, the tax rate would have been closer to 29%. Let's move to asset quality. We continue to make progress with respect to asset quality. The provision for loan losses was $31 million or $113 million less than net charge-offs. Total net charge-offs were down $36 million linked quarter, and net charge-offs as a percent of total average loans was 77 basis points, which is the lowest level since the first quarter of 2008. Both nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets declined 5% linked quarter. In addition, total delinquencies declined 7% from first to second quarter. Inflows of nonperforming loans amounted to $328 million, which was within our range of $250 million to $350 million that we've previously discussed. And while this represents an increase from the prior quarter, it's important to note that the increase represents a small number of large credits, which create volatility in migration from time to time. Notably, criticized and classified loans, which is one of the best and earliest indicators of asset quality, continued to decline with commercial and investor real estate criticized loans down 4% from the first quarter. Our coverage ratios remained solid. At quarter end, our loan loss allowance for nonperforming loans stood at 109%. Meanwhile, our loan-loss allowance to loans was 2.18% at the end of the second quarter. And based on what we know today, we expect continued improvement in asset quality going forward. So let's take a look at capital and liquidity. We successfully completed several actions in the second quarter that served to improve the efficiency of our capital structure while reducing funding cost. Specifically, we called virtually all of our remaining trust-preferred securities, tendered for higher cost senior debt and issued lower-cost debt. As a result of these actions, along with scheduled debt maturities, our overall funding cost improved 5 basis points to 40 basis points, and our run rate will improve going forward. These actions have been included in our margin guidance that we have provided. We also increased capital returns to shareholders by raising the corporate dividend and repurchasing shares. For additional information related to the early termination of debt-preferred securities, refer to the Index, which is at the end of the earnings presentation. Our capital position remains strong as our Tier 1 ratio at the end of the quarter stood at 11.7%, and our estimated Tier 1 common ratio was 11.2%. We continue to analyze the final Basel III capital rule issued on July 2, and we're pleased that many aspects of the proposal were modified or removed from the final rule. Based on our interpretation, we estimate our pro forma Basel III Tier 1 common ratio will be approximately 10.4%, a significant improvement from our original estimate under the proposed rule. Liquidity at both the bank and holding company remains solid with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 81%. Lastly, based on our understanding of the new amendments, Regions remains well positioned to be fully compliant with respect to the liquidity coverage ratio. So in summary, we continue to be confident in our ability to maintain positive momentum as we strive to prudently capitalize on Regions' opportunities and deliver consistently positive returns for shareholders. I'll now turn it back to List for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call. List?
M. List Underwood: Thank you, David. We are ready to begin the Q&A session of our call. [Operator Instructions] Operator, now let's open up the lines for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the progression for earning asset growth. It's great to see the loan progression moving the right way, and you talked about shrinking the portfolio a little bit on the security side. So with period end earning assets lower than the averages, I'm just wondering, are we at the point where we get to that bottom of average earning assets? And what do you expect to see as far as that trajectory?
David J. Turner: Yes, Ken, this is David. We had, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, taken some actions with regards to our securities portfolio and deleveraged. You don't see all of that coming through. There's a little piece and other assets that will settle. And you'll see reductions there. But our earning asset number, in general, if you kind of look at it over longer term, we think we're pretty close to where we can get net growth from here. We may have some minor adjustments depending on what we do from a deleveraging standpoint. But I think it really comes down to us, is the loan growth, which we see as continuing to be positive.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: All right. And then my follow-up is just, any update with regards to ordering around NSFs and any potential changes you might have to make affecting revenue in that regard?
O. B. Grayson Hall: No. I mean we continue to -- we continue to review and challenge ourselves on policies, continue to try to make our policies very customer friendly, very transparent, continue to make adjustments here as guidance comes out. But no news to disclose is forthcoming at this juncture.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about your NIM guidance. You indicated that you could see some positive forward movement. Can you just give us a sense as to how much you're expecting from the funding cost and the asset repricing versus the mix shift? And part of the reason for asking is you do give the chart on the 100 basis points rise in rates at the long end of the curve, which 132 bps is 12 basis points to NIM. We did get that in the last quarter. I know it comes over the last 12 months, but I'm wondering if we're triangulating to 12 basis points, and that's what you mean by modest.
David J. Turner: 12 basis points is above what modest is. We've been kind of in a stable discussion with, relative to our NIM. And that's really dependent on what happens with the interest rate environment. We've seen some pretty incredible volatility over this past quarter, so it gets a little harder to pin it down exactly. And we understand that's why you're asking the question. We tried to put a little guidance both in the short-term and long-term rates to give you our thoughts. So modest, to us, there would be some increases, perhaps a tad higher than what stable has been. Stable has been within 1 or 2 points, so modest could be slightly more than that. But I think your number's a little high.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I do think, Betsy, when you look at it, we've had a fairly disciplined approach to deposit pricing. We're down 3 basis points again this quarter. But we look at where deposit pricing is today, the opportunities to drive that number lower are diminishing. But we did make, with the debt and capital restructuring we did this quarter, we did reduce our funding cost. Loan yields continued to be under pressure. But -- and you saw a slight compression this quarter on loan yields. But our portfolio yield should improve incrementally over time. So we do believe we've got a modest opportunity for expansion. But a lot of that's going to depend on how rates move and what the slope of the curve eventually turns out to be.
David J. Turner: I would add to that, you need to really think through -- and I mentioned the impact of prepayments on our investment portfolio. The premium that we have that we're amortizing was down. It was $77 million in the first quarter, $73 million in the second. So that change in the 10-year really does impact that amortization quite a bit. So that's really one of the things to look at.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. The follow-up is just on that Page 6 slide where you do indicate the interest rate sensitivity summary. That assessment of the 100 bps, long end of the curve, $132 million NII impact, could you just give us some color as to what the assumptions are in there? Is that just static portfolio, static moves? And your modest increase in NII takes into consideration, competitive actions that you would take? Is that how I triangulate the 2 statements?
David J. Turner: I think you got to take all that into account. It's not just the static portfolio. That has baked in what we think our balance sheet changes are going to be, our productions -- loan production's going to be, prepayments assumptions on the investment portfolio. So all that's really baked in, deposit cost, funding -- long-term debt cost. So it's really, everything's in that guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Miller of FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Going back to your C&I loan growth, was that new stuff that was coming in, or is it your people tapping the utilization rate? And what is your utilization rate at this point on those portfolios?
David J. Turner: The utilization rate was up to about 44.7%. That was not the big driver. The big driver really was new production from customers. And as I mentioned in the prepared comments, it was really broad-based geographically, over 70% of our geographies grew loans. We had not only that, but products, broad-base in products. Health care and transportation were a couple, REIT lending was embedded in that, too. So we're seeing a little broader push towards production. We also have seen that drift a little bit into small business. That's too early to call. We're starting to see that, which is very encouraging for us.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I would just add to that as this quarter versus last quarter, the diversification of our loan production was much better. Obviously, we'd love to see even more diversification and granularity in that production, but it was more broad based across markets, more broad based across products. And in particular, more broad based across the size of the corporate borrower. Most of our business in the last several quarters in C&I has come from a larger end of C&I middle market. We're seeing demand further down into that customer segment today. And as David said, still too early to call, but the small business owner, the small middle-market customer, it's coming back some. But too early to call it a trend.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And how is the multifamily markets -- are you participating in any of that -- this type of lending or is that something you guys don't get involved with?
David J. Turner: Yes, we do. If you look at commercial real estate for us, one of our big drivers has been multifamily. It represents about 27% of our production year-to-date, and it's right behind our home builder product, which I touched on, is starting to come back as well. So we're looking at multifamily. In particular, where that multifamily is, make sure we don't let that get out in front of us. But we feel good with those projects that we're putting on today.
O. B. Grayson Hall: When you look at it, the commercial real estate production has been historically, compared to historical volumes, had been very low. We saw production pickup in 2011. We saw it pick up even further in '12. And the pace we're at in '13, it will be a little bit above that. But as David mentioned in his earlier remarks, that portfolio continues to reduce an outstandings. We're down to about $7 billion. While we're encouraged by the new production, we still have not reached inflection point on that portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Penala of Bank of America.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: May first question is a follow-up to Betsy's. Even with some of the redemptions that occurred this quarter, it seems like you still have a higher cost long-term debt footprint. And I guess, this is a 2-part question. One is what is the propensity to redeem some of that long-term debt, especially given your capital ratios are quite high under Basel III? And if so, is that included in the NII guidance that you gave on Slide 6?
David J. Turner: Yes, we do continue to look at our long-term debt cost and ways to get that down. So we haven't stopped looking at it. Any of those instruments, though, that have any type of capital attached to it requires approval from our regulatory supervisors. So it goes through a little longer process to get approval to do that. But we are continuing to look at opportunities to get our total funding cost down, the 40 basis points. We'd like to get that lower. And our long-term debt cost is somewhere in the 4.5 range, so it's a good point.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And is that, is redeeming that included in the NII upside guidance on Slide 6 or not?
David J. Turner: It is not.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And my second question is on losses. I hear you loud and clear in terms of the trajectory of asset quality improvement from here. But as you think about how the improvement in the Southeast is going, where do you think normalized losses will be for Regions as we think about earnings power, a year from now, 2 years from now?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I'll ask Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer to answer that.
Barbara Godin: We talked a lot about 75 basis points through the cycle is what our risk appetite is. What that actually means as we come out of a cycle, that we should see something better than 75 basis points, somewhere down in that 50 basis point area would be appropriate. And then as we move through the coming years that, that will move somewhere around that 75 basis points depending on the mix of our portfolio between consumer and commercial books.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler at Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So first just on compensation here, it's up modestly year-over-year. And I understand that you're adding bodies in income-producing roles, and of course, variable comp's going to move with loan production here. But what is really the outlook here now that loan growth is positive and your guidance is positive? Should we expect to see continued kind of modest growth in comp here, or could we see it kind of revert back to the downward thrust we saw the last 2 years?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I think that, clearly, we're still focused on rigorous expense management. And we are looking for opportunities to make our organization more efficient. That being said, we also are continuing to add resources that are customer-facing, revenue producing. And where we see opportunity to do that, we're going to take advantage of them, to grow and diversify our revenue streams. If we're successful in growing our revenue streams, then I think you should anticipate that our salaries and compensation would follow that success. That being said, in our non-revenue producing, noncustomer-facing parts of the company, we continue to try to become more efficient each and every quarter.
David J. Turner: Craig, I'll add to that. Our guidance that we had over the past several quarters for our efficiency ratio to be in that low- to high-50 range, which is dependent on an increase in rate, it's really the efficiency ratio, which came down, is more dependent on the revenue growth. And we see opportunities to hire talented bankers to help us grow that revenue line. And there are -- there is some time where you make investments that get the new folks up and running to generate the revenue. But to Grayson's point, we are very -- we're wanting to make sure we look at our expenses. We still believe '13 will be lower than '12, as we've mentioned. But we are rigorously reviewing the expense management. But we don't want to stop making investments in people and technology as we've done because that's really what the future of the franchise is all about.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I understand. One follow-up on deposit growth versus earning asset growth. Your deposit growth actually has been quite negative, we understand why. CD runoff, you've been shrinking the bank in certain areas. But also you think earning asset growth now actually will trend up, given kind of your response to a prior question. So do you think earning asset growth will materially exceed deposit growth the next year or 2? And if so, how do you expect to fund that?
David J. Turner: Well, first off, I would say our loan deposit ratio is 81%, which is about 9, 10 points below our peers. So we have some room there. We're always looking at growing earning assets, loans in particular, as well as households and deposits. So we would -- we've mentioned before that a loan deposit ratio in the low 90s would be fine with us as steady state. We want to make sure we don't have too much reliance on deposits from a funding standpoint and get the overnight market like most banks did in '08. But 81% we would argue, is a little lower than we want. And that's why we've been stressing really wanting to have appropriate loan growth to match off with the great funding that we have. And when you own deposit market share, and have the density we do in the Southeast, that's our competitive advantage coming through. But we still want to grow deposits and grow households.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Levin of Citi.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I want to follow up on the check-posting question from before. Are you still doing high to low? And if so, if you switch to low to high, how should we think about that impacting earnings?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think, Josh, that we continue to look -- we are still high to low from a posting standpoint on most of our transactions. But you have to look at your availability policy, as well as your other policies surrounding insufficient funds, all in aggregate, to decide where that'll turn out from an earnings standpoint, we've not finalized on exactly -- on all of those decisions and have not put forth what we believe would be an earnings impact to that. But that continues to be an internal conversation that is being nailed. And as we get further guidance, we will share that with you.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Secondly, I guess this is one of the more upbeat and optimistic regional bank earnings call that I've heard this earning season. You seem to be more optimistic on loan growth than a lot of your peers. Why do you think that is? Is it your footprint? Is it something else?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I think it's a number of reasons. I think, one is that we've been showing good loan production numbers for several quarters now. But the runoff in the commercial real estate portfolio and the runoff in our residential mortgage portfolio has, if you will, has muted the benefits of that loan production. As both of those asset segments, as the attrition slows in those segments, we've been able to show positive growth. We do believe that we've got a lot of bankers that are calling on customers and trying to put forth a very determined effort to grow our business in a prudent manner. We think the Southeast is recovering a little faster than some other parts of the country. But the most encouraging part of this is how it's broadened. Out of the markets we're serving, we had over 70% of our markets show net growth this quarter for the first time, and it's a real improvement over where we were. I think that if you read the other reports, we probably are a little more optimistic than many of the peers in this report. But from a place we've come from over the last few quarters and showing net decline, this has been sort of a very important quarter for us in demonstrating that turn.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rose of Raymond James.
Michael Rose - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to get a sense on the loan pipeline. You talked a lot about it by product, but can you talk about it on a geographic basis? I mean, are you seeing more of the pipeline come from some of the more distressed areas that are now rebounding?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. I mean, the -- clearly, the more distressed areas in our franchise footprint have been Georgia and Florida. We're seeing good response out of both of those markets at this juncture. As I just mentioned, the demand is more broad than it was a quarter ago, certainly 2 quarters ago. We are seeing, if you will, on the business side of our lending, we demonstrated pretty strong production quarter in the fourth quarter. Things slowed down a little bit in the first quarter, and then strong production here in the second quarter. Third quarter is typically a slow quarter for our business lending production. Our pipelines are good, but we aren't forecasting third quarter to be as strong as second. But that is really more of a seasonal bias on our part. We are seeing -- but we are seeing strong pipelines, so third quarter could surprise us to the upside. We'll wait and see. On the consumer side, we are seeing -- with, I guess, over 100 basis points increase in mortgage rates, we are seeing some mix shifts in our application volumes. We did $1.9 billion in mortgage production in the second quarter. It's up about 6% from the first quarter, so good production there. And our pipelines look good. But we are forecasting that we think that mortgage applications will decline. It's a little early to predict the decline, but it would look like it's somewhere in the 15% to 20% range for the second half of the year. I would tell you the mix has really shifted. We saw that mix shift start in the first quarter in our application pipelines. Today, purchase mortgages is running better than 50% of total production. And in the applications, it's even higher than that. So we do think that there'll be a fairly sizable shift in mix in mortgage originations. All our lending applications continue to be up. We're seeing strength in those. We're seeing good production of new accounts on credit card. So on the consumer side of the house, I think we are seeing some improving signs of strength. In particular, I think the rise in home valuations in some of the more distressed markets that we serve, we've seen that provide some opportunities for financing, particularly on the equity side of the house. That was probably more than you asked for.
Michael Rose - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I appreciate the color. Just as my follow-up, I just noticed that the branch count was flat this quarter for the first time in a while. I wanted to get your sense for the branch network from here. Are you looking to continue to consolidate maybe some smaller branches? And then how should we think about that going forward?
O. B. Grayson Hall: We continue to rationalize our physical footprint. We continue to believe that the physical branch office is very relevant in our business model. But we also recognize that customers are moving to other channels, and we're investing in those channels. We will continue to consolidate some of our offices. We look at that. We go through a very detailed analysis on where consolidations make sense. And we have -- you'll see us continue to do that. We've been more aggressive. We were more aggressive earlier in that regard. And -- but we continue that, and you'll see a very limited number of new offices being opened. But on a net basis, I would say you should look for us to continue to be stable to slightly down.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: David, just a follow-up to what you're referring to, the premium amortization falling from $77 million down to $73 million. So you saw rates of 100 basis points, I think the amortization is down $4 million. First, is the $73 million a good run rate, assuming rates stay at the current levels, or should we see a step-down into the next quarter? And also should we think about a 100-basis-point decline would lead to roughly $4 million of decline on a go-forward basis?
David J. Turner: I think if you looked at rates where we are today, that you should see a reduction in the $73 million. This has been an awful volatile environment, so it's hard to pinpoint it. But I think directionally, you're correct to assume that the -- that $73 million would be down. And if you get an increase in rates from here, some go down, obviously, that much quicker. But yes, so that's the direction you ought to think about it.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just as a follow-up to a question that had been asked earlier, just in terms of the $12 million of reserves for customer funds, is that a one-time item, so should we expect that not to resume over the coming quarters?
David J. Turner: Well, we believe that we have evaluated all our refunds relative to -- to the policy change we made last year, $12 million was the additional number. So we -- based on what we know, that's our -- that's the final number, so we don't see that recurring. We constantly look at our service charges and how we treat customers and make adjustments, but we don't anticipate anything at this point.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And if I can just squeeze in one last question, I mean, you've obviously given us a lot of disclosure around the rate sensitivity. But if I were to look at your most recent 10-Q, I think it says for a 200-basis-point parallel shift, you'd see $312 million of rise in NII. Given the changes you've had, where moving securities, adding derivatives, so first, how has that overall sensitivity changed? And do you guys have any customer facilitating derivatives that will be rolling off over the next years, such that you -- we could see your asset sensitivity increasing over time?
David J. Turner: That's our -- we wanted to really maintain our asset sensitivity. So you saw an awful lot of actions that we took during the quarter, but we really have maintained that asset sensitivity, in particular by entering into receive-fixed swaps, if you will, with a portion of about $2.5 billion worth of receive-fixed swaps. To maintain that, I think we're up 6% on 100 basis points, and that's about where we are right now. Obviously, higher rates, that much more of an increase in income that we could expect. So we like that position and want to keep it.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: If you could just -- if you can give us some additional color on new money yields that you're seeing in your loan book, particularly on the commercial real estate and the C&I side given the steeper curve here.
David J. Turner: On the -- frustratingly, that the short end of the curve really has remained anchored, for us, 1 month LIBOR in that 19- to 21-basis-point range. Spreads have come under some pressure, but we still are off the lows that we have seen before. We're kind of -- we feel okay with those spreads. They've been in that 225, 250 range for a while, and we feel good about that. We are seeing some pressure on structure that we're not chasing, but we've seen that anecdotally in the marketplace. But from a spread standpoint, we feel good about that. What's important on spread is to think about the customers that are in there. Grayson touched on it earlier. We really are a middle-market company, a small business lender. And if we can get the small business segment really demanding credit, then our overall yield and spreads will improve. When you're at the larger end in corporate, larger end of corporate, the spread tightens up quite a bit. Not as profitable but, obviously, not as risky either. So you have to trade off risk and profitability there. But in our core middle-market business that we're in, spreads have hung in there.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, I think if you look at it early on in the crisis, spreads really widened. Obviously, they came under competitive pressure and have compressed. But I would say, appear stable at the moment. An awful lot of competition in the market, got some very strong competitors, and so you're seeing competition on every transaction. We still are staying very committed to our relationship banking model, trying to make sure that we're banking customers that have full relationships with us. And we believe that we're keeping our new, ongoing business set from a pricing standpoint, we believe we're keeping that stable at this juncture. You do see the strength of our customer base improving. I'd say the overall credit quality of our customer book continues to improve, which certainly helps those customers from a rate standpoint.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the expense side, I want to get a better feel of what is a good run rate in your eyes in terms of total expenses. I know you indicated that -- your answer on the comp expense seems to imply that it may not pull back from the jump that the comp expenses saw this quarter. So if that doesn't necessarily pull back, but you do see that negative unfunded provision go away, could that mean that your expense level, on the core basis x the debt extinguishment, could actually go up from here?
David J. Turner: Well, again, I'll start with the end in mind, that is we believe 2013 expenses will be down from 2012. We do acknowledge the unfunded commitment credit that came in. That line item has a tendency to be a little volatile. That being said, we are looking very hard at every expense category. Obviously, our largest one is related to salaries and benefits. We do, and have, made investments in talent. We believe that's important to us long-term. But we do continue to look at and make sure we have the right people and the right -- the right number of people and the right people doing what we need them to do. We'll look at occupancy and furniture and fixtures are the next 2 biggest ones and continue to look at square footage and trying to become as efficient as we can. So I think it's hard to get on a specific run rate, but we are continuing to stay focused on improving expenses each and every day.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I mean, the conversation is really around creating positive operating leverage. We're trying to take a balanced approach running the business. We're very disciplined, a rigorous focus on expenses, but also understanding that not all expenses are bad. We need to figure out a way to grow our revenues, and that requires investing in people and technology. And so our determination is to deliver positive operating leverage. That's been challenging in this economic environment, but I think just focusing on expenses alone is not in the best interest of the long-term sustainability of this franchise. But at the same time, we realized in this environment, given the economy and given reduced demand for some of our products and services, we really have to be disciplined around expense management. And we will continue to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just one more clarification on the moving pieces in the net interest income. Clearly, the earning asset base is a little bit smaller at the end of the quarter, and I assume that's the level that you're talking about, kind of growing plus or minus. And then the NIM's up on a modest amount, with some additional kicker from the premium amortization coming down. So when you bring all those moving pieces together, do you think you can grow the net interest income dollars in 3Q versus here, call it assuming stable rates in your loan growth assumption?
David J. Turner: That was where we're kind of guiding in the prepared comments, that if rates will stay where we are right now, we think we could have some modest improvements in NII and the resulting margin there. It's just hard to gauge exactly, Matt, how much that is with this kind of volatility. But I think that would be the appropriate guidance.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just longer term, as you think about the mix of the balance sheet, the security, its earning assets, is there a longer-term target as loan growth, hopefully, eventually picks up for everyone, including you? Is there a longer-term target versus the 24% currently?
David J. Turner: Yes. We're sitting here at 81% loan-to-deposit ratio. So our ability to attract, maintain low cost deposits is really a strategic advantage for us. We haven't had the loan growth we wanted, so we've had to put the delta in the securities book. So today, we probably have the second highest concentration of earning assets in our investment portfolio. We've talked about that before. And within that portfolio, we, at one time, had them virtually all in mortgage-backs, and we've diversified a way by introducing a little bit of credit risk in the investment portfolio since we weren't growing credit in the form of loans. But we do believe that as loan growth comes about, the economy generally improves, then you go back to a more standard relationship of the securities book, which would be in the high teens. So the 18 -- call it 18%, so it's 6 points away from there right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions on credit quality. I was noticing in your NPL migration schedule, in the commercial segment, there was a fairly significant uptick, and I'm wondering if that was just one particular credit that moved or a combination of a few.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, if you look at migration and you ask what's changed, it's really the mix. You're seeing much more commercial industrial loans in that migration mix and less commercial real estate loans. That's just sort of where we're at in the cycle. Commercial and industrial loans, by their nature, are going to be a little more uneven. There is obviously more substantial credits in that category. The other thing we do is that if we have a credit come into a nonperforming status in a given quarter, we count it as gross migration into NPL. And even if we resolve it within the same quarter, this quarter we had that situation occur, and so you see a fairly large credit in our migration. But that's already been resolved and now out of our numbers for the next quarter. So with commercial lending credits, you're just going to see a little more unevenness. It's still in our 250 to 350 band, that we sort of think is normalized but will be some unevenness from time to time in that migration.
David J. Turner: And Eric, that's where we -- I was trying to leave you with comments that based on all that, if you look at criticized and classifieds and you see that continuing downward trend, early-, late-stage delinquencies getting better, everything tells us that credit quality is going to continue to improve from here. So we weren't overly concerned with that migration.
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just one quick one. The -- can you give us what you think your tax rate is going to be for the back half?
David J. Turner: Yes, we had a couple of points in the effective rate this quarter because of the lack of ability to deduct certain of the charges that came through, on the termination costs. That was 2 points, and we were at 31%. So if you take that out, we'd be in the 29% range, which we think is a reasonable proxy for going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gaston Ceron of Morningstar Equity Research.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I just had one quick question. Going back to the issue, I think, that you brought up of -- regarding cross-selling, I think, at the mortgage business. I'm just curious if you have any more detail on how exactly you're going to go about the cross-sell opportunity and how high you think you can reasonably drive that 13% that you referenced kind of in the near and longer term.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, what we've been trying to do over the last several quarters is really push a relationship banking model that focuses on the customers and focuses on delivering the full benefits of Regions' banking relationship to our customers. We sort of internally branded that as Regions 360. We've been having meetings in every single market across our franchise, pulling together different lines of businesses, mortgages being a very, very important part of that to try to stimulate more conversation between teams, more referrals between teams. We've seen referrals from our branch offices. They're predominantly focused on consumer banking. We've seen a lot more referrals from those offices into our mortgage bankers. Likewise, we've seen a lot of referrals coming out of mortgage banking into our branches. We're driving that across our company. There's nothing special about that effort. It's the effort you -- we'd probably hear of and be espoused by most banking institutions. The key is in the execution, is how well can we execute that. And part of what you're seeing in our numbers this quarter is that execution has materially improved over the last few quarters.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: But do you have an area where you'd like to drive that 13% kind of penetration rate to or no?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I don't know that we set a defined a limit on that. The way we're really measuring it today is sort of quality referrals from our branches. They've more than doubled in the last 9 months. We'd love to keep that number going higher. The -- obviously, with the way the mortgage market is changing at this point in time, certainly, changes the mix of those referrals, but we haven't internally set a penetration number that I know of.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Grayson, one for you and then maybe one for David. Grayson, given what appears to be a substantially greater level of capital flexibility with your -- with -- under the Basel III final rule, and I appreciate that you're still thinking about some other steps that you can take in terms of the reduction in your debt cost, but I'm curious if that -- if the Basel III -- your current Basel III position makes you any more confident about going for potentially bigger buybacks in the 2014 CCAR and capital planning process than you might have originally thought.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I mean, clearly, we were encouraged by where the regional banks landed on Basel III and in particular, where we landed in that final set of rules. We believe it does provide opportunities for us to think differently to some degree as we go through our capital planning process. More than anything else, it provides clarity. And that clarity, I think, gives us all more confidence. And so we're integrating that into all of our capital planning thoughts and processes. And I do believe it gives us as a company some flexibility that, at one point, we were concerned we might not have. But today, I think, we feel pretty good about our capital position and are building the appropriate plans to manage that.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. David, a question for you related to the securities portfolio. I guess I'm just curious if you can provide a little more color as to what investments you moved into the held-to-maturity bucket this quarter. It looks like it's about 10% of your total investments at this point and if the portfolio duration has changed meaningfully from the 3-plus years that it was at the end of the first quarter.
David J. Turner: Yes, we really took those assets that are more sensitive to interest rate movements, so longer-duration mortgage-backed securities, that we've pushed in there. And our duration in our investment portfolio as a result of the rate change did increase. Now we're probably in the 4-year range today, and that's acceptable to us given the interest rate environment that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Coming back to capital, clearly, with the final NPR from the Federal Reserve, the Tier 1 common ratios for the regional banks comes in the 7%, you may have a small SIFI buffer, possibly 25 or 50 basis points. Recognizing that you're not probably going to want to run close to that 7% number, what level do you think you're going to see your Tier 1 common ratio, which, obviously, is currently over 10%, settle in that? What -- have you guys given much thought yet on where you want to put that number so that there could be greater amounts of return of capital down the road to shareholders?
David J. Turner: Gerard, we think about that every day, and it's hard to tell exactly where it will settle out. I will tell you, without OCI in there and having the volatility that would have been there under the original proposal, it was going to probably cost us 25, 50 basis points just for that. We have talked about being in that 8%, 8.5% range. We'll see how it settles out. I will tell you, really, the gating factor for us has been and we believe will continue to be the severely adverse stressed Tier 1 common ratio versus the spot capital. And so you really have to kind of reverse engineer that. We don't know what the severely adverse level will be under Basel III. Today it's 5% under Basel I. You would expect there to be some reduction in that given that the risk weighted asset number, in general, changed for everybody. And -- but we'll see what our regulatory supervisors do. But I think it's -- broad-based, we would put it, best guess, at 8%, 8.5% right now, but really reserve the right for that not to be the correct number based on how we see what the regime looks like through this next CCAR filing.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And speaking of that, do you think that the folks that do the CCAR, the Federal Reserve, the regulators, are they going to move -- now that the final NPR is in and, statutorily, everyone knows what the capital ratios need to be for banks. Will they move away from the percentage of -- assuming, of course, you pass with strong numbers on the CCAR. But will they move away from percentage of earnings to just -- or can you guys argue that, look at our capital levels, we're 200 basis points above where we should be, we should be able to give most of that back in some sort of time frame? Or they -- do you think they'll stick with this percentage of earnings thing?
David J. Turner: Well, clearly, our regulatory supervisors, as do we, want a safe banking system. And I think there's been a lot of change that's been pushed through the marketplace. I think there's been an awful lot of thought that had gone through trying to do the right thing by everybody. And we've had a recent change, obviously, in Basel III. We need to see how that thinking evolves. So it's a little premature to bet on exactly what will happen. Clearly, there's more capital in the industry than we've had. We expect that the amount of capital in the industry will not go back to where it was precrisis. And I know that's a pretty large gap, but I think we need to be careful about getting ahead of ourselves, and let's see how this thing evolves in an appropriate manner. But...
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And finally, on your securities portfolio as a percentage of assets, you pointed out that your loan-to-deposit ratio is lower than you'd like. Where should we see -- when things get back to normal possibly in 2 to 3 years, where should we see the securities as a percentage of assets? Where are you guys comfortable with that number?
David J. Turner: That came up a minute ago. We really think, if you look at history, we would have been in that high teens, call it 18% just if you want a spot number. So that's about 6 points away, and that's a percentage of earning assets. So it's 6 points away from where we are today, which is $6 billion, $7 billion.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Foran of Autonomous.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: I guess most of my questions have been asked, but maybe one on deposits. If you could remind us, any embedded assumptions as you think about asset sensitivity? And then just more broadly, the way we measure it, you guys have one of the bigger jumps in non-interest-bearing deposits as a percentage of total this cycle from about 20% back in the mid-2000s to 32% now. And just thoughts around sustainability of that increase. Clearly, there's been a lot of efforts internally that you've made to increase that number. But clearly, also, in a low rate environment, non-interest-bearing deposits tend to be a little higher.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, and I think I'll make a few comments. Obviously, this is a very different rate environment for our depositors than we've seen before. And so a lot of the historical evidence we have, I'm not sure how valid that is coming out of this cycle. We're having to stress test our deposit portfolio to make sure we understand what some of the possibilities are, depending on how rates move and how fast rates move, the pace of increase in those rates. And when you look at our portfolio today, we have dramatically reduced our dependence on higher-priced deposits. In particular, time deposits, as well as some high-priced depository accounts that we just have been less competitive on in this kind of environment. Obviously, as the market moves, we'll all have to move, and we've run a number of scenarios to try to forecast what those movements might be. But clearly, in this environment, it's a little different than anything we've seen before.
David J. Turner: Yes, I think we need to be really careful that we don't allow history to unduly influence what can happen this go-round. Because we all -- our industry has a lot of non-interest-bearing on the balance sheets that could move. Historically, that's -- there's a core level of non-interest-bearing that's going to be with us. We have some pretty drastic moves off the balance sheet. I think we're like 25% higher than we experienced last time in terms of our assumptions. That's been baked into our guidance. And I think it's important to think about these moves not only in the sense of thinking about what our net interest income and margin would be, but liquidity risk management, which is as important to us. And although we are sitting here with an 81% loan-deposit ratio, we can never lose sight of that. So we -- you've asked a great question. It's something we look at all the time, but we have higher outflows assumed today, than we had before. And we shock it a number of ways just to make sure that if we're wrong, what does that mean to us, again, in particular as it relates to liquidity.
Operator: Your final question comes from Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: David, before I let you off the hook, I want to go back to your interest rate sensitivity analysis. And if I'm looking at this kind of steepening of the curve that you're doing on the long end. And I'm kind of drilling down into that premium amortization, right now we're running in the 70s. If you were to extend the duration by 50%, it seems like it would probably bring that down into the 50s, which would generate about $80 million to $90 million worth of benefit. Was just curious, if that's relative to the $132 million, is 65%, 70% of that coming from the premium amortization? Or is that out of line with what you're building into that number?
David J. Turner: Yes, we have a piece of that, pretty large piece of the change in the premium amortization coming into the margin guidance, that $132 million. So yes, about 2/3 is built into that.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So about 2/3 of the impact is from premium amortization coming down?
David J. Turner: Right.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's about what I was thinking. And then when you go over to the short-term increase here, what are you assuming on deposit pricing? Are you -- as the 100-basis-point increase, are you assuming that money market accounts and your CDs are going up 1:1? Are you giving yourselves some credit for lagging those deposit rates?
David J. Turner: Yes. I think that we'd end up having about 60% of those that would be adjusted pretty quickly. Again, maybe that's higher than what we've experienced before. But we have a pretty immediate increase in rates to the extent that, that starts happening.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: So you're not really building any deposit lag into the benefit of the $81 million?
David J. Turner: Yes, less than before.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. All right. Because it seems like, as we come off the floor at least for the first 100 basis points, we've typically seen, especially with money market, mutual fund accounts maybe not being as competitive, that there'll be room for some kind of lagging as you first go through that first moving [ph] rate.
David J. Turner: We're certainly seeing this at a really low deposit cost standpoint. So all these are best guesses, but we really need to -- we're going to be competitive with regards to our rates that we offer our customers. So it's really also dependent on the funding that our competitors and peers have, too.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Okay. Well, thank you very much for your attendance, and we appreciate your participation in today's conference call. We'll stand adjourned.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations O. B. Grayson Hall - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Chief Executive Officer of Regions Bank, President of Regions Bank and Director of Regions Bank David J. Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of The Executive Council, President of Central Region, Chief Financial Officer of Regions Bank and Senior Executive Vice President of Regions Bank Barbara Godin - Chief Credit Officer, Executive Vice President and Head of Credit Operations - Regions Bank John C. Asbury - Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Business Services Group
Analysts: Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. List Underwood: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation on our first quarter earnings call. Our presenters today are Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner, along with other senior members of our management team. As part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. Also, let me remind you that in this call and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are not based on historical information, but rather are related to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Those statements are based on general assumptions and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the views, beliefs and projections expressed in such statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found on our forward-looking statements that is located in the Appendix of the presentation. With that said, I will turn it over to Grayson.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, and good morning, and welcome to Regions First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. We certainly appreciate your participation and respect your time. We'll keep our comments concise and move promptly to your questions. Regions continues to make substantial progress moving forward with first quarter 2013 earnings reaching the highest quarterly level in more than 4 years. Our results reflect continued execution of our business plans and our focus on capitalizing on our franchise's opportunities. First quarter 2013 net income available to common shareholders was $327 million or $0.23 per diluted share, more than double a year ago and up 25% from prior period. In addition, the year is off to a good start by many other important measures. Loans on our balance sheet hold steady. Our net interest margin remains stable. We're growing our customer base. Our mortgage business, while facing headwinds, is performing well. Our operating expenses are being managed with discipline and rigor, and our asset quality continues to incrementally improve. Let's begin with a closer look at the balance sheet. We remain on track, absent any unknown economic shocks, to achieve a low-single-digit loan growth this year. As loans outstanding steadied from first to fourth -- first quarter -- fourth to first quarter period in and overall new loan production increased 8% over last year. This new loan production helped offset first quarter declines in portfolio outstandings, such as Investor Real Estate and home equity. The pace of decline in Investor Real Estate portfolio has moderated to the lowest level in 3 years. As our pace of derisking slows, especially in the second half of 2013, we expect total loans outstanding to grow incrementally, marking a very important shift for our company. Turning to deposits, we grew checking accounts in the first quarter. This is the first time in over 2 years that we have experienced a net increase in core checking accounts since shifting our strategy from free checking to fee-eligible pricing. We believe this turnaround demonstrates Regions' commitment to customer service, our emphasis on providing products and services that meet customer needs and preferences, and at a fair price. Additionally, we continue to improve our deposit mix and further lowered average funding costs fourth to first quarter. Over the past 3 years, we have reduced our overall deposit cost by 82 basis points. So let's discuss revenue for just a moment. Mortgage banking remained a significant contributor to fee-based income and not surprisingly, dipped below fourth quarter's levels. The quarter-over-quarter decline reflects seasonality, less robust market activity and our decision to retain 15-year fixed-rate mortgages on our balance sheet. The HARP 2 program continues to be a significant contributor to overall mortgage production at about 20% of our volume. It is important to note that approximately 80% of Regions' mortgage customers, eligible for HARP 2, have yet to refinance. We are pleased with the recent announcement regarding the 2-year extension of this program, we have a comprehensive outreach program underway to capture these opportunities and to assist our customers and their needs. We did experience a noticeable but favorable shift in mortgage applications this quarter. New home purchases now account for almost 50% of the applications as compared to 35% just last quarter. According to the National Association of Realtors, the supply of homes on the market has returned to pre-housing pricing levels and is at a 4-month supply. Further positive evidence that the housing market is recovering. So let's turn our focus to expenses. In the first quarter, operating expenses, excluding special items in the fourth quarter, declined slightly and are on track to meet our expectations for a lower full year operating cost versus 2012. The decline in the first quarter is particularly encouraging given the seasonal increase in favorable related tax expense. And additionally, in the first quarter, we continued to invest in technology that benefits our productivity and efficiency. The investment is consistent with our commitment to provide new, innovative services and delivery options that our customers want and need. In 2012, we invested in updating branch systems and platforms. This year we're concentrating on upgrading our alternative delivery channels. For example, here in the first quarter, we enhanced our transaction capabilities at most of our ATMs. As a result of these advances in technology, over 90% of the transactions traditionally conducted through a branch teller, can now be completed at a Regions ATM. Mobile banking continues to be a rapid growth channel and a critical area of focus. Earlier this month, we launched a number of product enhancements that enable our customers to more fully bank with us by using their mobile phone. Moving on to asset quality. Trends were broadly positive in the first quarter. As expected, nonperforming assets continue to improve, reflecting ongoing declines in both nonperforming loans and nonperforming loan migration. We remain confident that the pace of asset quality improvement will continue in 2013. Finally, we are pleased with our 2013 CCAR results, and you will soon see us taking actions to execute the plan, including implementation of our announced stock repurchase program. I'll now turn the call over to David for a more in-depth discussion of first quarter financial trends. Afterwards, I'll return for a few closing comments before taking questions. David?
David J. Turner: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Since Grayson has already provided a high-level overview, I'm going to jump right into the details. So let's start with Slide 3 on the balance sheet. At the end of the first quarter, total loan balances remained steady from the prior quarter. Our commercial and industrial and indirect auto loan portfolios continue to produce solid results. In addition, we experienced a slower pace of decline in the Investor Real Estate portfolio. The Investor Real Estate portfolio declined 5% linked quarter compared to the previous quarter's decline of 11%. At quarter end, Investor Real Estate ending balances stood at $7.3 billion, down $2.8 billion from 1 year ago. Overall, balances in the Investor Real Estate portfolio may fluctuate, depending on productivity levels, derisking and payoff activity. We estimate that we have approximately $800 million of derisking remaining in the portfolio, a portion of which will be offset by new production. And just to remind you, that compares to about $1 billion that we've mentioned to you before. In fact, new production in the Investor Real Estate portfolio has begun to pick up as we see more opportunities to make loans to qualify borrowers consistent with our risk appetite. We experienced another quarter of solid growth in our commercial and industrial loan portfolio. Average loans in this portfolio grew 2% versus the prior quarter, and total new and renewed production increased 3% over the prior year. During the first quarter, we saw a broadening of our commercial loan activity across a well-diversified base of industries and geographies. Consequently, overall business loans increased $268 million linked quarter. Notably, line utilization increased 140 basis points to 44.8% from the end of the prior quarter and commitments are up 12% from the prior year. Looking at consumer lending, this portfolio decreased just over 1% linked quarter as consumer deleveraging continued. As a reminder, during the fourth quarter, we began the process of retaining our 15-year fixed-rate conforming residential mortgages. This strategy supports our overall efforts to grow the balance sheet and effectively manage our exposure to interest rate risk. This resulted in approximately $180 million of additional loans held on the balance sheet in the first quarter. Declines in our total home equity portfolio, which includes lines and loans, continue as customers take advantage of opportunities to refinance. However, we are encouraged by the results at our home equity loan portfolio, as loan production increased 60% over the prior year primarily due to the introduction of a fixed-rate loan product during the third quarter of 2012. Growth in this product is expected to continue to reduce the pace of decline in our home equity portfolio. Indirect auto loans increased 6% quarter-over-quarter and total production is up 16%, as we continued to expand our dealer's network. At quarter end, we had approximately 2,000 dealers and plan to add an additional 300 dealers by the end of the year. Although credit card balances were down this quarter, our production of new accounts was 10% higher than the prior year first quarter. Currently, our penetration rate is approximately 12% of our households, and we expect this to increase to more than 20% over time. We have planned a comprehensive marketing campaign for credit cards throughout 2013 to help facilitate this growth. We were pleased with the progress we made in the first quarter in holding our loan steady, and we expect to see growth in loan production and anticipate that production will outpace attrition by the second half of 2013. And based on what we know now, we continue to project loan growth in the low-single digits for 2013. And now let's move on to the liability side of the balance sheet. Deposit mix and cost continue to improve in the first quarter. Total average low-cost deposits increased $375 million linked quarter, and time deposits fell to just 14% of total average deposits. This positive repricing and mix shift resulted in deposit cost declining 4 basis points, down to 18 basis points for the quarter. Now we have an additional $5.6 billion of CDs maturing in 2013 at an average rate of 93 basis points. Now this compares to our current average going on rates for new CDs of approximately 25 basis points. Further, our overall total funding cost improved to 45 basis points, a decrease of 86 basis points over the last 3 years. So let's take a look at how all of this has impacted our net interest income. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was $811 million, down 2% linked quarter. And this decline was driven in part by a fewer number of days in the quarter, as well as a decline in earning assets. Total loan yields were down 7 basis points linked quarter to 4.14%. This was primarily related to the impact of a continued low-rate environment on the reinvestment rates of higher fixed-rate loans that are paying off. The resulting net interest margin was 3.13%, up 3 basis points linked quarter. Again, this was driven by a reduced day count, which really resulted in 2 basis points of the benefit and our debt management activities last quarter. These activities and the decline in deposit cost served to offset the reduction on earning asset yields, which is largely attributable to the low-rate environment. Now we continue to expect our margins to remain relatively stable throughout 2013, with potential upside if rates rise. Let's take a look at non-interest revenue. First quarter non-interest revenue declined 7% linked quarter, primarily related to a decline in mortgage and service charges income. As expected, mortgage banking revenue was down in the first quarter, but well above historical levels. And while 2012 was a record year, we still anticipate 2013 to yield solid results. As mentioned earlier, we started retaining 15-year mortgages on our balance sheet, which will impact mortgage income. Now you can find a breakout of mortgage revenue on Page 9 in the supplement to our press release. Mortgage loan production was $1.8 billion, an increase of 13% over the prior year. And mortgage revenue continues to be driven by HARP 2, as approximately 40% of all HARP mortgage applications submitted were from non-Regions customers. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we purchased servicing rights on approximately $3 billion of mortgage loans, which will help offset some of the mortgage income decline going forward. Service charges during the quarter were impacted by lower NSF fees, primarily related to seasonality. As Grayson mentioned, we experienced an increase in net checking accounts, as well as our number of households, which will serve to drive future service charges. Also, our Now Banking suite of products continue to grow. The number of households using these products has more than tripled over the last year. Almost 60% of these customers are new Regions customers, providing us with additional cross-sell opportunities. Let's take a look at expenses on the next slide. Non-interest expenses totaled $842 million. And excluding adjustments in the prior quarter, this resulted in a decline of 1% linked quarter. And during the quarter, we experienced seasonal increases in salaries and benefits, primarily related to an increase in payroll taxes. Professional and legal expenses return to a more normalized level due to the prior quarter benefit of $20 million and reduced legal reserves that we previously mentioned to you. We continue to expect that 2013 expenses will be lower than those in 2012, illustrating our commitment to prudent expense management and the generation of positive operating leverage. Our tax rate for the quarter was 26%, which included a $9 million reduction in tax reserves, as well as a $4 million benefit to the valuation allowance. Excluding these items, our tax rate would have been closer to 29%, which is in line with our more normalized rate. Let's move on to asset quality. We continue to make progress with respect to asset quality. The provision for loan losses was $10 million or $170 million less than net charge-offs. Total net charge-offs were flat linked quarter and net charge offs as a percentage of average loans was again below 1%. Both nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets declined linked quarter, 6% and 7%, respectively. In addition, delinquencies also declined 10% fourth to first quarter. Notably, criticized and classified loans, which is one of the best and earliest indicators of asset quality, continue to decline with commercial and Investor Real Estate criticized loans down 9% from the fourth quarter. Our coverage ratios remain solid. At quarter end, our loan loss allowance to nonperforming loans stood at 110%. Meanwhile, our loan loss allowance loans remained solid at 2.37% at the end of the first quarter. Based on what we know today, we expect continued improvement in asset quality going forward. Let's take a look at capital and liquidity. As Grayson mentioned, we were pleased with our overall CCAR results and the Federal Reserve having no objections to our capital management plan, which we expect to implement soon. Our capital position remains strong as our estimated Tier 1 ratio at the end of the quarter stood at 12.3% and our estimated Tier 1 common ratio was 11.2%. Now based on our interpretation of Basel III, we expect our pro forma Basel III Tier 1 common ratio will be approximately 9.1%. Liquidity at both the bank and the holding company remained solid with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 79%. And lastly, based on our understanding of the new amendments, Regions remains well positioned to be fully compliant with respect to the liquidity coverage ratio. So overall, this quarter's results are solid and demonstrate the substantial progress we are making, and we look forward to continuing to build our momentum. With that, I'll turn it back over to Grayson for his closing remarks.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, David. Well, in conclusion, Regions is moving forward and gaining momentum. We are executing our business plans. We're capitalizing on our franchise's opportunities. We're actively managing our strong capital base and incrementally improving profitability quarter-to-quarter. Our first quarter results demonstrates progress we're making on several important fronts and these include: Prudently and profitably expanding our loan application pipelines; expanding and deepening our customer relationships; lowering our overall funding costs; continuing to stabilize our net interest margin while at the same time, continuing to reduce our overall risk profile, while adhering to disciplined expense management. We are committed to further progress in 2013, as we continue to prudently work towards maximizing Regions franchise value. I'll turn the meeting back over to List for the instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Thank you for your time.
M. List Underwood: Thank you, Grayson. We are ready to begin the Q&A session of our call. In order to accommodate as many participants as possible this morning, at the top of the hour, I would like to ask each caller to please limit yourself to 1 primary question and 1 related follow-up question. Now let's open up the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Obviously, you've had some real nice C&I loan growth and we've just heard from some other banks of pricing pressure and some terms being given. Maybe you can just comment a little bit on the rates that you're seeing and the underlying asset quality to what you're adding?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. Matt, clearly, it's a pretty competitive marketplace today and we are seeing pricing pressure within the marketplace. I would tell you that looking at the data, it would seem to indicate that while the pressure's there, we're still holding spread margins slightly above historical rates. But it does appear that spreads continue to very slowly move downward. But I would say, our numbers seem to indicate holding fairly steady with a bias on the downside. But we continue to feel like -- that in our marketplaces and in the segments we're choosing to compete that we are still able to hold pricing at a pretty favorable point. In addition, our overall underwriting and structure, which includes pricing, we continue to believe that we are prudently adding to our balance sheet. And I'll ask Barb Godin, Barb's with us to sort of give you a little bit of color on what we're seeing coming on to the balance sheet.
Barbara Godin: Thank you, Grayson. Yes, what we're seeing right now, very happy with the asset quality that's going on the book, you have to risk some pressure on structures, the pressure on price. But all in, it's clearly within our risk appetite. In fact, below our risk appetite levels right now. So we anticipate that, that book will perform well, both now and in the future.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then credit quality overall is obviously very good, again, this quarter. But anything within the C&I book that caused the jump linked quarter in charge-offs. I don't know if it's seasonal or just some lumpiness there, but just looking at the charge-off dollars in C&I went up from $17 million to $58 million, down a little bit year-over-year, but anything that you'd highlight there?
Barbara Godin: Yes. Matt, it's Barb Godin again. We have 3 C&I credits -- large credits total of $39 million. We had a reserve against them of $32 million. And again, that caused a little bit of the bump in the release that we saw. But again, no trend. It's at the point right now that we're going to see some bumpiness as we move out of the back end of the cycle.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. I mean, I think that C&I charge-offs, by their nature, always is going to be somewhat uneven. And we saw some unevenness this quarter, but still overall asset quality trends continue to be in the right direction.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: On that competition question, do you actually have the average new money yields that you're seeing by product, perhaps, in C&I and in CRE, in terms of what you're bringing on the balance sheet right now?
O. B. Grayson Hall: John, let me ask John Asbury very quickly to speak to that issue. John runs our Business Services group and he can speak more specifically to those spreads and yields.
John C. Asbury: Yes. Thanks, Grayson. Obviously, it depends upon the exact nature of the client with the larger clients, who are among the most creditworthy commanding the best pricing, so you get into mix issues. I would say, typically, what you'll see in terms of going on spreads to LIBOR in the middle market is going to be something in the neighborhood of, say, LIBOR plus 225 to maybe 250; it kind of varies. If you look at the real estate world, it's a little higher. It's probably within commercial real estate average pricing to 60 to 75 over LIBOR on those lines. And you'll see variation; you're up and down, again, depending upon creditworthiness of the client and size.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of your -- the longer-term loan loss reserve level, I mean, you said you're continuing to see some opportunity there to pull back on the reserve. I just want to get your thoughts on where the reserve level could end up leveling out. I know it's at around 240 basis points of loans right now, so I want to see where that could go to.
David J. Turner: Yes. John, this is David. We have talked, historically, that we've got the reserve pending. There are some changes in accounting that are coming. So ignoring those for the time being, that our reserves would be in that 1.50% to 2% range. And I know that's a fairly wide margin, and as we get clarity on how things are shaking out, we will refine that. The question is, the time period on when that -- we'll get to that reserve level and is really based off, obviously, charge-offs and what's going on the books. And we're seeing continued improvement in all of our credit metrics. You heard about the 3 credits in C&I. So our charge would have been lower. But I think, going forward, that we would be -- we expected to be in sub-2% range. But the timing of that, we just can't be as clear.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Levin of Citi.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If the Basel rules are adopted as proposed and you have to mark-to-market the securities portfolio for changes in rates, how much of a capital buffer do you think you'll need for the impact of OCI volatility on regulatory capital?
David J. Turner: Yes. Josh, we continue to look at that in terms of our modeling. In just rough numbers, we would be in the 25 to 50 basis points of probably additional capital that we would have to keep to soften any change in market changes because of the rapid change that could occur there. Obviously, we're hopeful that certain things get carved out, the final rules. But right now, as is, that's what the capital impact would be.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And have you heard of anything from the CFPB regarding payday lending that might impact any of your businesses?
O. B. Grayson Hall: We obviously -- we have a short-term lending product that we offer today. And we've been in close communication with the CFPB. This juncture has not many clarification of our guidance come out on this types of products. We're working with them daily to understand sort of what the direction will be, and we'll adjust accordingly. We continue to adjust the products that we offer to be more customer friendly and continue to try to meet customer needs in that particular part of the segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gaston Ceron of MorningStar Equity Research.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to dig in to the expense line a little bit more. I know you talked about this during your prepared remarks, but I'm wondering if you could give a little more color on the other -- especially the other expense line and how much room do you have to bring that down permanently lower from these levels? I mean, I know you said you expect 2013 expenses to be -- to come under 2012. But I'm just trying to -- as you continue to move, to improve operations or just trying to get a handle on what the normalized level is going to look like?
David J. Turner: Yes. Gaston, we've obviously given guidance on total expenses. As you get down into a more granular level, it gets a little more difficult. If you look at those other expense categories, in particular what you saw in there were OREO and held-for-sale expenses, we're seeing some gains on disposition of assets that are in those numbers that have kept those pretty low. Of course, our held-for-sale and OREO balances together are less than about $200 million today. And I'll you from OREO standpoint, that's below historically where we've been. So we see controlling that going forward as being really important to that other expense line item. We kind of like to think about our expenses in terms of the top 3: Salaries and benefits, number 1; occupancy, number 2; furniture and equipment expense, number 3. And so making sure we focus on ensuring we have the right number of talented people working for us is something we look at. We continue to make investments in talent, we'll do that going forward. We've looked at our infrastructure. In terms of branching, we've reduced branches more since 2007 than any other bank, about 16%. But nonetheless, we continue to look at branch locations and we had some consolidation last year of branches as we did the year before, and I'm sure we'll have some this year. And we'll have investments in new branches and new formats. So there's really no one big rock that you can look at in terms of expense reduction. That's why we don't come up -- we haven't developed a branded expense initiative. It is cultural, it is built into every expense line item that we have to make sure that we're prudent with regards to expenses. So I would look at those 4, 5 things that I pointed to in terms of understanding the direction of where our expenses may go.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I'm sorry, just a very quick follow-up on what you just said -- regarding branches, I mean, is there any sort of target for a kind of year-end level or anything like that or no? And just kind of see how it develops?
O. B. Grayson Hall: No. Gaston, we continue to be very disciplined and rigorous around looking at our branches in terms of branch activity, in terms of transaction counts, in terms of new accounts open, as well as looking at the overall staffing in those branches. We, as David said, we reduced our number of branch outlets over the past 3 years -- last few years, approximately 16%. We continue to have fairly -- we still continue to make adjustments to those number of branches and that develops over the course of the year, as our process unfolds. But you should not anticipate any large swings in our number of branches. But we make -- we're making course corrections as we see the opportunities and we'll do that every year and we'll continue to do it.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Murray of Nomura.
Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Do you mind touching on duration extension risk? And just kind of framing where you guys think you are now versus, let's say, 12 months ago? I know you've reshaped the portfolio mix a little bit here.
David J. Turner: Yes. If you look at our investment portfolio, we have extended duration slightly, it's just over 3 years. We've done a couple of things there though, we have some new asset classes in the investment portfolio, some new issue CMBS, some corporates that we didn't have that we think protects us a little bit on extension risks. But you really have to look at our balance sheet in total, and isolating it in any one spot can be detrimental. We are still asset sensitive as you see -- as you will see in our disclosures. You saw it in our 10-K, you'll see it in our 10-Q, and we continue to be that way, which is why we're, to the extent, we do have an increase in rates, you should see a fairly sizable improvement in our net interest income and the resulting margin.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think when you look at the loan portfolio, you see we put 15-year mortgages on our balance sheet, but when you look at the absolute of level that, in relationship with the size of our portfolio it's fairly modest. The other issue is, if you look at our commercial lending, if you look at small business lending, the lower end of middle market, a lot of that is term-based lending with an amortizing loan. But when you -- the further up you go in that market, the less of that you see. And today, on a dollars basis, still 3/4 of our business and commercial portfolio is variable rate priced. And so from a duration standpoint, we still think on the loan portfolio, we're holding ourselves in a pretty good position.
Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned that you purchased some mortgage servicing assets in the quarter. Just talk about your appetite there and do you view that as a little bit of a rate hedge as well?
O. B. Grayson Hall: We do view it somewhat of a rate hedge, but also as an NIR opportunity to generate some additional revenues for the company. When you look at it, our servicing portfolio, a little over $40 billion, and adding $3 billion to that, we think we have the capacity to do that. Our appetite, I would call our appetite limited, but still have an appetite for that asset and think it's incrementally favorable to our overall operation. We think we've got a team that's pretty good at that. We want to make sure that we don't create any capacity issues with that team, but we feel pretty good about where our appetite setting is for that business today. We're still a relatively small -- a very small player in that space.
David J. Turner: Yes. We're about the 23rd largest servicer roughly, which is about 0.44% market share. So we're really not that large, but we are good at it. And we have our team dedicated to this. Obviously, we went through all the issues and have done a great job, and we like the return profile. You mentioned the rate hedge, that's a part of it. The capacity is part of it too, and we have the ability to add some even from where you are today. And so we'll look opportunistically for those chances to improve that portfolio, increase that portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I have a question about what's going on with housing in your region and impact on the NPAs and just delinquencies in general. I'm hearing that housing is been improving, and I wanted to get your take on what's going on, as well as opportunities to further accelerate the reduction and exposure to legacy assets there.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. Betsy, I would tell you that we've been fairly aggressive in shedding distressed assets related to homebuilders through the cycle and really have a pretty low exposure to that segment today from a distressed standpoint. I would tell you what's changed this quarter from last quarter is, if you look across our 16-state footprint, a quarter ago we saw signs of housing recovery in a number of markets, but not all of them. I would tell you it's more widespread today. We're seeing more signs of recovery more broadly across our franchise footprint than we did. We're seeing inventory levels that are getting back to very low levels and we're seeing homebuilders starting to construct home again -- homes again. So I would say it's more broad; it's more consistent, and we believe that we're in a position to take a very prudent position of opportunity on that -- in the home building space. I'll ask Barb to sort of talk about the disposition of what distressed assets we still have related to that segment. Barb?
Barbara Godin: Thank you, Grayson. We don't have as many assets in that asset class as we previously did, particularly in the distressed environment. In total, Betsy, I look at our OREO balance as an example, we only have $133 million of those. We were able to get -- move those relatively quickly and [indiscernible] some decent pricing. What we moved in to held-for-sale as a well, I mean, right now we only have $66 million left in our held-for-sale portfolio. Majority of that is being turned within a 12-month period. So we don't see as much coming in the front end, either at the held-for-sale or OREO from the Investor Real Estate classes. We're seeing more in the C&I right now coming in. And in terms of overall pricing, however, going back to that comment, we are seeing a number of markets across our footprint that have increased in pricing. South Florida is one example, we're even seeing the Atlanta market, the Birmingham market. Some of our major markets have clearly moved in a positive direction.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Your NIM is relatively strong compared to peers, and there's more resiliency there. As you look out over the next several quarters, would you consider using that to be a little bit more aggressive on pricing and loan growth generation?
David J. Turner: Betsy, we -- our NIM, obviously, is supported in large part due to our -- the liability side of the balance sheet, first and foremost our deposits. So I had mentioned that we have $5.6 billion from the CDs maturing at a 93 basis point rate going into 25 basis point rate. As we think about disposition of those assets, we've had a program for a long time to evaluate every one of those to get our best execution on disposition. And it's not just about getting rid of nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets, but is what is the best long-term play -- best play for our shareholders. And where we see opportunities to sell, we sell. When we see opportunities to work out, we keep that. So we do understand that we can get our NPLs down a whole lot quicker if we just pulled them up and sold them, but we're not confident that that's the best execution for our shareholders, which we why we haven't done it. And Barb, you may want to...
Barbara Godin: No. I think you hit the nail on the head. I mean, we do evaluate, bottoms up, every quarter. We look at every single loans and look at what the best outcome is for our shareholders. And that might mean holding those loans a little bit longer. But having said, that if you look at some of our numbers our actual numbers that we keep more than a year in NPL has dropped dramatically. Again, in general, we try to turn our nonperforming loan book over in a 12-month period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: My first question, I wanted to ask you about the kind of the other side of net interest income story. So the NIM stability is certainly helped by a bunch of the mechanisms you mentioned on the deposit side and on the long-term debt footprint. But the earning asset balances continue to shrink even though it looks like loans have finally, in a good way, started to stabilize. So can you help us understand what your outlook is for when you expect earning assets to bottom and within that again, against a stable NIM backdrop, do you expect NII to grow from here?
David J. Turner: Yes. Ken, what you're looking at on the earning assets included the putting -- changes in cash and some of the liability management that we've had and we'll continue to see some liability management. We haven't been specific with those, but we still have opportunities on that front. So earning assets, the biggest driver of earning assets stability will be loan growth. And as we mentioned in our prepared comments, we expect that growth to occur in the low-single digits during this year. The specific timing of that is a little harder because we still are disposing of some of the assets, and in particular in our Investor Real Estate portfolio. But we're encouraged with our increase in production, in our loan categories. And I think that you could see a slowing of the attrition going forward on earning assets. And as we put more loans on the books, that's also going to support a higher overall net interest income. Obviously, we're still a little bit at the mercy of the interest rate environment. You've seen the 10-year jump around quite a bit in the first quarter. And so where we are from reinvesting our cash flows off of our investment portfolios is important to us. It's $500 million a month we have to put to work. And so being able to give you confidence on NII dollars is a little more difficult, but with the loan growth we expect the ability to be able to do that is enhanced.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think that if you look again trying to say what's different this quarter from last quarter, we still see modest demand for credit. That being said, we've seen better diversity of demand. We're seeing more demand from smaller middle market businesses than we've seen previously. Again, modest but better diversity of demand. Still strong demand in the upper end of C&I, but I would tell you that the mix of demand we're getting today, we consider to be an encouraging sign.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And my second question just relates to operating leverage. We all hear your comments loud and clear about continuing to move expenses lower, and they certainly are on a great path on a year-over-year basis so far. But from an efficiency ratio perspective there's always a little bit of seasonality to think about, but how do we understand how the interplay between that cost control you mention and then the revenue growth that you expect, translate into the potential to improve the efficiency ratio?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I'll speak and I'll let David add to that his comments. But when you think about efficiency, clearly, in a low-rate, slow growth environment, expense management just has to be foundational in the way we operate the business. And we're going to continue to focus on expenses very rigorously. But if you look at the efficiency ratio, the 2 sides of that coin, one is expense, the other is revenue. And quite frankly, when you break our numbers down more granularly, the revenue side of that equation is probably one we need to work on more. The expense side though we continue to focus on, and we still believe that, that will come down. First quarter is always a challenging quarter for a number of seasonal issues and a number of day count issues. But we still see the opportunity to improve that ratio going forward with a balanced approach on both sides of that calculation.
David J. Turner: Yes. I will tell you, Ken, that the efficiency ratio, call it, 64% change, from a seasonality standpoint, has a couple of points in there that work against us in this first quarter. Even with that, we would like to get our efficiency ratio down into the high-50s. And we think, in time, we can get there, perhaps needing a little bit of a rate pickup to get there. But while we wait for that, our focus is on improving both NII and NIR. Integrations point revenue is the biggest driver of improvement. So as you think through NII growing loans and having more of our balance sheet, more of our earning assets and loans versus security. So today, we have 25% of our earning assets that are investment securities and that number should be in the 18% range, just round numbers. So getting loan growth and repositioning there is really important to us. We continue to look on the right side of the balance sheet in terms of liability management to help us on interest expense. And then we're also looking at growing our households, and we mentioned that in our prepared comments because it's important to us to continue to add, in particular, checking account households to us because it brings us a source of non-interest revenue. And so we think we can continue to grow NIR through the development of new products and services. I mentioned the Now Banking product, where we've tripled our customers over the past year, have been a great source of non-interest revenue for us. So continuing to understand what our customers need and want, and developing products and services that meet those needs and therefore, growing our total revenue will be the key to us improving that efficiency ratio and our commitment to generating positive operating leverage. So it's not just an expense play for us, it's all about making sure that we can generate positive operating leverage in the long run.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just one clarification on the question that Ken had asked. So given the outlook for efficiency and some of the expense headwinds that you faced in the first quarter, can we expect to actually see expenses continue to fall from the current level?
David J. Turner: We end up -- our commitment has been, really, kind of year-over-year. The first quarter had some benefits in it relative to held-for-sale and OREO expenses. We had some gains in that quarter. We're continuing to work on those expenses to get them down even further from the first quarter. But right now, our guidance to you is really a year-over-year basis is as far as we've committed thus far.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just on the Investor Real Estate. I know you noted that productions improved and there is something like $800 million of derisking left versus $1 billion left, so implying that there's still some core runoff in the portfolio. I know you made some positive comments about demand potentially picking up. So is there -- are you starting to see enough demand on the other side that you could actually foresee this portfolio starting to grow at some point this year?
David J. Turner: We have -- it is very close. I don't know that we can claim victory just yet on it. We're down slightly in the first quarter about $400 million. Production is up, pipelines we're encouraged with, but we still have that $800 million. The timing of how that gets dealt with is what's harder to tell. Again, we've looked at -- in giving guidance on what the year will look like, but we are very close to where that attrition stops in Investor Real Estate. We believe you will see that in the second half of 2013.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just a very quick follow-up on the bank of that. Given where we are on the cycle right now, are you expanding your geographic reach in any of your businesses, whether it's in middle market or large corporate C&I or in the commercial real estate business?
O. B. Grayson Hall: No. We're staying -- we are trying to continue to grow our business within our footprint and within the businesses that we compete today. But we have not expanded beyond our footprint. And we have not -- we've not expanded beyond the products we offer today. We don't see doing that at the moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Panela of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is a follow-up on your margin outlook, David. In terms of the debt management actions that you did this quarter, could you tell us what specifically they are, how much is left in terms of debt management actions and whether or not what's left is embedded in your guidance for NIM stability?
David J. Turner: Let me answer in a little different order, Erika. First, I want to be careful about making any implication of any particular debt instrument that we might deal with. So I have multiple lawyers around me to make sure we don't commit to that. But I think as you look at our balance sheet and you think about where we are from a liquidity standpoint, that doing some liability management make sense for us. We have had some of that liability management that you've seen that has been baked into our analysis of NIMs since the beginning of the year. There are additional pieces that we have not disclosed that I don't want to get in, again, to the specifics, that have not been baked in to our overall margin guidance. So there are potential opportunities to pick up some incremental lift. I would tell you it's not a tremendous amount of lift, but there is some positive upside that could be there if, in fact, we execute?
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And to follow-up, again, this is probably re-asking Ken Usdin's question. But given that outlook should -- is it fair to expect that earning asset growth will lag loan growth in the back half of the year?
David J. Turner: Earning asset growth also gets driven by how we use some of our cash and liability management. So it's harder to compare earning asset changes to loan growth. I think the better way to look at it is to think of what the composition of those earning assets will be in the back half of the year versus where they have been, which is obviously more deployment in the loan book than in the securities book, as being a big driver. As we think about overall NIM, we're sitting here at a 3.13%. I mentioned in my prepared comments that 2 of those points are related to day count, so you need to level set there. And we're telling you right now that our margin is relatively stable looking out. If, in fact, we can execute on -- and it's right to do to execute on some additional liability management initiatives, then we might have some incremental lift from there. But again, caution you on -- that wouldn't be a tremendous lift, but it would be incremental.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to just dive in a little bit more to the statement of C&I, broad across geographies and businesses, just to make sure we get a feel for what traction you're seeing in the Southeast region and where is that real strength is coming from?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, Marty, as you have -- as you're well aware, I mean, the Southeast has probably been one of the tougher markets to operate in over the last 3 or 4 years. And I would -- my comment was that what's changed over the last quarter for us is that we're seeing broader demand from a physical geography standpoint. We divide up our franchise into a number of different markets, and more of those markets are growing loans this quarter than were last quarter. In addition, we also divide our customer base up into segments. And I would tell you for the last several quarters, for example, in commercial and industrial lending, we've seen most of that demand for credit in the upper end of that market segment is purely from a segmentation standpoint. This quarter, we're seeing more demand in the lower and middle part of that segment, which is an encouraging sign of our recovery. I do think that we're seeing that broadness both on a segmentation basis and on a geography basis. Clearly, some of the strongest geographies in our business, in our footprint, have clearly been in Texas, Louisiana markets. And for a while, we're, to a large degree, limited to some of those markets, but now it's much more broad.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then, David, I want to talk a little bit more, we kind of had this conversation last year, at this time, about the seasonal impacts. There's probably $0.02 to $0.03 of giveback if you look at taxes and security gains and some of the OREO gains that you wouldn't think of as sustainable. But then there is also the FICA and option expenses, the fees on the service charges of deposits and the day count in NII. Could you look at those 2 things as being kind of, generally, evenhanded in the sense of the givebacks versus the benefit you get from the benefit you get from the seasonality?
David J. Turner: Marty, I'd tell you and staying fairly broad that we had, obviously, mentioned our income tax numbers, the $9 million and the $4 million. So you need to think about that in terms of -- and that's tax, right? So that's $0.01 there. You can look at the traction of our quarter-to-quarter in terms of payroll taxes that we would have some pickup there, but we had some favorable held-for-sale and OREO cost too. So it's harder to give you, without giving you specific guidance for the next quarter, which I'm not going to do, but we're trying to -- if you take your $0.23 and start carving out those one-offs that we mentioned, we're trying to give you some guidance as to what would not repeat in the subsequent quarters. But I think you hit the specific ones that you should look at.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: It just seemed to me that there's about as much opportunity in the seasonality as in some of the givebacks, and that's all I was trying to think of, generally, not trying to forecast the next quarter but just look at the balance between those 2 items.
David J. Turner: Good comment. Good comment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you remind us the size of the interest rate swap portfolio and the current impact of the net interest margin?
David J. Turner: Craig, I don't have that specifically. Obviously, all that's baked into the overall guidance that I gave you. But I don't have the pieces of that impact and maturities, but we can get that to you.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And when you think about that impact, how's the mix of it towards the debt side in terms of kind of protecting interest rate expense on debt and also towards kind of variable rate commercial loans?
David J. Turner: Yes. A lot of this -- we have both. Obviously, we have some pieces in debt that are swapped and some that are not. And if you look at our overall long-term debt cost we're just -- we're right at $6 billion. Slightly underneath that, that after swap impact, is just under 5%. That's the liability management initiative if you just take that globally and think about where spreads are for us today that provide us an opportunity to execute some liability management to get that cost down. We do have some swaps on our loan book. I don't recall anything large rolling off anytime in the near term that's going to negatively impact our net interest income and the resulting margin though.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then just real quick on income CRE, I believe the portfolio is about $6.3 billion now. Can you help us when we think about a trough, expected trough level for this portfolio as we think of runoff decelerating over the next few quarters here?
David J. Turner: Yes. That was a little bit of what the -- one of the questions we're trying to get as to when that starts to grow. And it's a little harder -- the kind of guidance that we're trying to give you is if you take our number today at $7.3 billion and you think of 800 of that needing -- $800 million being in a book troubled category of rolling out, our production is increasing. We're encouraged by our pipelines. And when that actually shifts and bottoms out, Craig, is a little hard. It will be in the second half of 13. I don't know that you'll see this by the end of the second quarter. I think you're into the second half before it occurs. And so that's about as good a guidance that we can give you right now.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And David, the only reason I dissected the 2 numbers, I just gave you the income CRE non-construction portion, is it looks like the construction portion has already started to grow.
David J. Turner: Yes. It's about $7.3 billion in total. You were given just the real estate mortgage number. There's another, I'll call it, $1 billion in construction. And you're right. To your point, we like the growth. It's not a lot of growth, but you can kind of see quarter-over-quarter. Starting in the middle of last year, there was slight growth throughout '13. We are seeing opportunities there, but that book is still fairly small.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just curious on the C&I growth, could you talk about maybe where you're seeing better demand in terms of industry versus weaker demand? And I'm curious about your multifamily exposure and how you're feeling about that right now given how strong it's been recently for the industry.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I'll ask John Asbury to speak to that very quickly.
John C. Asbury: So as Grayson and David indicated, I would definitely describe the demand by industry as being pretty broad-based. Energy is probably still among the best, but it's not dominating it. And there's really no clear kind of 1, 2, 3 that are driving most of the growth at this point, so it is pretty broad-based. Materials, commercial services, supplies, some retailing, very encouraging sign to see that sort of diversification by industry type. And as Grayson said, also seeing a pretty good spread geographically. In terms of multifamily, we continue to watch a lot of new construction activity within multifamily. We do believe that the fundamentals for multifamily remains strong and we think that there is room for what is going in and that's what is on the books. Having said that, we watch very carefully the markets for evidence of overbuilding, including the submarkets. One thing I will add that's also an encouraging sign is, as we look at new IRE commitments for Q1, multifamily was just about 30% of total new IRE commitments, and that's good. It used to be that most of the IRE construction we were financing -- or providing was being dominated by multifamily. So we're now seeing much more diversification by product type, which is also a healthy sign.
Barbara Godin: Jennifer, it's Barb Godin. Our actual multifamily outstandings are down on a year-over-year basis, from $2.3 billion down to $1.6 billion. So again, we're being very careful as to what we're putting in to that asset class.
John C. Asbury: There are lots of equity in those projects well underwritten.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: One question for you, Grayson. In terms of capital return, obviously you exited the CCAR process this year with a positive result, I think, in most people's minds. How should we think about 2 issues. One, moving to a dividend payout ratio that's much closer to the 30% line in the sand the regulators have provided. And the pace of your buybacks, your $300 million buyback program over the next 4 quarters. Should we just assume that's going to be even, or is there some other way you all are thinking about it?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I'll tell you that we were, first of all, we were very pleased to get a favorable response to our capital plan recommendations and our -- positioning ourselves to be able to execute those plans over the next several months. If we sort of look at the progress we've made as a company over the last couple of years and trying to put ourselves in position to be able to return more capital to our shareholders, we think we've made good progress. We have been incrementally increasing our action plans to do that. I think you should anticipate that as our company continues to incrementally improve our financial results, then we will seek opportunities to incrementally improve our return to shareholders. It is, as you know, it's a much more disciplined process today, and it's a much more regulated process, and we're working through that process and trying to demonstrate that we can effectively manage our capital position. I think what you saw this year was a very conservative first step on our part and hopefully, over time, we can deliver even better news. I do think that there's opportunities to do that, but we've got to continue to perform. And that's what we're working hard to do.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And David, a question for you. You've mentioned several times on the call your thoughts around debt management. And I certainly appreciate the power that, that can have for your net interest margin. I'd like to take that question in another direction. What thoughts do you have right now in terms of the OLA and any potential debt issuance you might need to do under that?
David J. Turner: Yes. We're continuing to evaluate what that OLA impact will be to the regional space. That's largely, if you look at some of the letters that have been sent in from Congress, in particular, are really leaning towards the bigger money center banks. That being said, we understand that we have to consider everything that's out there in the industry, including how much debt we might need to carry. We are looking for better -- clearer guidance as to what that ultimately would be. As we have deleveraged ourselves, given where our spreads had traded earlier, we thought it was a prudent thing to do for our shareholders. Our spreads have tightened up nicely. They're obviously never good enough for us, but we'd like them to be -- we're encouraged by where they have moved. And as we think about how we've capitalized the bank, and I'm talking about long-term debt and equity capital, and our goal is to make that as efficient as possible over the long haul, such that our capital structure is sustainable for any environment that we may have, whether we're in a low-rate environment or a growth environment. So we obviously think about that efficiency first, and then we think about whatever regulatory implications there might be from changes. So to the extent the rules come out and, say, we need to go on a particular direction, we will adapt and overcome and deal with it. But right now, we don't have that clear guidance as to what that means for the absolute debt levels for the regional bank space.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: The question I have is regarding the loan loss reserves. You guys mentioned that you think that the reserves to total loans could fall into that 1.5% to 2% range at some point in the future. Can you share with us -- it seems to me that over the years, the regulators have focused on the reserve methodology based on classified and criticized loans rather than a GAAP accounting measure that we all look at, which is reserves to total loans. Are they still focused on driving or determining your reserve adequacy by the classified and criticized loans, or are they moving to this GAAP measure?
David J. Turner: Gerard, I'll start and Matt or Barb can jump in. I would tell you that those are elements of the same conversation. Obviously, criticized and classified, you heard on our prepared comments, we think now that that's disclosed and available to the public is an important view of what credit quality is in any financial institution. We used that, which is determined by our internal ratings as they are at every other bank, as an indicator of what embedded loss would be based on how those loans migrate through our process. I don't believe the regulators have any stipulated percentage of criticized and classifieds that may have been a way they looked at it globally in the past, but I don't think that's with what they're getting at today. I think they're looking for all of us to have a robust process that's documented and repeatable, that provides both to our shareholders and to them as our regulators, what an appropriate allowance should be. What happens is the coverage ratios, we compare those among peers, just to give us an indication as to how we shake out. But one should be very careful about comparing peer ratios, because we all have different loan books, we all are in different geographies, different loan types. And I think that what you ought to look at is how is our loan credit quality migrating from quarter-to-quarter, which will give you a better indication of what our ultimate reserving needs to be.
Barbara Godin: Well said.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Great.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then the second question has to with return on equity. I know you guys provided us with a return on tangible common equity for the period. But whether you use that ratio or a stated return on equity, which we calculated to be in the 8% range this quarter. If you had to choose 1 or 2 metrics that will drive that ratio, the return on equity numbers higher, which would then I think suggest your stock price could exceed stated book value at some point in the future. Is it your loan to deposit ratio? Is it interest rates going up 200 basis points? Is it a lower efficiency ratio, better credit quality? I know all of the above will help, but if you had to pick 1 or 2 items that really will drive that ROE higher to get the stock valuation higher, what 2 would you guys choose?
David J. Turner: I'd like to start with net income, be kind of a good one. I think that -- I think underneath that is probably what your question is and what really will drive your income higher, and I'm talking absolute dollars. And so as Grayson mentioned and I've tried to support that, for us, growing our revenue base is important. And when you are essentially a spread bank, 63% of our revenue being in NII, you think about what change is there. So you think of liability management, you think about optimizing the less side of the balance sheet, more loans versus securities, growing earning assets, in particular in loans which is what we're all about. So getting our NII up and getting our result -- resulting margin close to what it had been in the past, which was in that 3.35 range to 3.50 range. And you think of NII and what can grow that revenue, and you think of adding new customers and new products and services, so you've seen that come out of Regions quarter-after-quarter and we will continue to stay focused on that. So really, Gerard, for us, to get the kind of returns that we will all be happy with, is really about growing our revenue base. And of course, we all recognize we're challenged in a low growth environment. So while we're here, we're going to do the things I just talked about, while prudently managing our expenses, such that we generate positive operating leverage, such that we can have a reasonable return to our shareholders until 1 day that the rate environment changes.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Listen, thank you, everyone, for your time this morning. And we certainly appreciate it. And we will talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations O. B. Grayson Hall - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer of Regions Bank, President of Regions Bank and Director of Regions Bank David J. Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of the Executive Council, President of Central Region, Chief Financial Officer of Regions Bank and Senior Executive Vice President of Regions Bank C. Matthew Lusco - Chief Risk Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Barbara Godin - Chief Credit Officer, Executive Vice President and Head of Credit Operations - Regions Bank
Analysts: Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kevin J. St. Pierre - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Michael Rose - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. List Underwood: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation on our call this morning. Our presenters today are our President and Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner. And also here and available to answer questions are Matt Lusco, our Chief Risk Officer; and Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer. As part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. With that said, let me remind you that in this call, and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are not based on historical information, but rather are related to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Those statements are based on general assumptions and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the views, beliefs and projections expressed in such statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found on our forward-looking statement that is located in the appendix of this presentation. Grayson?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, List, and good morning, and welcome to Regions' Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. We certainly appreciate your participation and respect your time. We view 2012 as a transformational year for Regions, with fourth quarter results reaffirming our positive momentum and providing a solid foundation for the future growth of our franchise. During 2012, we achieved a number of key milestones through the successful execution of our capital and business plans. We completed the Morgan Keegan divestiture. We issued approximately $900 million of common stock, redeemed the preferred stock issued to U.S. Treasury and repurchased the related warrant. We significantly improved asset quality, our risk profile and strength at enterprise risk management. Our credit ratings improved. We further enhanced our technology platform. We issued $500 million of preferred stock and redeemed $345 million of trust preferred securities. And most importantly, we achieved sustainable profitability. On a continuing operations basis, full year 2012 net income available to common shareholders was $1.1 billion or $0.76 per diluted share. Lower credit-related expenses, driven by significant improvement in asset quality, benefited 2012's results. Let me point out just a few notable asset quality metrics. Nonperforming assets, including held for sale, dropped $1.1 billion or 36% year-over-year, the lowest level in 4 years. Net loan charge-offs declined 47% for the full year, the lowest annual level since 2008. In addition, results also reflected successful efforts to expand and deepen customer relationships and increase prudent loan production, strengthen expense management disciplines and improving funding mix and cost. Our emphasis on customer service and customer loyalty, along with enhanced product offerings and delivery channels, enable us to grow and deepen our customer relationship. As a result, noninterest income on an adjusted basis increased despite a number of business headwinds. Mortgage banking revenue was especially strong in 2012 as mortgage production totaled $8 billion. This includes $1.6 billion in HARP 2-related production. Throughout 2012, approximately 50% of HARP 2 applications involve customers new to Regions mortgage, which allowed us to introduce new customers to Regions Financial and expand our business opportunities across all our lending segments in both wholesale and retail. Total new and renewed loan production across all customer segments was a strong $57 billion for the full year. New production totaled $28 billion in 2012, up 14% from the prior year. Unfortunately, our strong production results have not yet translated into balance sheet growth as period-end loans outstanding were down, reflecting the continued deleveraging actions of our customers and further derisking of our Investor Real Estate portfolio. However, we did demonstrate favorable balance growth in our Commercial and Industrial portfolio and our indirect auto portfolio. In 2012, we also continued to improve our deposit and funding mix, lowering both average deposit and total funding costs 19 basis points. As a result, we were able to expand our net interest margin 4 basis points for the year despite another challenging year of low interest rates. From an expense management perspective, full year 2012 expenses, excluding goodwill impairment in 2011, were down 2%, in line with expectations and included net reductions in staffing of about 1% or 280 positions. In the current challenging revenue environment, effective operating expense management is critical. As a result, we remain committed to generating positive operating leverage. At the same time, we must continue to invest appropriately in people, technology and products to ensure that we have the best team, the right technology and competitive products to improve productivity and efficiency. Again, 2012 was a transformational year for Regions. We've clearly demonstrated that we have a viable business plan in place and that we are successfully executing on that plan to build a strong foundation for prudent, profitable and sustainable growth. I'll turn it over to David for a discussion of fourth quarter 2012's financial trends. Afterwards, I'll return to spend a few moments discussing 2013 growth opportunities. David?
David J. Turner: Thank you, Grayson, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 3 with a quick snapshot of our fourth quarter 2012 financial results. We reported net income available to common shareholders from continuing operations of $273 million or $0.19 per diluted share. Adjusted net income available to common shareholders from continuing operations was $311 million or $0.22 per share. Pretax pre-provision income from continuing operations was $493 million on an adjusted basis. Net interest income was $818 million and the resulting net interest margin was 3.10%. Noninterest revenues were up 1% from the prior quarter, while noninterest expenses were down 2% on an adjusted basis from the prior quarter. And from a credit standpoint, net charge-offs decreased 31% linked quarter, while total loan loss provision was $37 million. Let's look at some of the details, starting with the balance sheet. Regions experienced continued growth in our Commercial and Industrial and in indirect auto loan portfolios. However, this growth was offset by declines in real estate-related loan portfolios. As a result, average total loans for the fourth quarter were down $1.1 billion or 1.4% linked quarter. That being said, we expect to see growth in loan production and anticipate this production will outpace attrition by the second half of 2013. As a result, based on what we know now, we are projecting loan growth in the low single digits for 2013. For the quarter, total lending loan balances were primarily impacted by a decline of $991 million or 11.4% in the Investor Real Estate portfolio. At quarter end, Investor Real Estate ending balances stood at $7.7 billion, down $3 billion from 1 year ago. This portfolio now comprises 10% of our total loan portfolio compared to 14% a year ago. We expect this portfolio to continue to decline at a moderate pace over the next couple of quarters and more specifically, we believe that we have approximately $1 billion of Investor Real Estate that we will derisk and then grow from there. Our owner-occupied commercial real estate portfolio, which is comprised primarily of community banking and small business which tends to exhibit the same behavioral trends as consumers, declined this quarter due to customer deleveraging and lack of demand. Linked quarter, we experienced an average loan decline of $203 million or 1.9%. Although price competition has increased, a majority of the decline was related to prepayments and scheduled paydowns. However, as noted, Commercial and Industrial loan demand remains solid in the fourth quarter, driven in part by our integrated approach to specialized lending where our local bankers work with experienced lenders to meet customer needs. Total production for this portfolio was a solid $10.4 billion. Pipelines remain solid and are slightly above the same level at this time last year as our clients fund expenditures -- capital expenditures, working capital needs and increasingly, M&A activity. Commitments have increased 4.2% linked quarter and 12.2% from the prior year. Our consumer services portfolio, which makes up 39% of our total loan portfolio, decreased by $352 million or 1.2% as consumer deleveraging continued. As you may recall from prior quarters, our strategy has been to sell our fixed rate conforming mortgages. Late in the fourth quarter, we began the process of retaining our 15-year fixed rate conforming mortgages, and we believe this strategy supports our overall efforts to grow the balance sheet and effectively manage our exposure to interest rate risk. Declines in our home equity portfolio continue as customers take advantage of opportunities to refinance. However, we recently launched a new home equity loan product to attract a new set of customers. Results have been encouraging thus far as loan production for lines and loans increased 23% over the prior quarter. Average indirect auto loan balances increased 6.7% quarter-over-quarter. We expect the indirect portfolio to continue to grow at a steady pace throughout 2013, driven by expansion in the dealer network from approximately 1,900 dealers to 2,400 dealers, as well as by increases in auto sales volume. Total loan yields were up 3 basis points linked quarter to 4.21% primarily due to interest recoveries on nonaccrual loans. Moving on to deposits. As shown on Slide 5, deposit mix and cost continued to improve in the fourth quarter, and total low cost deposits increased $2.1 billion from last quarter. Time deposits fell to 14% of total deposits, down from 16% linked quarter as a result of our continued success in repricing and growing low cost deposits. This positive repricing and mix shift resulted in deposit cost declining to 22 basis points for the quarter, down 6 basis points from the third quarter, and we expect to drive additional improvement in deposit cost. Looking ahead to 2013, we currently have $8.3 billion of CDs that will mature. Of that, $5.4 billion matures in the first half with an average rate of 1.51% and $2.9 billion in the second half with an average rate of 53 basis points. This compares to our current average going-on rates for new CDs of approximately 20 basis points. Further, our overall total funding costs improved to 50 basis points, a decrease of 6 basis points linked quarter. Now let's turn to net interest income on Slide 6. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was $831 million or relatively flat linked quarter. The resulting net interest margin was 3.10%, up 2 basis points from third quarter's 3.08%. We were pleased with the performance of the margin. However, there were some temporary positive impacts from interest recoveries and acceleration of deferred fees related to loan payoffs. Together, these items added about 2 basis points to the margin. So really, you should level set our margin at 3.08%. However, even without these impacts, margin remains stable and in line with our expectations. Even though the low-rate environment continue to push on portfolio yields, with paydowns and higher-yielding securities being reinvested at today's low levels, that effect was largely offset by the improvements in deposit costs and the lift from our trust preferred securities call. In a continued low-rate environment, we continue to see opportunity to protect the margin through a number of factors, including continued reduction of deposit costs and our retention of 15-year mortgages. These factors support our outlook for a relatively stable margin in 2013. Of course, a rise in interest rates would further benefit the overall margin and net interest income. Let's look at noninterest revenue on Slide 7. Fourth quarter noninterest revenue from continuing operations was $536 million, a 1% increase linked quarter, primarily related to an increase in service charge income. Mortgage banking revenue, while down $16 million from the third quarter, remains strong and continues to be driven by new home purchases and refinances aided by the government's HARP 2 program. Approximately 63% of mortgage loans were refinances and 37% were new home purchases. 20% of total loans were HARP 2-related. And importantly, as of the end of the fourth quarter, less than approximately 20% of our loans eligible under the HARP 2 guidelines have been refinanced. As a result, we expect mortgage revenue to remain strong for the next few quarters. Moving on to expenses on Slide 8. Noninterest expenses totaled $902 million, an increase of 4% linked quarter. However, excluding the expense associated with the termination of a third-party investment in a REIT subsidiary, which I'll speak to shortly, and debt extinguishment cost related to our trust preferred call, noninterest expenses were $849 million, representing a $20 million or 2% decrease over the prior quarter. Additionally, during the quarter, professional and legal expenses benefited from a $20 million decrease in legal reserves. As we have previously communicated, we remain focused and disciplined on expense management and constantly challenge all of our associates to be mindful of every dollar they spend. Additionally, we expect further improvement in credit-related expenses. As a result, we anticipate 2013 expenses from continuing operations to be below those of 2012. Let's look at some of our credit metrics on Slide 9. We continue to make progress with respect to asset quality in the fourth quarter as several credit metrics improved, including criticized loans, nonperforming loans and net charge-offs. The provision for loan losses was $37 million or $143 million less than net charge-offs. Total net charge-offs decreased linked quarter by 31%, or $82 million, to $180 million. Net charge-offs as a percent of total average loans dropped below 1% for the first time in over 4 years. Inflows of nonperforming loans decreased to $350 million from $463 million linked quarter. Nonperforming loans decreased 11% from prior quarter to $1.7 billion, the lowest level in almost 4 years. In total, nonperforming assets decreased $296 million or 13% linked quarter. Notably, one of the best and earliest indicators of asset quality, that's Business Services criticized and classified loans, continued to decline, with criticized loans down 12% or $639 million from the third quarter. Our coverage ratios remained solid. At quarter end, our loan loss allowance for nonperforming loans stood at 114% or 1.14x. Meanwhile, our loan loss allowance for loans remained solid at 2.59% at the end of the fourth quarter. And based on what we know today, we expect continued improvement in asset quality going forward. So let's take a look at capital and liquidity on Slide 10. Our capital position remains strong as our estimated Tier 1 ratio at the end of the quarter stood at 12% and our estimated Tier 1 common ratio increased approximately 30 basis points to 10.8%. Additionally, in the fourth quarter, the company successfully issued preferred stock totaling $500 million, and part of the proceeds were used to redeem $345 million of trust preferred securities. Also in the quarter, we extinguished a $203 million liability associated with an investment by a third party in one of our REITs, and we incurred $42 million pretax, $38 million after-tax and early termination costs. This redemption removed approximately $28 million of associated annual expenses. We will continue to prudently evaluate liability management opportunities as we look to efficiently manage our liquidity, debt and capital positions. Tangible common book value reached $7.11 per share in the fourth quarter, up from $7.02 in the third quarter, an increase of 1.3%. Based on our interpretation of Basel III, we estimate our pro forma Basel III Tier 1 common ratio will be approximately 8.9%. Liquidity at both the bank and the holding company continues to remain solid, with the loan-to-deposit ratio of approximately 78%. Lastly, based on our understanding of the new amendments, Regions remains well positioned to be fully compliant with respect to the liquidity coverage ratio upon its implementation. Overall, this quarter's solid results provide positive momentum as we head into 2013 and provides a foundation for sustainable growth. With that, I'll turn it back over to Grayson for his closing comments.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, David. And just let me make a few brief closing comments and then we can open up the lines for your question -- questions. As I indicated earlier, 2012 was a year of progress for Regions. As we look ahead to 2013, we expect to face a business environment that in many ways resembles the year just completed. The pace of economic recovery continue to be positive but incrementally slower than desired. Our industry, our customers and our economy continue to deal with a substantial level of both global and domestic uncertainty. But overall, our confidence is building. As a result, we do anticipate a stronger second half in 2013 as the economic and fiscal uncertainty abate and our markets continue to strengthen. The Regions team is focused on growing our customer base and generating positive operating leverage. Our efforts to derisk have begun to moderate. Our expectation is that business should stabilize and begin to grow this year. We have demonstrated growth in some customer segments, such as Commercial and Industrial and indirect auto. Additionally, we have experienced strong growth this year in our mortgage business. But the growth needs to be balanced across all of our lines of business. We continue to be encouraged by our level of loan production, but we need to begin to realize net growth in our outstandings. Our confidence is growing, and our business continues to strengthen across the organization as we see improved pipelines, applications and originations. We remain disciplined in our efforts to control expenses and continue to see opportunities to improve efficiency. But we are committed to a balanced approach that invest in technology, people and products where the opportunity to grow revenues or improve efficiency exists. Our capital position and capital management process are much improved, and we are committed to returning an appropriate level of capital to our shareholders as our performance dictates, subject to supervisory review. In closing, our business model is a relationship banking strategy. It works to build deeper and more productive banking relationships by addressing the specific financial needs of our customers. We believe this approach will build shared value for our customers, communities, shareholders and associates. Now let's open up the line for your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Erika Penala of Bank of America.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is one on your margin outlook. You've spoken in conferences in the past about being open to using some of your excess capital to call some of your long-term debt. I guess the first question is, a, are you still open to that in 2013? And b, does your margin guidance for stability include potentially calling some long-term debt?
David J. Turner: Yes, Erika, this is David. Yes, we have consistently wanted to put ourselves in the position to optimize our balance sheet structure in terms of its costs on the liability side. We've been doing that through our deposit side, as you've seen. And from the debt side, you've seen some of our utilization of our excess capital, if you will, to rightsize and adjust the funding. We do have other opportunities. Without going into specifics, I think if you evaluated what we have outstanding, you could probably glean what would be some potential targets. We do have elements of that, not all, but elements of rightsizing our liability structure baked into our margins. But we want to see how things play out during the year. There's still uncertainty with regards to the economy. So we haven't baked in all the potential opportunities that we do have, but some are.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I'm sure you'll be asked this question several ways, but let me be the first to attempt it. Your adjusted expenses were $3,471 million last -- this past year. And I guess as we're thinking about the magnitude of decline, will it be similar to the 2% decline that you talked about in 2012? Or is there an efficiency ratio that you could point us to as a target? I guess it's the one question I'm getting from investors in terms of magnitude of that outlook.
David J. Turner: Yes, we have not quantified that yet. We kind of gave broad guidance that we would be down in '13 from '12, just like the guidance we gave you last year at this time. Things that we can point to, there is not -- there's no one particular silver bullet in that expense number. If you look at our expense run rate, you'll see that -- actually, our largest expenses end up being salaries and benefits and occupancy, and we think those are 2 areas that we will continue to work on to bring those down even further. Yes, we moved our credit card servicing in-house from paying a third party that we think will have some savings. We talked -- I talked earlier about the savings related to one of our REITs. So again, there's no one place that we can point to, credit-related expenses and others that as we continue to improve nonperforming balances and levels, we have some opportunity there. So I think net-net, we can see that being down. As we get closer and go through the year, perhaps we could put a finer point on that.
O. B. Grayson Hall: And Erika, we've really tried to build a strong expense culture over the last few years and have, to David's point, when you look at our 2 predominant expenses which really have been personnel and also in facilities, we continue to rationalize both. Last year, we were down, on a net basis, some 280 positions. But we actually had added back over double that number that we had added back as we brought in our credit card processing. We had to have a number of people added there, as well as we've added people in risk management. And we -- quite frankly, we've added people, bankers that are in customer-facing positions, but we've been able to offset that through efficiencies in other parts of the company. We invested an awful lot in technology in our branches to improve the efficiency of that entire branch channel. We continue to think branches are an important part of our distribution strategy, but we're trying to rationalize the expense of that channel to try and improve the efficiency of that channel. But as David said, our expense strategy -- expense management strategy is really not a branded program, but it's just a way of making sure that we've got a strong culture that is focused on efficiency and improvement across all of our businesses and continues to look for ways to reduce our overall expenses. And we did that successfully in '12. We believe we'll be successful again in '13 and have guided to that point.
David J. Turner: Erika, I should have added, you asked about targets. We think we can have an overhead ratio still in that mid 50 to upper 50 range. So we still have some work to go...
O. B. Grayson Hall: Over time, over time.
David J. Turner: Over time. And of course, we need -- revenue is a component of that, too, and we need more revenue to get us to those levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin St. Pierre of Sanford Bernstein.
Kevin J. St. Pierre - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: As we think about potential capital return and the CCAR process, you're over 1 percentage point higher on Basel I Tier 1 common than you were the last go around in the CCAR in Basel III, but your estimate seems to be already where it would need to be, if not higher. Could you talk to us about your capital plan and what your capital return priorities would be?
David J. Turner: Sure, Kevin. We like to be in this position a lot more than going into where we were a year or so ago, which gives us an opportunity to do different things. Honestly, we would like to use, first and foremost, our capital base to grow organically. We think we -- as I mentioned, we think we can grow our loan book in '13, but that's really number one. Number two, we do believe that we have a capital base and profitability where we're accreting capital that allows us to return more to the shareholders than we have in the past. We, as you know, submitted our capital plan in the first part of January, and we'll be discussing that with our regulatory supervisors. So it's a little too early to be able to talk about what that looks like. But having an appropriate return to the shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks clearly is something that we think makes some sense. As you know, we've acquired our credit card portfolio about 1.5 years ago. We look for opportunities with asset classes like that to use our capital as well. So that's kind of the 4 things that we really think about in terms of positioning ourselves from a capital standpoint. We do know and acknowledge where we are with regards to Basel III and our Tier 1 common under Basel I, and we think that gives us optimal flexibility to work with our shareholders and to grow our company.
Kevin J. St. Pierre - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And similar question on the loan loss reserve side. You've got, no matter how we look at it, whether it's reserves to NPLs or reserves to annualize charge-offs, high levels. How -- do you think that there is a floor to the reserve to loan or reserve to NPL levels? Or how much of that can we expect to see flowing through earnings in 2013?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Kevin, this is Grayson, and I'll make a few comments and I'll ask Matt and Barb if they'd like to comment on this. But we try to stay very disciplined through our process. We've had a methodology that we've been following on calculating our allowance. It's a very analytical process, and we've been competent in that process. We continue to believe that as credit improves, that you'll see that allowance moderate closer to what peers have given the relative mix in our portfolio. If you saw this quarter, continued improvement. And absent any economic shocks that we don't anticipate today, we think that, that pace of recovery continues. That being said, we have to let our process work and we have to be very disciplined in that regard. Matt? Barb?
C. Matthew Lusco: Yes, the only other thing I'd add is, I think as we've stated before, we don't -- we certainly do not see levels of reserves sinking to the levels they once were, something that once upon a time, when there was a 1% of outstanding type range. We think that will settle out industry-wide at a floor that's something north of probably 1.5%. So I think times have changed in that regard. And of course, in a FASB statement out there, that we certainly don't anticipate coming into play for quite a while, but I think it does show prevailing changes of thought as it relates to where levels of reserve go. Certainly, I concur with everything Grayson said about our methodology and it's consistent application. And that methodology and our processes, together with the pace of our improvement, will dictate those reserves as we go forward.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Barb, anything you'd like to add?
Barbara Godin: Nothing to add.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rose of Raymond James.
Michael Rose - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a clarification, if I could, on the expense guidance. Are you going off the adjusted number? I'm sorry if I missed it, the $3.471 million?
David J. Turner: That's right. That's an example.
Michael Rose - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then I noticed the headcount was actually up a little bit this quarter. Was that just more seasonal in nature? Or can you just give some color there?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, you saw headcount's up just a little bit this quarter sort of as we sort of transforming, if you will, a little bit to more of a growth strategy for '13. We added a few bankers in that regard, but you'll see that moderate some as we get into the year, as we drive some efficiency out of some other areas.
Michael Rose - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one final question, if I could, on the thoughts on share buyback. Now your stock is trading above tangible book value, does that kind of change at all your mindset around buybacks versus dividends?
David J. Turner: Well, Michael, I think that as -- we've gotten this question before. Clearly, when you're trading below or at tangible book value, that makes you think one way the higher you trade on that from a share buyback, you have a tendency to question that leaning in another direction. That being said, we're still trading closer to tangible book value. And if you look at our embedded cost of equity, it's still high. So you think about the return that you get from an investment kind of buyback compared to where you're going to put that marginal dollar, and that kind of informs us as well. Again, we've submitted our plan in January. I guess our industry is not quite as dynamic as we once were to take advantage of what market forces are, and that's just the way it is today. That being said, we think we'll have an appropriate return to our shareholders, and we'll be releasing that information at the end of March.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just some thoughts on the timing of when loans might bottom out or maybe how much they go down before... I mean, you mentioned some growth in the back half of the year. Just any sense of how much more runoff, and not to pinpoint 2Q or 3Q, but any more clarity around the trajectory of loans would be helpful.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, Matt, if you look at our loan growth last year, our loans period end to period end were down about $3.6 billion. 3 of that was in the Investor Commercial Real Estate portfolio. It has been -- in terms of trying to forecast that runoff, it's really been driven largely by the improvement in the economy and the availability of credit elsewhere for some of these distressed credits. And so the runoff for '13 was faster than -- I mean, for '12, for '12, was faster than we had early in the year forecast. And as you probably are aware, when we got into the fourth quarter of 2012, there were a number of decisions being made in anticipation of tax code changes that created a sense of urgency around resolving some of these more distressed credits, and so we saw some special activity there. So all that being said, the runoff in that portfolio was a little faster than we'd anticipated in '12. We see it today moderating in '13 and moderating from a couple regards. One is we think that we got the number of distressed credits in that portfolio down to a level that we believe most of our runoff in that portfolio will come in the first half of the year. The second issue is in 2011, in Investor Commercial Real Estate, we did about $1 billion of production. In '12, we did $2 billion. So we more than doubled the production in that portfolio, in that customer segment. We're encouraged by the early signs we see in '13, so we think we'll have a good '13. So we think we'd start to see stabilization in that portfolio by midyear '13. That being said is that our forecast -- the accuracy of being able to forecast that is challenging, but we believe that's where we think we are today.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on the net interest margin, they're relatively stable, I guess, that'd be versus the 3.08% quarter [ph]...
David J. Turner: Yes, that's right. That's 1 or 2 points either side of that.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. And then is that just relatively steady throughout the year? I mean, you've got it -- with the CDs coming due and obviously there's some seasonality in 1Q, I mean, there's some pluses and minuses, but relatively stable throughout the year?
David J. Turner: That's right. There's obviously more challenges early given where the 10-year is, and we do forecast a low but slightly improving rate towards the back half. So it gets a little bit more expansive, potentially expansive in the back half. So the first half is more challenging on that comment, but we still think we can maintain stability even then.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We do have a number of time deposits maturing in the first and second quarter, and those maturities are more heavily weighted towards the end of first quarter than the first part of first quarter. So we do think that while we indicate a stable margin throughout the year, our forecast would say that, that stability is easier to come by later in the year than early. But we still believe we're going to be able to achieve a fairly stable margin. The part that we can't forecast is as we get resolutions on distressed credits, many times we get the benefit of interest recovery, which aids our margin like you saw what happened this quarter, gave us about 2 basis points of benefit and those come when they come, and so you can't predict them. But we would anticipate through the year, in all likelihood, we'll see some repeat of that activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Grayson, I just wanted to follow on the last question there and just expand it a little bit to just the average earning asset side of things. So understanding you'll have some loan growth, but as you just mentioned, you do have quite a bit of the CD book running off. You've got some of the long-term debt as well. So can you just talk to us about how the earning asset progression goes as well? Does it continue to also decline? How do you mix shift different categories of the asset side as loans do start to grow from a period end perspective?
David J. Turner: Yes, Ken, this is David. You should expect to see some modest reduction in earning assets throughout the year, but that, from a margin standpoint, gets taken care of because of what you mentioned, change in mix of our balance sheet, whether it'd be from the liability side or the asset side. Things like on the asset side, we talked about our loan growth, we talked about our 15-year mortgages, we've talked at previous conferences about changing our investment portfolio and taking on more credit assets than we have because we have very solid liquidity. And so you'll see us take a little more risk there. And then we have elements of liability management that we continue to work down on the right side of the balance sheet. But -- so specifically, your earning asset question is a modest reduction.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So if we bring that all together, it presumes that net interest income dollars would likely be down this year, right, just on flat margin against the modestly smaller balance sheet?
David J. Turner: I think what you need to do is compare that and then also look at kind of the trends in terms of the 10-year for last year compared to where you think it might go this year. We started pretty high in the 10-year last year in the first quarter, I think, we topped out, I don't know, what, 230-ish and we're behind that right this minute. So there are a lot of factors that go into where you think revenue may come out, but those are the -- that's the main one you needed to look at, as well as earning assets and liability management.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then one just follow-up on the mortgage question. Can you just talk to us about the dynamic between how much mortgages actually you think about intending to keep as a proportion of that total loan growth you're expecting and then what the offsetting impact would be on the mortgage banking line by not getting the gain on sale?
David J. Turner: Let me kind of frame it up in terms of what last year might've looked like. So had we had this change, it would've meant about $1.2 billion in terms of volume and call it spread on the gain in the 3 25 to 3 50 range, so you can do some quick math to see what gains are relative to retaining that on the balance sheet. So today, 15-year mortgages are in, call it, 2 or 3 quarters percent offset with, if you didn't sell them, taking the proceeds and investing them in mortgage backs which going on today, with a like product, close to 1.5%. So those are the kind of things you think about and you can probably use what I just gave you and construct the difference between spread income versus gain on sale.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Levin of Citigroup.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: As you think about top line growth, where specifically do you see the greatest opportunities for top line growth in 2013?
David J. Turner: I think that, obviously, you have to look at continuing to maintain NII at a strong level because of the reduction in expense that goes into that line item. I think you have to look at continued solid mortgage performance and it was very strong this past year. It should be strong going in and through 2013. If you remember back to 2012 at this point, I don't think many people projected that mortgage would stay as strong as it did, and we are looking at -- we think mortgage will continue to be very strong for us. Growing our customer households is a priority for us. We picked up additional NIR there. Production and growth in our credit card book, which we saw in the fourth quarter, and as you recall, we brought that conversion in the latter part of the third quarter, so now we can control the customer experience. We grew accounts, which helps us from a credit interchange. There's no one magic bullet. It is getting back to basics and growing every one of our businesses that we think can generate both NII and NIR for us.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Josh, I think when you look at income statement, when you're trying to figure it out, where can we really grow, I would agree with David, I don't think there's one category that's going to dominate that. Clearly, last year, our loan production increased some 14% year-over-year on new production, new to Regions and we are encouraged by that. I think what we saw was sort of some slowdown sort of into late third, early fourth quarter sort of across our businesses, but then saw strong pickup in December. And I would tell you, December, from an activity standpoint, was probably one of the strongest months we've seen in a couple of years. December was a very good month for us and an encouraging month. And so I think when you look at where our opportunities are, clearly, for us to grow top line revenue, we've got to grow loans. We believe this can be a transition for our company in '13 to get back to more of a growth strategy and we've got a lot of momentum in the field across our franchise. And so I think if you look at where revenue streams have been, I think NII has got to improve for us to deliver on that. NIR has predominantly been driven by 2 things, really, our sort of transition to -- from sort of a free checking environment to a fee-eligible environment. We think we've gotten through that transition now or are back in a position to grow checking accounts in our company. We also think, from a mortgage standpoint, we did $8 billion in production last year. We saw sort of seasonally slowdown in the fourth quarter, between the holiday effect that you have in that fourth quarter. Top lines are back pretty strong. Is it going to be as strong as '12? I don't know, but it looks pretty strong to us at this point. So few more quarters, we'll know.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And as you said, 2012 was a transformational year for Regions. Given where you are now and you're past this inflection point, where do you see yourselves in the M&A landscape?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think, at this juncture, we're still focused on growing organically in our franchise. I think the M&A activity is obviously opportunistic in nature. We're paying close attention to everything that's going on in the markets. But quite frankly, our focus right now in this company is trying to make sure that we're delivering on organic growth, sort of earns us the right to participate in whatever happens from an M&A standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller of FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I think I missed it, going back to the mortgage, follow-up with some of the mortgage questions, of the $2.1 billion of production, how much did you keep and how much was 15-year product?
David J. Turner: Yes, I think from -- most of that was actually sold into the market. I can't remember the specific percentage.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And what you were talking about was that going forward, keeping 15-year product would be about $1.5 billion?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. Paul, we've been retaining -- of the $8 billion, we've been retaining roughly about little less than 20% of that. It's the only thing we've been retaining in large part was the non-agency eligible and also some of the adjustable-rate product that we had in there. We've been releasing the fixed rate mortgages. We transitioned in the fourth quarter the holding, the 15-year fixed rate product into our portfolio. But quite frankly, very little of that actually hit in the fourth quarter. That transition takes about 90 days, and so you'll see more of that occurring in the first quarter.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: In the first quarter. And then you said you launched a new HELOC product. Is this going to be for portfolio product? Can you add some more color to that?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, we had historically did an equity line offering. And in the third quarter this year, we've put together a fixed rate fully amortizing equity line -- equity loan product, that we rolled out to all of our consumer channels and production in the fourth quarter was up some 23% over third quarter. We were encouraged by the results of that. We like that product and that it is fully amortizing and it's fully funded on the date of origination. And if you look, it sort of how it stacks up from a Basel III standpoint, it's a very capital-friendly Basel III product.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Is this mainly second liens or can be first and second liens?
O. B. Grayson Hall: It's both, but it's predominantly first lien. Barbara, do you have the exact numbers?
Barbara Godin: I don't have the exact numbers to bring into production, but what we do have going on in HELOC right now, all-in is -- 52% of it is first lien of the entire portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just as a follow-up on some of the questions Paul was asking. In terms of HARP, it seems like you guys may have added capacity. You noted that take-up rates have been almost 20% so far. Can you give us your expectations of how high you think take-up rates for HARP could go as we look out through the rest of 2013?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, if you look at our portfolio, we're servicing about $40 billion in mortgages. That's large for us, but in terms of the overall market, we're a fairly small player, but $40 billion in servicing. And if you look at -- when we run the analysis, we've only refinanced, we believe, approximately 20% of the customers in that customer base into the HARP II program. If you look at our production, of the $8 billion in mortgage production we did last year, $1.6 billion was HARP II-related. Of that $1.6 billion, only 50% of that was mortgages that we serviced. So -- and it varied from month to month, quarter to quarter, but I would say irrespective of which time periods you looked at, it ranged from 23%, 24% production to as low as 18%, 19% production. But I think sort of keeping it in that 20% of production range is sort of where we still think that sort of falls out over the next few months, unless there's a shift in customer behavior that we have not yet seen. But there are an awful lot of people still eligible for that program. We're reaching out to those customers, making sure they understand the program and making sure they understand the benefits of that program and then trying to help them through that program and so I think it's a win-win for the customer and for our bank, so we're working hard on that.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just on expenses, when you think about the Regions 360 initiative, how much incremental dollar spend are you putting into this as we look out over 2013? And how do you anticipate us seeing the benefits of this coming through? And just when we think about the overall expense base, you alluded to credit-related costs continuing to come down, should we expect to see credit-related cost coming down but core operating expenses actually increasing from the current run rate?
David J. Turner: Well, let me tell you, your first part was Regions 360. Regions 360 is an approach to doing business the way we want it done with our customers, which is to help them through all their needs, through all their financial needs. Grayson had mentioned earlier about making investments in people that generate revenue for us. Don't take 360 as being a new initiative where we have to hire a bunch of people. It's getting our people to do what we want them to do, to execute on behalf of our customer. And we think you'll see that in terms of more pull-through in terms of getting a deeper relationship with our customer. And as an example, today, 50% of our deposit customers have one product type with us that we need to expand that and Regions 360 will certainly help us do that. So it's bringing the full bank to our customers that we expect. From an all-in expense point, again, we think our adjusted expenses for '13 will be down from '12. No one area really drives that. It's just got constant focus on every single line item. So if you wanted to look at the biggest movers, you have to look at our largest expense categories that we currently have, which are salaries and benefits and occupancy expense. We do have things like credit-related, it'll come down some as nonperformers continue to attrite. And I mentioned credit card servicing earlier and then the REIT-related savings that we had.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We talked about inside the company, we've got to generate positive operating leverage. And in order to do that, we have to look at both expenses and revenues and clearly have to be disciplined on expenses. But where there's opportunities to invest in people or technology or products that we believe has an opportunity to generate revenues and to generate positive operating leverage, we're going to take advantage of that. But your earlier question, you've really got to be pretty disciplined in that balanced approach to make sure that your investments are smart. But we recognize we still got to manage the expenses, but you still got to have a franchise as an ability to grow also.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio at Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just as a follow-up, I know we're kind of beating a dead horse on expenses, but David, could you determine what the overall environmental costs were in the expense line in fourth quarter and what a normalized run rate of them might be as we go forward?
David J. Turner: Well, let me kind of give it to you for a year. So if you kind of look at our run rate, we still think we have $200 million in terms of environmental expense, some of which we will always have. These aren't going away. We do think there's, over time, maybe up to 1/2 of that number, perhaps a little less than that. I would not look to that as being a huge driver of any expense savings that we get '12 to '13. Yes, it will be a piece of it, but I think, as I mentioned earlier, that you really have to look at all the categories because we have an intense focus on every dollar that we spend and that will just be one of the areas where we have some savings in '13.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's good coloring. If I can follow-up with 2 quick questions, more logistical. The preferred dividend this quarter, if I did my math right on the most recent preferred offering, is that dividend going to be closer to $8 million per quarter than the $4 million that was before this quarter?
David J. Turner: That's correct.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then finally, you're going to save about $28 million annually on determination of the third-party investment and the sub. Is there any lost revenue to that termination?
David J. Turner: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, first, I have to, David and Grayson, applaud you on the 15-year mortgage decision. I did want to know a little bit of background of how you were thinking through that because we've talked about it so much in the past looking for some term assets, but kind of what's changed your thinking at this point?
David J. Turner: Well, Marty, as we mentioned all year, we couldn't make arguments on both sides of that trade. We thought at the time that the gains were more important to us as we continue to accrete capital and put ourselves in the position that we're in, capital wise. Honestly, with a low-rate environment you're taking -- you're having to analyze that marginal dollar. Where do I put it to get the best return -- risk-adjusted return I can get? And over the year, as we got -- as we became very comfortable with our capital position, and again, after looking at the markets' thoughts on how I treated gain on sale versus lack of loan growth, that also has to enter into the picture. And so when you kind of bring those 2 things together, we felt that it was time for us to switch the thought and put the -- give up the incremental liquidity, if you will, for mortgage-backed securities and put it in the 1 4s that go on the balance sheet. So it was a close call either way, but we think this shift for us will be net-net positive.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And is it a peer substitution for securities or when you dip into that $3.5 billion of short-term assets which are only earning 22 basis points. Will there any be real redesign or shifting of asset sensitivity or are we still waiting on that?
David J. Turner: Well, you'll continue to see us work down. So I guess at yearend, now that you see our balance sheet, we're at $3.5 billion, earning 0.25 point, that number shifts around quite a bit, you shouldn't see us on average throughout the year to have that much. Most of that is incremental to the proceeds if we did -- if we sold the loans and took the proceeds, we'd go into some of our mortgage-backed securities. So you're trading out 2 and 3 quarters for 1.5. We already have our repositioning of our investment portfolios, I previously mentioned, to take more credit-related assets, but I think you should think about it in the context of a mortgage-back versus the mortgage itself.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And looking at credit card balances, they've been dropping pretty consistently and now we're bringing this on board, we finished the transition. Do you think that those balances can start to turn around as you go forward now?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, we saw some stabilization towards the end of the year and actually saw a little net growth, but still, at the end of the day, you probably -- Marty, you'd probably still call that flat. But I think we have some pretty strong plans now that we have that portfolio in-house. We've seen improvement in sales out of our branches and we've got marketing programs for 2013 that we believe will deliver growth in that portfolio. And we'll have to demonstrate that to you, but we are encouraged by the early signs we're seeing.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then lastly, I just wanted to hit on what's happening with the HARP, what is causing only 20% penetration of those refinances as you've gone through this year? What's the critical thing that you -- you had a year to go and refi. What's really been holding the customers back from coming in and being able to get those loans and what will change that as we move forward? And that's it.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I mean, Marty, I would tell you it's a great question. It's a question we ask ourselves often. And when you look at the programs, the rates, the rate and terms have been very attractive if you're one of these customers who are eligible for this program. Anecdotally, what we hear back from customers is some customers still are -- are still not as knowledgeable about the program as we'd like them to be. So we're trying to increase our level of customer communication and customer education about it. We also know that a number of customers who may be transitioning from the home they're in maybe to another home will not participate if they're going to refinance. So -- and if you look at all of the anecdotal comments you hear from customers, it causes us to believe that there's still a potential upside of more volume. I do think the underwriting process for mortgages is a very rigorous process right now. And so unless it provides a tremendous amount of benefit, people are probably somewhat reluctant. But we think once we explain the benefits of refinancing and what it can do for these families from a cash flow standpoint, we've been very successful in underwriting a number of these. We continue to build capacity to do this and as I think others around the country are as well.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: So do you think just that this last year has been kind of a passive because of the capacity issue just taking what they came into the door, now what you're going to do is take on more of an active educational process proactively by going out to the customer and encouraging them to come in that way?
O. B. Grayson Hall: That would certainly be true for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you guys share with us, if you assume your SIFI buffer is going to be 25 basis points, maybe it's slightly higher, let's assume for a moment for the purpose of this question it is 25 basis points and you're required to carry Tier 1 common at 7.25%, what level above that are you going to be comfortable in carrying in terms of your capital?
David J. Turner: Well, Gerard, I'm not so sure of the -- that the SIFI buffer is the ultimate driver there. I think there are other things that we need to think through, and that is one of the biggest one is OCI and how that's going to be treated. You still have buffers related to operational risk and other elements if you want to consider the whole capital plan. And so we've kind of mentioned over time that we thought the capital kind of settles out in that 8, 8.5 Tier 1 common range. I will tell you, though, it's still up for debate. We have a lot of discussion that's going on even as we speak relative to things like OCI, the send bucket for deferred tax assets and mortgage servicing rights and the like, but as we kind of cut through all that, we still see, as of right now, somewhere in that 8, 8.5 range as being probably where it settles out. And we reserve the right to be wrong on that, but that's our best guess now.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. When you look at your securities and cash as a percentage of total assets today, it's about 27%. Where do you see that ratio needing to go to get to peak profitability for you guys and how long do you think it'll take to get there?
David J. Turner: You asked the question of the day. That is something we constantly look at. Honestly, we'd love to take a percentage of our securities book and deploy that in loans if we can get properly priced, properly structured loan growth. I think, historically, if you look at percentages of earning assets for securities book, you generally have been in that 15% to 18% range. We understand and acknowledge we're way above that. I think most people are carrying more securities than they would like to today. If we can get some uncertainties taken care of in the economy, whether it'd be the cliff, the debt, the uncertainties in Asia and Europe, and get some confidence in the marketplace, we could see some loan demand, which we have the liquidity to shift into that really quickly. So I think working that down to that range I just mentioned is what we want to do over time. It'll take us a while. It's hard to tell you how quickly we can get that deployed. But it is the reason that we have started to take more credit risks in the investment portfolio, which is historically and predominantly established to cover liquidity. But we believe, we had a 78% loan-to-deposit ratio, we have plenty of liquidity and we don't have a lot of long-term debt. But we think that we can take some extra credit risk in that investment portfolio to give us somewhat of a proxy for credit that we've put on the loan book. That being said, we're in the relationship business. We're in the business of making loans to people and businesses and that's what we want to continue to work on.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Recognizing that is the primary focus here is growing the loan book, of course. Would you consider paying down some of that high-cost long-term debt that you have on the books and then just reducing that securities portfolio? So you would almost shrink your balance sheet to increase the profitability of the company.
David J. Turner: Well, we talked earlier about liability management. You saw us do some of that this past year. We have about $750 million worth of debt maturing all-in this year. I think $250 million of that is at the holding company and $500 million is in the bank. We've already had that considered in our liquidity planning, which we start 2 years out. But we're looking for opportunities to reduce our all-in funding cost, in particular, our long-term debt costs which today is about right at 5% after considering swaps. And so you clearly are hitting on something that we look at all the time in terms of how we might take that out.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And my final question is on the securities portfolio. What's the duration, the average duration of the portfolio? And then what is the duration of the securities that you put on in the fourth quarter into that portfolio?
David J. Turner: Yes, if I look at the overall portfolio, what changes is obviously prepayment speeds keep moving around. But today, we're probably 2 and 3.25 years roughly. If you look at what we've put on in the fourth quarter, that's probably, I don't know, 3 years maybe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Demba of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: A question on your Corporate Banking effort. I'm just wondering if you could, Grayson, just discuss kind of the progress you've made in the last couple of quarters and the growth you're expecting from that effort over the next 1 or 2 years.
David J. Turner: On Corporate Banking business.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Jennifer, when you look at our commercial line of business, really, most of our growth over the last year has really come from the upper end of what we would call middle market and what is generally referred to as Corporate Banking. Our Corporate Banking efforts are not that large. And the way we sort of have our business dissected is, in our small business, our business and community banking approach, we go up to about $20 million in sales. In our commercial middle market C&I, we'll go anywhere from that $20 million up to as much as $2 billion in sales. So we're really focused on that core middle market space. That being said, most of the growth over the last year has come in the upper end of that, with smaller companies, smaller businesses really behaving more like the consumer, still no more deleveraging and carrying larger amounts of cash reserves. We are seeing a little bit broader demand than we've seen before. From a strategy standpoint, we've tried to take certain industries that we're specializing in, like asset-based lending, health care, transportation, energy and also franchised restaurant. And we've tried to focus on them. Those industries, we've recruited some really strong bankers in those industries, and we've used those bankers even though they may be located in one market or another. We've used them franchise-wide across all of our markets and have generated what I think is some pretty good strong growth in our commercial book of business. Where we've seen the decline really has been in owner-occupied real estate has continued to decline throughout the year. But that's not surprising because most of that product is in the lower half of the middle-market space and in the business and community banking space. The other side is investor commercial real estate, that portfolio had so many stressed loans in it and it allowed that -- those stressed loans have had to be resolved in the course of business one way or the other. And so you've seen that derisking activity. But as I mentioned earlier in the call, our production has increased on that segment. And when you look at the overall commercial business, I would again say we probably had the best December we've seen in a long time. And going into January, we feel pretty encouraged by it. We'll hold up through the year. Again, the economy being what it is, we're continuing to see incremental improvement in the economy and we hope that there's more certainty around a lot of fiscal issues and our customers could get back to investing in their businesses. And I think we'll benefit from that if that occurs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but just one quick question, I guess, to hit on the mortgage subject again. Just curious as to what the new recommendations for QRM mortgages coming out recently. How did that affect your outlook for mortgage production or did it affect at all your desire to keep -- to put the 15-year mortgages on your balance sheet? Just curious as to how you're thinking about that new item for the industry?
O. B. Grayson Hall: We've had our mortgage team going through all of those rules and guidelines and a lot of the rules will have little to no impact on us. We think that there will be some adjustments to our business model that we're doing today, but they're relatively small. And so our mortgage team at this juncture is not predicting a big impact of those rule changes on our business. But our mortgage business has been fairly simple for a long time. We're not doing a lot of the things that would have impacted that business very strongly. But the -- so I think that at the end of the day, the guidance was good, glad we got the guidance. We'll adhere to it and we think we'll adjust our business model and move forward without a lot of barriers.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Fair enough. And then for my follow-up, I'd like to -- I'm not going to let Barb get away totally scot-free. I'm just, Barb, just curious in terms of you saw a very nice decline in nonperforming loan additions this quarter. How are you thinking about that trend into 2013 within your guidance of continued improvement in overall asset quality metrics?
Barbara Godin: Yes, even at the 350 level, I would say that we're in that normal range, the higher end of the normal band. I do see that continuing to trend down, though, and I would say the place for you to look at is our criticized and classified. Clearly, as those numbers come down, movements and [indiscernible] will follow.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions on loans. In terms of loan demand, can you -- I'm sorry if you already mentioned it, would you discuss what you saw in terms of line utilization during the quarter, where you see that trending?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Line utilization is relatively flat. It was down ever so slightly. We really haven't seen much movement in that line utilization in the last few months in that 43% utilization range approximately. We've obviously, in our commitments, increased substantially, but line utilization really hasn't moved much at all.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. So in terms of borrower confidence, I know we've heard some of the other Southeast-based banks indicate that they're seeing a pretty good pickup in confidence post-election and the near-term resolution of the cliff for now. So are you seeing some improved activity amid your borrower base?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think, overall, we see the confidence is incrementally better, but it's a little mixed. I would use the word mixed. I think, clearly, our larger customers are more confident than our smaller customers are today. I do think that I'm not sure how many cliffs we have, but getting past what we did recently really helped the overall confidence level. I think if we continue to make positive progress on the fiscal side, that corporations will become more confident. Because I would tell you, business, people in business, they want a more confident environment. I think they're poised ready for a better economy to start executing on their plans. But right now I would say it's better but not -- the movement has been incremental, not a big, huge swing.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then lastly, in terms of your loan book, can you discuss where you're seeing the new money yields come in on your new loan originations by type? I just wanted to get an idea of what the competitive pressure that you're seeing there in your pricing style?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, I'll make a few comments and then I'll ask Barb to speak on it as well. But clearly, competition for lending opportunities has increased and so I would characterize the kind of spreads we're seeing on transactions today, still historically better than what we've seen in the past but not as high as they were a few quarters ago. So I think pricing is starting to tighten a little bit but still at levels that we would say are better than what we've historically seen. Probably the most tightening has been on the commercial real estate portfolio where those spreads have really gotten wide right after we really got into the crisis and those, while they're still relatively high, they're tighter than they were. And Barb, if you want to add to that?
Barbara Godin: Yes. We look at middle market spreads in general, going back even as far back as 2004. And where we are today, they're generally pretty flat. They went up clearly during the crux of the recession back in 2010. They were up, as Grayson said, they've come back up, they've tightened. Again, all-in, if you look at some of our individual businesses, things like business and community banking, clearly, that's a much better yield than some of the others. In our business banking spreads, again, they were up significantly in '09 and '10 and they've come back in again back to '06 levels generally as we have with fourth quarter.
Operator: This concludes the allotted time for today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Hall for any closing remarks.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Listen, I appreciate everyone's time, a lot of good questions, and hopefully, you've got the answers you need. As I said at the first of the call, we appreciate your time and respect your time, so with that, we'll stand adjourned. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations O. B. Grayson Hall - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer of Regions Bank, President of Regions Bank and Director of Regions Bank David J. Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of the Executive Council, President of Central Region, Chief Financial Officer of Regions Bank and Senior Executive Vice President of Regions Bank Barbara Godin - Chief Credit Officer, Executive Vice President and Head of Credit Operations - Regions Bank
Analysts: John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. List Underwood: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation on our call this morning. Our presenters today are our President and Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner. Also here and available to answer questions are Matt Lusco, our Chief Risk Officer; and Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer. As part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. With that said, let me remind you that, in this call, we may make forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are not based on historical information, but rather, are related to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Those statements are based on general assumptions and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the views, beliefs and projections expressed in such statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found on our forward-looking statement that is located in the appendix of the presentation. Now that that's covered, let me turn it over to Grayson.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, List, and welcome, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Regions and appreciate you taking the time to participate in our third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Regions performed well in the third quarter, growing both fee-based revenue and bottom line profits as we continued to successfully execute our business plans and realize continued asset quality improvement. Earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.22 per diluted share. Our third quarter performance builds on a solid first half of 2012 and reflects the positive change underway at Regions, a change that is better positioning us for long-term outperformance and change that is enabling us to prudently and profitably grow our business and expand our customer base despite a sluggish and uneven operating environment. To accomplish this, Regions has been and continues to be focused on diversifying and building our revenue sources, streamlining our processes to better serve our customers, improving our productivity and efficiency and providing new technology that supports our customers' ever-changing needs, ensuring superior risk management and further strengthening our balance sheet. Turning to third quarter results, you can see earlier evidence of the progress that we're making. Fee income posted strong growth during the third quarter, driven by record mortgage banking revenues. Mortgage continue to benefit from HARP 2 refinancing, and total refinancings improved 15% from the second quarter. Through HARP 2, we have refinanced $1.2 billion of home mortgages through the end of September. Notably, approximately 50% of the applications were for customers new to Regions mortgage. Total loan production increased 2% linked-quarter, fueled by mortgage and indirect auto. Loans outstanding were down 1% as customers continued to deleverage and political economic uncertainty weighs on demand. However, commercial and industrial loan growth remain healthy, helping to somewhat offset the favorable decline in Investor Real Estate portfolio. We continue to improve our funding mix, growing our low-cost deposits while reducing our higher-rate time deposits, and there is further opportunity for improvement in deposit cost and funding mix. Let me also point out that according to the FDIC deposit data recently released, we have maintained our top 5 market share position in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and in Tennessee. In the third quarter, our net interest margin declined sequentially, partially due to a prolonged low-interest rate environment. David Turner will provide more details in just a moment. The Federal Reserve's QE3 program announced mid-September calls for purchases of large quantities of mortgage-backed securities for an indefinite period, driving down reinvestment yields and putting greater, longer-lasting pressure on yields than we previously assumed. While the third quarter decline in our net interest margin was disappointed -- disappointing, we are hopeful that we'll be able to hold it and our net interest income reasonably steady over the next several quarters, while improving funding costs, partially offsetting these pressures. Keep in mind that our low loan-to-deposit ratio provides considerable opportunity to add profitable loans to our balance sheet once customers have greater confidence in the economic and political outlook and are more willing to borrow. Let's move on to expenses. As discussed previously, expense control remains a top priority at Regions, and we are focused daily on identifying opportunities to improve our productivity and cost structure while providing products and services that our customers want and deserve. To that end, in the third quarter, we continued the implementation of new technology in our branches that will not only lower operating costs, but will improve cross-sell capabilities and enhance the overall customer experience in Regions' branches. During the quarter, we also completed the conversion of our credit card portfolio to Regions systems, introducing a new suite of card offerings and launched a new card advertising campaign. Although these actions resulted in elevated third quarter expenses, we are confident that they will provide attractive long-term returns. Currently, only about 14% of our customers has a Regions credit card. Over time, we believe we can increase penetration rates to more than 20%. Importantly, we delivered another quarter of asset quality improvement, allowing us to invest more of our time and resources in developing and executing profitable growth strategies. Simply put, Regions is transitioning to growth, prudent and profitable growth. While current low interest rates, sub-par economic growth and political uncertainty are creating headwinds, we are making solid progress, executing our business plans and building a foundation that is better positioning Regions for long-term outperformance. Before I turn the call over to David, let me briefly note that earlier today, we announced that, assuming market conditions are favorable, we do expect to consider issuing preferred stock in the near future. David will elaborate a bit more later. However, we're limited in terms of what we can discuss at this time in this meeting. Let me turn the call over to David, who will discuss the third quarter's financial details. Afterwards, I'll come back and make a few closing comments before taking questions. David?
David J. Turner: Thank you, Grayson, and good morning, everyone. I want to begin on Slide 3 with a quick snapshot of our third quarter 2012 financial results. We reported net income available to common shareholders from continuing operations of $312 million or $0.22 per diluted share. Pretax pre-provision income from continuing operations, or PPI, was $481 million. Net interest income was $817 million, and the resulting net interest margin was 3.08%. Non-interest revenues increased 5% on a linked-quarter basis, and total revenue increased $5 million linked quarter. Non-interest expenses were up 3% and, from a credit standpoint, net charge-offs were steady linked quarter, while the total loan loss provision was $33 million. Let's get into some of the details, starting with the balance sheet. Overall balance sheet trends this quarter were driven by continued growth in our commercial and industrial portfolio, as well as indirect auto. However, this growth was offset by declines in investor real estate and owner-occupied commercial real estate. As a result, average loans for the third quarter were down $973 million or 1% linked quarter. Average balances were impacted by a decline of $623 million or 6% in the Investor Real Estate portfolio. At quarter end, investor real estate stood at $8.7 billion, down $3.2 billion from 1 year ago. This portfolio now comprises only 12% of our total loan portfolio compared to 15% a year ago. We expect this portfolio to continue to decline, however, at a moderate pace over the next several quarters. Our owner-occupied commercial real estate portfolio, which is comprised primarily of community banking and small business and which tends to exhibit the same behavioral trends as consumers, declined this quarter, largely due to deleveraging. Linked quarter, we experienced an average loan decline of $338 million or 3%. Although price competition has increased, a majority of the decline was related to payoffs, prepayments and scheduled paydowns. However, as noted, commercial and industrial loan demand remained solid in the third quarter, driven by our integrated approach to specialized lending, where our local bankers work with experienced, specialized lenders to meet customer needs. Total production for this portfolio was a solid $9.7 billion. During the quarter, we transferred $185 million of remaining loans related to the Morgan Keegan sale off of our balance sheet. Excluding these loans, commercial and industrial loans on an ending basis grew $570 million or 2.2% linked quarter. Pipelines remain solid and are slightly above the same level at this time last year as our clients fund capital expenditures, working capital needs and, increasingly, M&A activity. Line utilization on commercial and industrial loans was up 60 basis points to 43.9%, and commitments have increased 12% over the last year. Our consumer services portfolio, which makes up 39% of our total loan portfolio, remained steady this quarter despite consumer deleveraging and our continued strategy to sell fixed-rate conforming mortgages. As I will discuss in a minute, these sales led to a material increase in mortgage income this quarter. Declines in our home equity portfolio continue as customers take advantage of opportunities to refinance. However, this quarter, we launched a new home equity loan product to attract a new set of customers that will increase our overall home equity production. And moving on to credit card, as Grayson mentioned, during the quarter, we successfully converted the servicing of our Regions branded credit card portfolio. It's important to note that we are focused on expanding our relationships with our current customers now that we can better control their experience with us. Although overall credit card balances are down due to consumer deleveraging, year-to-date production has increased 44% compared to the same period in 2011. Indirect auto experienced a record quarter of production since we re-entered the business in the second quarter of 2011. The loan production in this portfolio increased 10% over the last quarter, and average loan balances increased 6.3%. Currently, we have over 1,700 dealers in our network and plan to have over 2,000 by year end, all within our existing footprint. In total, consumer loan production increased 7% linked quarter, totaling $3 billion in the third quarter. Total loan yields were down 11 basis points linked quarter to 4.18% due to the prolonged low-rate environment and increasing pricing competition, primarily within our middle market segment. Moving on to deposits, as shown on Slide 5, deposit mix and cost continued to improve in the third quarter. Average low-cost deposits increased $385 million from last quarter and $4.3 billion from 1 year ago. Average time deposits fell to just 16% of total deposits, down from 22% a year ago, as a result of our continued success in repricing these deposits and growing low-cost deposits. This positive repricing and mix shift resulted in deposit costs declining to 28 basis points for the quarter, down 4 basis points from second quarter and 18 basis points from 1 year ago. And we expect to drive additional improvement in deposit cost. We have approximately $3 billion of CDs that are scheduled to mature in the fourth quarter that carry an average interest rate of 2.1%. Looking ahead to 2013, we currently have $7.2 billion of CDs that will mature. Of that, $4.9 billion mature in the first half with an average rate of 1.69% and $2.3 billion in the second half with an average rate of 0.66%. Now this compares to our current average going-on rates for new CDs of approximately 20 basis points. Further, our overall total funding cost improved to 56 basis points, a decrease of 4 basis points linked quarter and 19 basis points year-over-year. Now let's turn to net interest income on Slide 6. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was $830 million, down 2% or $20 million linked quarter. The resulting net interest margin was 3.08%, down 8 basis points from second quarter's 3.16%. As a reminder, last quarter included approximately 3 basis points of temporary lift resulting from a larger-than-normal volume of full payoffs of interest and principal on non-accruing loans. Overall, prepayments and reinvestment of maturities of higher-rate fixed loans and investments contributed approximately 6 basis points of net interest margin compression and $16 million of net interest income pressure quarter-over-quarter. Of course, an offset to mortgage prepayments is the positive impact associated with mortgage non-interest revenue, which I will discuss in further detail shortly. Also, the low-rate environment increases the unrealized profits associated with our investment portfolio. For QE3, the Federal Reserve has sustained and recently intensified its efforts to keep interest rates low. As a result, interest rates on long-term fixed-rate mortgages are at record lows, as are yields in agency mortgage-backed securities. Therefore, it will be challenging to grow net interest income and net interest margin materially if the current economic conditions persist. However, we continue to see opportunities to protect the margin by further reducing deposit costs, which will help to support a relatively stable margin into 2013. As Grayson alluded to earlier, assuming market conditions are favorable, we expect to consider issuing preferred stock in the near future. If commenced, the proceeds from this issuance will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include redeeming certain trust preferred securities. At this time, we are not able to make any additional comments regarding this potential issuance. Now let's turn to non-interest revenue on Slide 7. Third quarter non-interest revenue was up 5% linked quarter. Mortgage banking revenue reached a record high in the quarter, driven by refinances and new home purchases, aided by the government's HARP 2 program. Approximately 63% of mortgage loans were refinances, and 37% were new home purchases, and 21% of total loans were HARP 2 related. Earlier in the year, we established a goal to reach $1 billion in HARP 2 related loan production, and as of the end of this quarter, we reached $1.2 billion, exceeding our original goal by over $200 million. As a result, mortgage revenue totaled $106 million, up 18% over second quarter and more than 50% over the prior year. Mortgage loan production of approximately $2.2 billion during the third quarter reflects an 8% increase from $2.1 billion in the second quarter. We've been able to increase market share by providing customers access to local market -- mortgage bankers and increased capacity through 2 new HARP loan production facilities. Let's move on to expenses on Slide 8. Non-interest expenses totaled $869 million, an increase of 3% linked quarter. During the quarter, credit-related expenses increased $12 million, primarily attributable to quarter-over-quarter fluctuations and net gains realized on held-for-sale property. Specifically, last quarter, credit-related expenses benefited from net gains of $26 million as compared to $17 million of gains in the third quarter. Also, other real estate expenses increased $3 million linked quarter. In addition, marketing expenses were elevated this quarter due to the credit card conversion. Salaries and benefits were also up 4% linked quarter, partially related to an increase in incentives associated with record mortgage production and an increase in long-term incentives. Looking ahead, we continue to expect overall 2012 expenses from continuing operations to be down from the 2011 level, excluding the 2011 goodwill impairment, as a result of our continued and disciplined focus on cost control. Let's look at our credit metrics on Slide 9. We continued to make progress with respect to asset quality in the third quarter as several credit metrics improved, including criticized loans, nonperforming loans and net charge-offs. Net charge-offs were down 1% linked quarter and exceeded the loan loss provision by $229 million, resulting in a total loan loss provision of $33 million. Inflows of nonperforming loans increased to $463 million from $315 million linked quarter, but are down 39% from last year. As increase is primarily driven by the seasonality of our credit process, it does not impact our overall expectations for continued gradual improvement in credit metrics. During the quarter, we had one customer loan for $40 million that transferred into nonperforming loans and was subsequently resolved prior to September 30. Additionally, there were approximately $30 million of letters of credit that funded at quarter end, resulting in nonperforming loans. We currently estimate that we have approximately $300 million to $400 million of potential problem commercial and investor real estate loans which could migrate into nonperforming status in the fourth quarter. Nonperforming loans, excluding loans held for sale, decreased $31 million or 2% linked quarter. Held-for-sale loans decreased $68 million or 34% linked quarter, and the other real estate owned decreased $17 million or 8%. As a result, total nonperforming assets decreased $116 million or 5% linked quarter, but were down 35% from the prior year. Notably, Business Services' criticized and classified loans, one of the best and earliest indicators of asset quality improvement, continued to decline, with criticized loans down 6% or $305 million from the second quarter, and down $2.2 billion or 30% from last year. Our coverage ratios remained solid. At quarter end, our loan loss allowance to nonperforming loans stood at 109% or 1.1x. Meanwhile, our loan loss allowance to loans was 2.74% at the end of the third quarter. Based on what we know today, we expect continued improvement in asset quality going forward. Let's take a look at capital and liquidity on Slide 10. Our capital position remains strong as our estimated Tier 1 ratio at the end of the quarter stood at 11.5% and our estimated Tier 1 common ratio increased 50 basis points to 10.5%. Tangible book value reached $7.02 per share in the third quarter, up from $6.69 in the second quarter, which is an increase of 5% linked quarter. We're all waiting to receive additional feedback regarding the proposed Basel III NPRs. However, based on our interpretation of the NPRs, we estimate our pro forma Basel III Tier 1 common ratio will be approximately 8.7%. Now the NPR comment period has ended and changes could result, which could differ materially from capital ratios that we've estimated. Liquidity at both the bank and the holding company remains solid, with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 79%. And lastly, based on our interpretation, we are well positioned with respect to the liquidity coverage ratio. So in closing, this quarter's results reflect our ongoing efforts to focus on what we can control. We increased loan production by 2% over the last quarter. We achieved record mortgage revenues, asset quality improvement, and we continue to focus on providing our customers with new and innovative products and services that help them succeed financially. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Grayson for his closing remarks.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, David. Regions is entering the final quarter of 2012 with a solid foundation for growth, a foundation that we are strengthening each and every quarter. We are diversifying and improving our business mix to help maximize our growth opportunities, as well as identifying and building profitable revenue streams that have the potential to expand throughout the current economic cycle. We are focused on improving our productivity and efficiency, including controlling our day-to-day expenses, undertaking initiatives to streamline operations and investing in technology that enhances delivery and productivity. We're working hard to understand customers' needs and offer advice, guidance, and the best products and services will help them make better financial decisions. We believe we can create the kind of shared value our communities need to thrive by offering competitive products that are delivered in a transparent and trustworthy manner. And finally, we remain disciplined in our risk management, committed to growth that is both prudent and profitable. While our work isn't complete, I am confident the business plans we're executing will lead to ultimate outperformance for Regions and reward our stakeholders over the long term. Operator, with that, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: A little bit more about your margin outlook here. I knew you indicated that you expect a relatively stable outlook, but can you help us quantify your expectations, just given the compression we saw on the loan yield and the securities yield this quarter? Just curious how that may interpret into continued compression further out.
David J. Turner: Yes, John. This is David. We -- just to make sure we level set, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we were at 3.16% in the last quarter, second quarter. We had guided to 3.13% being kind of the normal recurring margin for that quarter given that we had 3 points of favorable interest reversals. From that, we had indicated we would be relatively stable. Obviously, QE3 came in, in the latter part of the quarter, which put pressure on rates, in particular the reinvestments that we have in our mortgage-backed securities portfolio. We are doing a couple things. I mentioned the amount of deposits that we have maturing in the fourth quarter and the improvement in our diversification of our investment portfolio. So when you look at some of the things we're doing in the investment portfolio, changing that risk profile, moving new investments into new issue CMBS and corporate bonds, we think that, that will serve to offset some of the downward pressure we see in the reinvestment rates. So with that, we believe we can guide to a stable margin from where we are today. And we say relatively stable. You can look at where we are today and give us a point or 2 either way, but we think those would be relatively stable in the fourth quarter and into 2013.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: All right. And then secondly, back to credit. I know you indicated the potential movement of $300 million to $400 million of investor real estate onto NPL status for the quarter. Can you give us a little bit more color on what you're seeing there? What types of loans are these and what changed during the quarter to highlight these?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Be glad to. When you look at the guidance we've given after the second quarter, we thought the migration to nonperforming status would be in the $300 million to $400 million range. If you look at what happened in the quarter and you look at sort of our loan portfolio today, and in particular the distressed loans in our portfolio, we've really gotten our portfolio down to the point that, even though we've gotten very granular, there still is the opportunity for just a handful of credits to move that number from one quarter to another. If you look at our overall credit trends, we continue to be favorably encouraged. Most of our trends have a very favorable direction to them. And if you look at the composition of those loans, we continue to believe that for the fourth quarter, we'll be back in that $300 million to $400 million range. In addition, as David had indicated earlier, if you look, there are a few credits that were late in the quarter making that transition, but early in this quarter, leaving that status. We've still continued to be encouraged by the level of resolutions that we're seeing. And I think that as we move forward, we still remain confident that the quality of our loan assets is improving. And I'll ask Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer, to add some color to that.
Barbara Godin: And the only other thing I would say, John, beyond what Grayson said is, I would remind everyone that typically our third quarter is our seasonal quarter. And for the last couple of quarters, as you'll note -- the last couple of years, I'm sorry, is you'll note our third quarter typically goes up, followed by a better fourth quarter. I would anticipate that seasonal pattern continuing again. As we look through the numbers and what we saw coming in, there is nothing that really stood out. I would also note that 53% of our nonperforming loans in total are now current containing as agreed on the Business Services side, an improvement from the 46% we saw last quarter. So again, there's nothing of major note that we saw or nothing that was disturbing that we saw coming in. As we did point out, there were a couple of large items that moved that number this quarter, and again, we hope to -- even the letters of credit, have those resolved as we move into the fourth quarter.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Like we've said before, there's going to be some unevenness in our numbers from quarter-to-quarter, but from our perspective, no change in our direction. Our direction is still moving in the same direction it has been for the past several quarters.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I don't know. So no impact on charge-offs or provision as a result of this move that you're expecting?
O. B. Grayson Hall: No. I mean, in fact, we look at our portfolio today, the composition of our past portfolio, our prime portfolio continues to improve, as well as Barb mentioned, the composition of our nonperforming part of our portfolio. Like she just said, 52% of it is paying as agreed. We feel like we've got it appropriately reserved. And while our level of nonperforming loans are high relative to our peer group, so we think that our charge-offs will stay elevated for some period of time, but our allowance is sufficient to cover that, and we continue to keep a higher allowance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up to John's question on the margin. Can you give us a sense of how much premium amortization there is left in the portfolio? And I believe, David, you commented that you are hopeful to keep NII flat. But if you look, you're seeing loan yields compressed. We only saw 1 month of QE in the quarter. So do you think you can actually grow the loan portfolio over the next few quarters to offset margin pressure?
David J. Turner: Your first answer is, we have about $1 billion in premium amortization and booked premium at the end of the quarter. And in terms of loan growth, we obviously are working hard, but want to be prudent with regards to the loans we've put on. We want to make sure we're being paid for the risk we take. And demand is challenged, especially in the small business and commercial middle market. That being said, we are continuing to have an increase in production, a nice increase this quarter-over-quarter, and we believe that the investor real estate, which ran off about $700 million this past quarter, starts to moderate, declining but at a moderate pace. We did have $200 million, I think I had mentioned that $185 million in my prepared comments, of loans that we have as part of the previously established agreement with -- in the Morgan Keegan transaction, to sell those. So that's $200 million that you won't see coming out in the future quarters. So we will continue to work to grow loans, which would help us stabilize and increase our net interest income.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think, if I could just add to that real quick, is that when you look at our loan production, we continue to be very confident in our ability to produce loans outstanding. To David's, if you sort of walk through our different lines of business, we're seeing good, strong growth in commercial and industrial, and indirect auto and in mortgage. But we've made a few decisions that certainly are impacting our net out -- our net loans outstanding at the end of the quarter. And that is, number one, we're not holding a lot of our mortgage production. Most of our mortgage production, we're releasing that into the secondary market. And if you look at our commercial real estate, as David said, it was -- industrial/commercial real estate was down approximately $700 million for the quarter and we released $185 million as part of the Morgan Keegan-Raymond James transaction. And net-net, that was the decline in our loan portfolio. And so we continue to be encouraged by production. As deleveraging by customers starts to slow down, I think we can start to see some decent growth out of our portfolio.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And this is a question for both, I guess, for both Grayson and David. Just when you think about performance, we obviously saw a top line pressure from declining margins and we did see expenses increase now. I know you noted that expenses will be down year-over-year, and it makes sense that you are trying to invest for growth in the future. But can you talk about some of the things that you're doing internally to control expenses? And as you look out, assuming we don't see a huge change in the revenue and growth environment, at what point do you start to take a hard look at expenses, particularly on the branch side, and start to take out some significant costs?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I think that -- we've had a focus on expenses for quite some time, and expenses were up third quarter versus second quarter. As David mentioned earlier, part of that increase in expenses, obviously, was our credit card portfolio conversion. We spent quite a bit of money there, not only on the conversion itself, but on the advertising of that, in communication with our customers, and as well as increased staffing to accommodate the telephone calls and the support of those customers as they went through that transition. But when you look at expenses overall, we continue to drive down total staffing in the company, become more efficient. We've been heavy investors in technology. We've implemented quite a few new technology projects in the last few months that have really improved our efficiency, but at the same time, improved our service level. If you look over the last 4 years, we've probably consolidated our branch franchise more than any of our peer group and continue to look at ways to extract efficiency out of our branches. I think you should anticipate that we'll continue to have a strong focus on expense management. That being said, there still are times when we're going to spend to grow. We've got opportunities to grow our business. And as our business managers and market managers come to the table with ideas where we can spend some money to grow this organization in a prudent and thoughtful manner, we're going to take advantage of those opportunities, but you should anticipate core expenses will continue to incrementally decline over time.
David J. Turner: And I was going to add to that. I did want to point out that, you'd mentioned expenses were up, revenue was up as well. And expenses, we pointed out a couple of things shouldn't be recurring. I would tell you that we're in the middle of budget season, as is everybody else. There is not a meeting that we don't go to where we talk about expenses at the end of the day. And as every expense that we incur, that we continue to challenge ourselves on that spend. We do want to make sure that we're making investments for the future, though, and we will continue to do that as, Grayson mentioned. So you haven't heard of a named expense initiative from us; you will not, because it's something we do each and every day. And we'll give you more guidance in terms of what we think expenses for 2013 will look like on the next call.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just as maybe a quick follow-up, how much core expense are you actually taking out versus how much are you reinvesting in technology and growth for the future?
David J. Turner: Well, just different projects have different -- I don't have a number, a consolidated number, in terms of how much savings we have that we've reinvested. We really don't look at it that way. We look at making investments that are prudent, that pay themselves back in a reasonable period of time and also help our -- from a customer service standpoint. So we can get back to you and get a more definitive answer on that, Ryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Penala of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on some of the questions with regard to the NPL trends, and I wanted to make sure we were taking away the right thing. Of the $463 million in growth NPL additions this quarter, David, am I interpreting it right that $40 billion -- or $40 million of that was subsequently resolved after the quarter?
David J. Turner: Erika, it was resolved within the quarter. What we did is we believed that, had those not been resolved by September 30, they would have been an NPL. So we thought the right thing to do was to show that gross migration. So it's not in NPL because the loans are gone, but we showed it transferring in gross and then we have it resolved. When you look at our supplement, you'll see it coming -- you can't -- it's embedded in the resolutions, but in and out in the same quarter.
O. B. Grayson Hall: But the $463 million is a gross migration and the $40 million was netted out of total NPLs.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I see. And, Barb, could you explain to us what is unique about your market or your loan portfolio that you typically have a seasonal increase in NPLs in the third quarters?
Barbara Godin: Certainly, Erika. What we do is we continue to credit service our loans throughout the year. But again, as we look at the spring, when everyone files their taxes, we sit down and we have that much harder look with the audited tax returns from our customers and have those conversations with them, as well as getting updated appraisals. And just by those sheer conversations, if we hear anything in those discussions from our customers that leads us to believe that we may not get paid back our full principal and interest completely over the time horizon, we will then go ahead and make that determination to put it into nonperforming loans. And we have a large book that actually comes due for servicing in that same timeframe.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And just one follow-up question, one more follow-up, if I may. David, on the liability side, could you remind us what the opportunity is in both the size and the rate of the TruPS that you could potentially redeem and whether or not that rate is hedged out? Additionally, given that -- our fixed income team, for example, thinks that you can issue 5 year senior much more cheaply than where your long-term debt is costing you right now. Could you give us a sense of whether or not your trajectory for a stable margin includes some liability levers that you could pull off in the wholesale side beyond the trust preferred?
David J. Turner: Sure. I'll tell you, our guidance does not include all the liability management initiatives that we are considering at this point. Specifically, to the trust preferreds, we do have 2 issues. One is a $500 million issue that is at 6 5/8, and then there's a $345 million issue that's at 8 7/8, and we continue to look at those, as we do our long-term debt and subordinated debt in the bank, to evaluate all the liability and capital management strategies that are at our disposal. So we will continue to do that and all of that has not been factored into the guidance that I gave you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: One more NIM question here. The $1 billion premium that you have in the securities book, obviously that's a high number, but you're amortizing a lot of that each quarter. Can you give us a sense of what the amortization is and maybe what it was this quarter versus what it was last quarter or a year ago?
David J. Turner: We had amortization in the third quarter of approximately $75 million, and that was up from about $69.5 million in the second quarter.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So you're obviously amortizing at a fairly high rate there. Just separately, the service fees, I know they bounced nicely quarter-to quarter, but I think last quarter had some one-time adjustments and you had been looking for the fees to bounce back a little bit more. Is that just lower NSF or overdraft usage or anything else going on there?
David J. Turner: We do expect that run rate to get back to, next quarter, where we are -- where we were in the first quarter. We did have some adjustments in the third quarter, approximately $11 million, that we believe will not recur in the fourth quarter. And so you can think of it, Matt, in terms of a run rate, being more consistent with the first quarter.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Can you tell us what those adjustments were and maybe why they were not done last quarter when you had some other adjustments?
David J. Turner: That $11 million was just adjusting the estimate of the reserve that we booked in the second quarter. We got a better number in the third quarter and made the adjustment when we became aware of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask a question about just the earning asset trajectory. So the next couple of quarters, you've got $3 billion in CDs coming off and then $5 billion in the first quarter, so a significant amount of the balance sheet that's got the opportunity to reprice very near term. Can you tell us about just how you're planning on either retaining the CDs or should we continue to expect the overall size of the earning asset base to continue to shrink as it has the last couple of quarters as you've been doing this positive remixing on the deposit side?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, let me -- Ken, we've been executing a pretty aggressive deposit repricing strategy for a number of quarters now. We continue to be confident in that strategy. The results are apparent in our numbers. We still believe there's opportunity to continue to price down our overall deposit costs, but more importantly, we continue to be pleased with the mix shift that we're seeing. Time deposits are now down to 16% of our total deposit portfolio. And we do believe we've still got opportunity to continue to drive down that total cost of that book of business. We've been seeing retention of the time deposits that mature sort of in about the 70% range. We haven't seen that change over time. It's stayed fairly consistent through this strategy, and we would anticipate it continuing. That being said, a lot of those dollars that leave the time deposit category appear to be landing in other products to some degree with inside the bank. And so while we've reduced our reliance on time deposits considerably, our overall deposits have only compressed moderately. And so -- and we continue to, as we said earlier, to have a very healthy loan-to-deposit ratio this quarter of 79%. So at this juncture, we plan on continuing to execute this same deposit strategy and incrementally improve that deposit funding over time. On the earning asset side, we continue to have more of our earning assets and securities than we'd prefer. We're looking for opportunities to lend. We're finding traction in certain areas. As David mentioned, our pipelines look strong. On the commercial side of our house, the third quarter is always a seasonally low quarter for that activity, but our pipelines are probably about as strong as we've seen them in a long time. That being said, like you've heard on a number of these earnings conference calls, customers seem a little hesitant the last month or so, to borrow, to invest, but we anticipate, like we normally see, a pretty strong surge in the fourth quarter, and we anticipate that. But we are monitoring sort of the conviction and confidence of our customers as we move forward.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, Grayson. And then to just follow up on just the securities portfolio side, to your point about the portfolio being bigger than you'd like, it's continued to grow as an offset to the shrinking loan portfolio. So maybe, David, can you talk us through kind of your -- what's rolling off the book and what you're finding, what you're investing in incrementally, as the securities portfolio has continued to grow, to kind of fill this gap?
David J. Turner: Yes. We have just normal cash flow coming off the portfolio, $500 million a month, I think I've mentioned that before, that we have to put back to work. Some of that's gone into mortgage-backeds, but the rates on those are so low, we're looking for alternatives. Those alternatives include new issue CMBS, as well as corporate securities. You can see where we are today in our portfolio, being about $2.5 billion in those 2. That will grow and that will be a place where we put some of our cash flow that we have. We obviously -- our preference is to deploy that in the loan books, but we want to make sure that we're growing the loans prudently and being paid for the risk we take. We're encouraged by our pipelines on the loan side. We're encouraged by the conversion that we finished with credit card. There are a lot of positives that we have that are adding to help us offset this low-growth, low-demand environment that we have for loans. But we also will look to liability management, as we discussed earlier, and find the most prudent use of our cash flow.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. And one, just quick one for you, David, on the expense side. You mentioned in the press release there's a whole bunch of line items that had -- that looked like they were just above trend, whether it was that long-term incentive comp and a couple of the card conversion, et cetera. Can you just give us a kind of a directional help in terms of how many of those things or can you quantify the things that were either one-time or above trend this quarter in terms of what expenses should look like next quarter?
David J. Turner: I can on the conversion. The conversion cost us roughly, in that line item you're referring to, in the $8 million range that shouldn't be there. The long-term incentive is the amortization of the grant that was made in the second quarter. So that amortization, obviously, is there through the award period. But that's the answer on the conversion piece.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: David, a question for you. You've mentioned a couple of times the opportunities that you're seeing to deploy cash flow out of the portfolio into new issue CMBS and corporate securities. Just curious as to where you're thinking those yields can be put on for your portfolio relative to the MBS opportunities that you're seeing.
David J. Turner: Yes, I think if you're looking at MBS today, you're looking at a 1.25 range. We think in the -- when we're talking about corporates, we're talking about the AAA tranche, a pretty safe tranche that's somewhere in the 1.5 to 2.5 range.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then a question on HARP, if I can. You mentioned that about 1/2 of your year-to-date originations in the HARP program have come from outside your own portfolio. Could you provide a little color as to where those mortgages were sitting previous to your refinancing them?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I'll give you a little bit of color. So we mentioned we did about $2.2 billion in total mortgage production last quarter, this quarter. 21% of that would've been HARP II production, and down just a little bit from last quarter. Last quarter would have been about 22% So we're only down about 1% from where we're at. What we're finding is that, that production is really coming to us, both our customers and someone who had their original mortgage with someone else, and 50% of those to date have been from another competitor. I think if you look at the market share data for mortgages, without calling names, most of the mortgages are held by a handful of institutions in this country, much larger institutions, and that's where the vast majority of it's coming from. All of our mortgage office, mortgage bankers, are out in our local markets. And obviously, most of our production is coming from those states that we have the most dominant share in, which is Florida, Alabama, Tennessee, Mississippi, Louisiana and Arkansas. So that's where the bulk of the majority of our production will come through. But the mortgage business is a very concentrated business in this country, and the vast majority of the mortgages are held by 4 or 5 players.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then if I can, a final question for you, David. I know you mentioned that you're considering issuing preferred stock. Is that something you would think about filling the entire 150 basis points of Tier 1 qualifying preferred, basically all at once? If I estimate that, that would be around $1.4 billion of preferred stock based on your Tier 1 risk-weighted assets of $91 billion.
David J. Turner: Yes, I want to be careful about mentioning any particular size based on our release earlier. But suffice it to say, you can see what our Tier 1, non-common Tier 1, is made up today, our trust preferred securities. I think it'd be prudent to have more noncommon Tier 1 instruments in there at an appropriate amount. And so preferred stock, obviously, can fill that. How that's done and how much and how many times is something that we have to address in time. And I don't want to talk specifically about how much we might have at any point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Mutascio of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: David, you had mentioned on the preferred offering, I really don't know what you can say about it, but that it could go to potentially redeeming trust preferreds. Can I look at that as a dollar-for-dollar transaction, that the preferreds we raised may be dollar for dollar with the TruPS that we may redeem?
David J. Turner: Again, I want to be careful how much I say. I think I pointed out that we have 2 issues, the $500 million at the 6 5/8, the $500 million at 6 5/8 and $345 million at 8 7/8. So it's $845 million in total, and we have not and don't want to discuss what we would be doing with each or any of those issues that are outstanding.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, I was trying to figure out if the potential benefit on the margin from the TruPs redemptions or possible TruPS redemption will be offset by the higher preferred dividend, but I guess we'll have to wait to see what type of preferred is offered.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you guys give us a little more color on the $300 million to $400 million of potentially new commercial real estate mortgages? I know you gave us some color, but are they primarily in Florida or are they in Georgia or are they hotel loans or investment-owned properties? Can you give us some background on them?
O. B. Grayson Hall: The $300 million to $400 million is what we are estimating that will migrate to a nonperforming status during the fourth quarter. That's our estimate of what we anticipate for the fourth quarter. And the mix of that migration, I think you could look at the mix that we're reporting today for the third quarter, and we think that, that mix stays fairly consistent throughout. And again, with the large percentage of that being in the investor commercial real estate space. Barb, would you like to add to that?
Barbara Godin: You're exactly right. What we are seeing is investor real estate is coming down, generally, each quarter in terms of the migration of that book continues to shrink. So the C&I book is staying relatively flat. We're seeing the consumer book staying relatively flat. And again, that's why we feel good about positioning that our potential problem loans for the quarter will be between $300 million and $400 million next quarter. The other comment I'd make is on the second quarter as well. Go back 1 quarter and look at the $315 million that did come in. I think we mentioned on that last investor call, everything that could've gone right during the quarter went right during the quarter. So everything we had hoped would move in the right direction did. And what we saw in the third quarter, obviously, it's more of a normalized quarter, where certain things didn't happen in the third quarter but will happen now in the fourth quarter.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Some of the banks, the OCC regulated banks, have had to set aside higher nonperforming assets and charge-offs for these Chapter 7 loans that they're referring to. I know you guys obviously didn't have to do that, but do you have an estimate that if the non-OCC banks are required to do this, what your number might be in terms of increase in nonperforming assets and net charge-offs due to the change by the regulators?
Barbara Godin: Gerard, we're currently looking at that right now, sizing it up. At this point, we don't see it as being a material number for us. Remember again that we have a very active consumer assistance program and that program has been in place for a while. And what we have done on that program is when a customer goes through that program, we typically charge the loan down to value at that time and put the loan on non-accrual and TDR if necessary. So again, we will be coming out in the fourth quarter with any numbers associated with the change to the guidance. But at this point, as I said, we don't see this being a material number.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then finally, your capital is obviously quite strong, especially under the Basel III NPR methodology that may be the final methodology. Last year, of course, in CCAR, you came out and repaid TARP. Should we expect that you would apply to return some capital to shareholders, whether in the form of an increased dividend or buybacks in this year's CCAR?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I think that you -- if you look at Basel III and where our numbers are at, those instruments are based on the composition of our balance sheet today, without us taking any actions in terms of business models and products that we offer. So I think that Basel III number obviously over time will be different as we change our business model to -- in reaction to Basel III, depending on how that is finalized. But I think as you look at our capital position, we continue to strengthen our capital position every quarter. We'll be submitting the 2013 CCAR stress test, if you will, here in not too many months away. And we have any number of items under consideration. But I think it'd be premature on this call to disclose our thoughts on that. But clearly, we're making a pre-assessment at this time on exactly what should be included in that submission. And given our capital position, we are going to be very thoughtful in that regard.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to circle back and, David, just get a little more precision around the credit card expenses and the unusual one-time impact in this quarter and how quick that could maybe run off. I wanted to make sure we're including both the marketing, as well as the conversion costs. If you look at the marketing number, it's up about $7 million this quarter; outside services is up about $5 million. Maybe there's some -- you were mentioning $8 million of conversion costs. Can you put all that together and then how quickly does that, whatever the number is, run down in the future?
David J. Turner: Yes, Marty. I think if you -- that was the message I was trying to send is if you take the $8 million out of the run rate in terms of being a one-timer, and I think you're going to get pretty close to what the run rate -- the remainder is on the run rate there.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And that'll roll off in the next quarter?
David J. Turner: That's correct. It won't to be there in the fourth quarter.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I was just curious, as we've talked earlier this year about the debt rating and going back to investment-grade and how that was going up again to help you attract some of your traditional customers back in on the deposit side. Have you begun to see some of that benefit? And is that what's spilling over even into the C&I loan growth that you're beginning to see now?
David J. Turner: Yes, Marty...
O. B. Grayson Hall: Let me. Clearly, Marty, we've seen benefit as our credit ratings have improved, in particular, on the commercial side of our business, on both loans and deposits, and quite frankly, on overall relationship and ability to attract and retain those relationships. And so overall, it's been a net positive. How you quantify that is somewhat elusive, but anecdotally, I think it's been a very positive story.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then, David, one last question. If you look at the loan yield compression, in kind of seems like you went from first quarter to second quarter, you got some of those payoffs and prepayments that helped keep the yield on loans higher. So if you kind of smooth between the first to the third quarter and then kind of look at where it started to decline back in the fourth quarter, your loan yields are going down 5 to 6 basis points per quarter. And then on the flip side, if you look at your deposit costs, they've been going down probably 4 to 5 basis points per quarter. So in a sense of kind of holding margin flat going forward, if you bring in some of the other kind of funding costs in programs that you're talking about, you're almost matching deposit costs and loan yield compression on a quarterly basis, except for just an anomaly that occurred last quarter?
David J. Turner: Yes, I think if you look at last quarter, we had mentioned we had on the loan side about 5 points in our loan yields that were due to the interest reversals that we spoke about earlier. So if you take our about 3.29% in that quarter and reduce that 5 points, you're at -- I'm sorry, 4.29%, and reduce that 5 points to 4.24%, you can kind of see that now, little smoother to the 4.18% that we have today. The mix of our loan portfolio is a big driver. We're encouraged, again, by our pipelines that we see. We're encouraged by, while about pricing is under pressure, we still see a favorable spread out there that we can get. Our credit ratings helping us to get into places that we hadn't before, helps. Looking at things like credit card, which obviously give you a better yield. And having that conversion done, we expect the opportunities to grow there. So there is going to be continued pressure on loan yields, but we think we can offset those with the improvement in deposit costs. You can run the numbers. Based on the $3 billion of deposits that are maturing in the fourth quarter, at 2.1%, is a pretty significant buffer to the headwind that we're facing on the low-rate environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: You mentioned in your monologue that there was some pricing competition increase, particularly on the middle-market side. Just wondering if you could give some color on what you're seeing in commercial loan pricing right now, up and down the spectrum.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, we've got -- we're using quite a bit of analytics on pricing. I would tell you that, in the upper end of the middle-market space, large commercial space, we've seen obviously increased competition, and you've probably seen pricing moderate over the last few quarters, but it's been fairly stable. I think that it's down a little bit from the peak of a few quarters ago, but certainly at or above historical trends on commercial/industrial lending. In investor commercial real estate space, spreads there are still much higher than historical averages. And so while there's a lot of competition and there is pricing pressure, we still see pricing holding up fairly well. As you get down into the business and community banking, the smaller credits, there's more pricing competition there. There's a few different players in that market, and we are seeing that part of the segment come under a little more pressure, and pricing has moderated lower, trended lower in the last couple of quarters in that particular part of the segment. Not a lot of demand in that segment and so a lot of competitors and few borrowers, so you're seeing a little more pressure there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Ketron of UBS.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You had mentioned, I think, on prior calls and prior guidance or outlooks that, in the longer term, normalized loan loss reserves maybe kind of settle in a 1.50% to 2% range and net charge-offs maybe somewhere around 75 basis points. In looking at the last couple of quarters, if you project out these loan loss reserve levels, you could be approaching that kind of 1.75% to 2% range, maybe in the middle of next year, realizing that the reserve releases will slow down. And if that -- one, I guess, the first question would be, in terms of the longer-term view of the reserve, the charge-offs assessed still intact. And then the second part would be, if that's the case, there's obviously some earnings that will need to be replaced. And maybe what are the things that you're looking at Regions in terms of the business strategy to try to fill that void that may be created by the provision expense going up?
David J. Turner: Yes, Greg, this is David. We do believe, based on what we know today, and obviously there's some accounting rules that are being proposed on the allowance, but let's use today's rules, we still believe in that 1.5% and 2% as a reasonable range. And I know that's kind of wide, but that's the best we can do at this juncture. We know where our charge-offs have been elevated. We said they would be elevated, but we have those reserved for. If you think about the 75 basis points of charge-offs, that's a through-the-cycle charge-off rate. That means you would expect that there are some periods of time where that's lower. And if you look at the type of credit that's going on the books today for us, it's pretty clean, it's pretty good, which is why our provision is where it is. The provision is taking care of the new stuff that we have or any diminution in the credit quality of what's on the books. And we're seeing that stabilize over the last several quarters, which is why we can provide where we are. The charge-offs are separate. And again, we already had those reserved for and, as they come through, we take care of them. So what you need to look at in terms of estimating provision is look at our credit quality, whether it be in terms of criticized and classifieds. I mentioned that in my prepared comments as being one of the best and first places one could look as to how your credit quality is trending. And criticized and classifieds continues to come down for us, which tells us what our -- informs us as to what our future provisioning and reserves will be. So don't put the 75 basis points in as the low watermark. That's a through-the-cycle number.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, very helpful. So really, as you look out and think about how things may evolve, and I know it's early, but think about charge-offs being potentially below that 75 basis point level longer term?
David J. Turner: At some point, you would expect that to be the case. To be able to articulate a 75 through the cycle, that means they have to be below that at some point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gaston Ceron of MorningStar Equity Research.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Yes, I just had a quick follow-up on that last question that -- a couple of minutes ago on the commercial loan space question. Indeed, it seems like you guys and other banks have seen -- have been seeing some nice growth in C&I. Again, following up on that last question, does it feel like, as things stand now in the competitive space, are the other banks in the space, do you think, are they -- as they chase the segment, are we at a stage where they're compromising loan quality for market share? Or would you say the competition is still pretty rational, if you will?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I would say that, from our perspective, we still see the competition as being very rational. Not that you don't get the anecdotal comment from time to time, but I would say that our general perspective is the competition is rational, but everybody's out looking for business. And so we run into competition in both customers' and prospects' offices, and we all are after -- after the business and competing for it. But we're not seeing -- we aren't seeing -- you aren't seeing a big change in underwriting structure. You are seeing competitive pricing. Clearly, pricing is part of the underwriting, but at this point in time, we just aren't seeing a lot of anomalies in that regard.
Operator: That concludes today's final question. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Hall for any closing remarks.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, just let me close and say thank you for your time and your interest in Regions Financial, and we look forward to meeting with you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations O. B. Grayson Hall - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer of Regions Bank, President of Regions Bank and Director of Regions Bank David J. Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of the Executive Council, President of Central Region, Chief Financial Officer of Regions Bank and Senior Executive Vice President of Regions Bank Barbara Godin - Chief Credit Officer, Executive Vice President and Head of Credit Operations - Regions Bank
Analysts: Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Rose - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome, to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Paula and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. List Underwood: Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation on our call this morning. Our presenters today are our President and Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner; and also here, and available to answer questions, are Matt Lusco, our Chief Risk Officer; and Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer. As part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. With that said, let me remind you that in this call, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are not based on historical information, but rather, are related to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. These statements are based on general assumptions and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the views, beliefs and projections expressed in such statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found on our forward-looking statement that is located in the Appendix of the presentation. With that covered, let me turn it over to Grayson Hall.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, List, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Regions and your participation in our second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Regions delivered another quarter of improved financial results, building on our momentum from earlier this year. In short, the company reported prudent and profitable growth, driven by solid business performance and we continue to see broad-based improvements in our asset quality. Second quarter pre-tax pre-provision income was $503 million, 15% higher than in the first quarter, and earnings from continuing operations were at an improved level of $0.20 per diluted share. As you're aware, earlier in the quarter we repaid the U.S. Treasury's preferred stock investment, and therefore, incurred accelerating accretion charges. Excluding these charges, and the final preferred stock dividends, earnings from continuing operations would have been $0.25 per diluted share. While our results reflect some encouraging and positive trends, the U.S. economy continues to improve on an uneven and slow pace. The economy continues to work through structural headwinds, including de-leveraging, high unemployment, a weak housing market and fiscal consolidation at the local, state and national levels. Within Regions' markets, job growth has been approximately on par with the U.S. as a whole. Importantly, with respect to housing, we are seeing modest and incremental improvements in most of our markets. In particular, the Florida metro markets. While housing remains soft in many markets, there are signs of recovery. We are pleased that we're able to deliver solid business results despite the challenging economic landscape. Looking at several important metrics, our second quarter results demonstrate that we are executing well against our business priorities. Despite the persistent challenge of a low interest rate environment, our margin expanded for the third consecutive quarter. The improvement largely reflects lower deposit cost, declines in nonaccrual balances and a reduction in excess cash reserves at the Federal Reserve. There's still an opportunity for further improvements in deposit cost which will largely support a stable margin, even if market interest rates remains at these levels. And while our long-term debt levels are low, relative to our peers, we continue to evaluate liability management opportunities. Although total outstanding loan balances were down less than 1%, total loan production increased a healthy 15% linked-quarter. We experienced improved growth in our commercial and industrial portfolios, which helped to offset the favorable decline in investor real estate portfolio. Our loan-to-deposit ratio remains conservative and provides considerable flexibility to continue to take advantage of profitable lending opportunities that will benefit future revenue growth. Our mortgage loan production and related fee income improved significantly this quarter, as customers continue to take advantage of historically low interest rates and HARP opportunities. We experienced growth in both refinancing and new home purchase. We continue to be disciplined and rigorous in our focus on improving operating efficiency. At the same time, we are continuing to invest in new technology and people where appropriate. In the second quarter, we began implementation of new technology in our banking offices that will enhance our cross-sell capabilities, streamline and enhance our customers' experience and reduce our overall operating expenses. We also posted another quarter of broad-based improvement in asset quality, exceeding our own internal expectations, confirming what we believe was a pivotal turn in the first quarter. Importantly, improving asset quality is enabling us to focus more of our resources and energy on executing strategies that profitably leverage our opportunity for revenue growth. With respect to capital, our improved ratios, bolstered by recent capital actions, position us well for the future. We're still reviewing the latest notices or polls [ph] we're making, regarding capital. We expect to be fully compliant well before the rules are officially phased in. The first half of 2012 has been transformational for Regions, and with several quarters of solid results and continued successful execution against our plans, we believe Regions is better positioned for ultimate out-performance. I'll now turn the call over to David Turner who will discuss second quarter financial details. Afterward, I'll come back and make a few closing comments. David?
David J. Turner: Thank you, Grayson, and good morning, everyone. I want to begin on Slide 3, with a quick snapshot of our second quarter 2012 financial results. We reported net income available to common shareholders of $284 million or $0.20 per diluted share. Income from discontinued operations totaled $4 million, primarily related to the gain on the Morgan Keegan sale. Early in the second quarter, we repaid the Series A preferred stock investment made by the U.S. Treasury. In conjunction with this repayment, earnings were impacted by the acceleration of the accretion of the discount. And along with preferred dividends, totaled $71 million or $0.05 per diluted share. Pre-tax pre-provision income from continuing operations, or PPI, was $503 million. Net interest income increased $11 million or 1% linked-quarter and the resulting net interest margin increased 7 basis points. Noninterest revenues decreased 3% on a linked-quarter basis, while noninterest expenses were down 8%. From a credit standpoint, net charge-offs were down 20% and the total loan loss provision declined 78%. Let us get into the details, starting with the balance sheet. Average loans for the second quarter were down $498 million or less than 1% linked-quarter. Despite a low interest rate environment, our loan yields remained steady. Balances were impacted by a decline of $664 million or 7% in the investor real estate portfolio. At quarter end, balances stood at $9.4 billion, down almost $4 billion from one year ago. This portfolio now comprises only 12% of our total loan portfolio compared to 17% a year ago. We expect this portfolio to continue to decline at a moderate pace over the next few quarters. Commercial and industrial loan demand remained healthy in the second quarter, driven by our specialized lending groups. On an ending basis, commercial industrial loans grew $892 million or 4% first to second quarter. The growth in this portfolio was aiding to offset the decline in the investor real estate portfolio. While growth was broad-based geographically, we experienced particularly strong growth in healthcare, asset-based lending and the real estate corporate banking division which provides refinancing. Pipelines remain solid and are slightly above the same level at this time last year, as our clients funded capital expenditures, working capital needs, and increasingly, M&A activity. Lien utilization on commercial industrial loans was up 130 basis points linked-quarter to just over 44%, and commitments have increased 11% over the last year. And moving on to consumer services, average mortgage balances declined 1% linked quarter, reflecting our continued strategy to sell fixed-rate conforming mortgages. The company also experienced additional loan declines in the home equity portfolio, as consumers continue to refinance and/or de-leverage. At the end of the second quarter, we started our rollout of our new credit card product line and an enhanced Relationship Rewards program. Additionally, we will convert these cards onto our system in the third quarter, which will allow us to better control the customer experience and should enable us to increase sales production going forward. Indirect auto continues to be an area of growth, as loan production in this portfolio increased 15% over last quarter, and average loan balances increased 6%. Notably, total consumer loan production totaled $2.8 billion in the second quarter, up 24% linked-quarter. Total loan balances for the remainder of the year are expected to remain relatively stable with second quarter's balances. Let's move on to deposits. As shown on Slide 5, deposit mix and cost continued to improve in the second quarter. Average loan cost deposits increased $1.7 billion from last quarter, and over $5 billion from one year ago. Average higher cost CDs declined almost $2 billion linked-quarter and $5.3 billion from last year. Total average deposits were relatively steady, linked-quarter, and year-over-year. Average time deposits fell to just 18% of total deposits, down from 23% a year ago, as a result of our continued success in growing low-cost deposits. This positive mix shift resulted in deposit cost declining to 32 basis points for the quarter, down 5 basis points for the first quarter and 21 basis points from one year ago. We expect to drive additional improvement in deposit cost. We have approximately $2.9 billion of CDs that are scheduled to mature in the third quarter, that carry an average interest rate of 1.2%, and an additional $3 billion at 2.1% that will mature in the fourth quarter. Now looking ahead to 2013, we currently have $6.5 billion of CDs that will mature. Of that, $4.6 billion mature in the first half with an average rate of 1.8%, and $1.9 billion in the second half, with an average rate of 0.8%. Now this compares to our current average going-on rates for new CDs of approximately 20 basis points. Our total funding cost improved 5 basis points, linked-quarter, to 60 basis points. And we will continue to evaluate the capital and liquidity benefits of our 2 outstanding trust preferred securities, as well as other liability management opportunities. Let's turn to net interest income on Slide 6. For the quarter, taxable equivalent net interest income was up $11 million or 1%. The resulting net interest margin was up 7 basis points to 3.16%. The net interest margin benefited from reductions in overall deposit cost, reduction in nonaccrual balances and a decline in low-yielding cash balances at the Federal Reserve. Last quarter, we deployed some of our excess cash into higher-yielding corporate and consumer mortgage-backed securities, thus decreasing the negative impact of the excess cash reserves by 5 basis points to 8 basis points in the second quarter. At the end of the quarter, cash at the Federal Reserve totaled approximately $1.8 billion, which is in line with our target operating level. The negative impact of non-accruals on the margin declined 3 basis points to 7 basis points in the second quarter. Now currently, our investment portfolio amounts to $27.2 billion or 25% of average earning assets. The future size of the investment portfolio will largely depend on the dynamics of the rest of the balance sheet. Loan demand remained somewhat soft relative to the availability of stable deposits, and we expect to continue to sell conforming mortgages to the agencies in favor of retaining that exposure within securities. In the latter half of the second quarter, long-term rates declined to record lows. And should rates persist at these levels, growing net interest income in 2012 will be challenging, as fixed rate securities and loans are prepaid, or mature, and are replaced by lower-yielding assets. However, as previously noted, the opportunity to continue to improve deposit cost will be an important factor supporting net interest income and the resulting net interest margin. Consequently, we do expect net interest income and the resulting net interest margin to remain at relatively stable levels. Let's turn to noninterest revenue on Slide 7. Second quarter noninterest revenues were down 3% linked-quarter. Mortgage banking revenue was particularly strong in the quarter, driven by new home purchases and refinance activity aided by the government's HARP 2 program, which is serving to increase refinance volume. Mortgage revenue was up $13 million or 17% over the first quarter. Mortgage loan production of $2.1 billion during the second quarter reflects an increase of 28% from $1.6 billion in the first quarter. While we estimate that HARP 2 will add over $1 billion to our full year 2012 mortgage refinance volume. As we evaluate the mortgage refinancing opportunities, we believe our capacity to handle refinancing activity more expeditiously is enabling us to take market share. In fact, almost half of our HARP 2 loan applications are new mortgage customers. Account service fees and charges were down $21 million linked-quarter, due to the establishment of a reserve for certain customer fee refunds resulting from a change in our non-sufficient funds policy. Excluding this item, total service charges would've been consistent with the first quarter. And moving to expenses on Slide 8. Noninterest expenses were down 8%, linked-quarter, and 12% year-over-year. During the quarter, credit-related expenses were down $31 million. Notably, other real estate expenses declined 57%, linked-quarter, and 73% year-over-year. Within held-for-sale, we incurred $26 million in net gains related to property sales. Also, staffing was down during the quarter. And over the past year, we have experienced a decline of 544 positions or 2%. Looking ahead, we expect overall 2012 expenses from continuing operations, excluding goodwill impairment, to be down from the 2011 level as a result of our continued, and disciplined focus, on cost control. Let's move to our credit metrics on Slide 9. For the second quarter in a row, we experienced broad-based asset quality improvement, with virtually all credit metrics improving. Net charge-offs were down significantly, resulting in a decline of $67 million linked-quarter or 52% year-over-year and exceeded the loan loss provision by $239 million. Inflows of nonperforming loans declined to $315 million or 17% from last quarter. This is down 81% from the peak, which was in the second quarter of 2010. Inflows have now reached what we would characterize as a normal range, somewhere between $250 million and $350 million. Nonperforming loans, excluding loans held for sale, decreased $236 million or 11% linked-quarter. This is the first time since the first quarter of 2009 that our nonperforming loans have been below $2 billion, which is down 48% from the peak in the first quarter of 2010. Total nonperforming assets declined $1.3 billion or 35% from the prior year. Much of this improvement was driven by resolutions rather than charge-offs, another favorable indicator of future trends. Notably, Business Services' criticized and classified loans continued to decline, with criticized loans down 9% or $543 million from the first quarter, and down $3.4 billion or 38% from the fourth quarter of 2009, which was the high point. As a reminder, criticized and classified loans are one of the best and earliest indicators of asset quality. Our coverage ratios remain strong. At quarter end, our allowance for loan and lease losses to nonperforming loans stood at 120% or 1.2x, up 2 basis points from last quarter. Meanwhile, our loan loss allowance to loans remained strong at 3.01% at the end of the second quarter. In light of the backdrop of an uneven and slow economic recovery, forecasting asset quality improvement with certainty is difficult. As Grayson previously noted, our improvement in asset quality exceeded our own internal expectations. And each quarter will have its own unique characteristics and some volatility should be expected. However, our credit quality indicators continue to be encouraging. Now, let's look at our capital liquidity on Slide 10. Early in the second quarter, we repaid the U.S. Treasury Department's $3.5 billion preferred stock investment. This transaction follows the completion of the sale of Morgan Keegan and a highly successful common equity offering. In connection with the repayment of Series A preferred stock, the company repurchased the outstanding warrant for $45 million. As a result of these capital actions and events, our estimated Tier 1 ratio at the end of the quarter stood at 11%, and our estimated Tier 1 common ratio increased 40 basis points to 10%. And we continue to review the capital NPRs that were published on June 7. The proposed minimum capital levels, and definitions of capital, are largely in line with Regions' expectations. However, we are working to understand all of the proposed changes to risk weightings and are collecting the data to quantify the impact. Based on our interpretation of the NPRs, we estimate our pro forma Basel III Tier 1 common ratio will be approximately 8%. The NPR comment period ends in early September, and changes could be made, and those changes could result in materially different capital ratios from what we have estimated. Liquidity at both the bank and the holding company remains solid, with a loan to deposit ratio of 80%. Lastly, based on our interpretation, we are well-positioned with respect to the liquidity coverage ratio. Overall, this quarter's results demonstrate the continued progress that we have made on several important fronts. Our operating results continue to improve, driven by solid business performance. We delivered another strong quarter of substantial improvements with respect asset quality, and we further strengthened our balance sheet from a capital standpoint. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Grayson for his closing comments.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Overall, this quarter's results really demonstrate the continued progress that we've made in entering the second half of 2012, with both positive and encouraging momentum. While there's still work to be done, we are successfully executing our business plans, making substantial progress in taking actions that positions us to maximize our opportunity for out-performance. We continue to make progress even in the face of challenging markets. In the second quarter, we completed the sale of Morgan Keegan, and as a result, we are a simpler organization focused on the fundamentals of serving our banking customers. We're now able to offer our Wealth Management customers segment enhanced banking, trust and investment products with outstanding customer service. On the Business Services and Consumer front, we have been taking steps that expand and enhance our product offerings, as well as simplify and improve the delivery of customer services, and the customer focus is central to our business model. Our associates are working hard to ensure Regions is providing competitive products and services to satisfy customers' individual needs. We have a competitive team that consistently provides award-winning customer service, which we believe is a differentiating factor in today's marketplace. With this in mind, we are continuing to manage efficiency and selectively add to our team. For example, recently hiring additional bankers for growing specialized industries. We continue to invest in people and technology to build the best foundation for delivery and execution of our business plans and to take advantage of opportunities present in our markets, and in this economy. Although economic growth is expected to remain modest over the balance of the year, Regions has levers in place to continue to strengthen our financial performance and deliver improved returns by shareholders. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just first on the Basel III NPR. I understand you are still reviewing it. Can you just give us a little more detail on some of the moving parts? And maybe you can talk about some of the areas that there could be further mitigation and how big those can be.
David J. Turner: Sure, Ryan. As I've mentioned -- this is David. The biggest change for us came in the form of risk-weighted asset changes. And more specifically, within that, those consumer products that are tied to real estate, in particular were our resi mortgage and our HELOC book. And I will caution this is still an NPR, there are changes that can be made and I'm sure will be made, that we need to incorporate. That being said, we will look at starting to analyze our business and changes that we need to think through, in terms of how that would impact going forward. Clearly, as is, you will be holding more capital for those 2 products that I just mentioned. And those, holding more capital clearly would have an impact in terms of the availability of that credit at the prices that we have today. And so we will look at restructuring those if we have to, to minimize the capital impact to us. I would also tell you that the changes in the risk weights don't take effect until 2015, as proposed. That, too, could change. But we have time to overcome and will modify our business, such that we have an appropriate amount of capital at the date that is implemented.
O. B. Grayson Hall: What's in line is, as we look at the NPR and we're studying this very carefully to make our comments and recommendations for change. When you look at our balance sheet, most material impact, as David said, is on the Consumer segment. And in particular, the real estate-related products. Obviously, as these rules are passed in the form they're in today, or in similar form, it will require some adjustments to our products and will also change somewhat in how we approach that market with those products. And so even though they won't be implemented until 2015, as it stands today, I do believe that the industry and ourselves in particular will start making business model adjustments as soon as we know what the definitive rules will be.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then, just on credit. It seems like the provision came in a lot lower than I think a lot of us expected. And with NPL migration now back in a more normal level, I recognized credit can be volatile from quarter-to-quarter. But is it your expectation that we could see the provision running at these levels for several quarters as the reserve begins to come down? It seems like you had some positive comments on housing and it seems like disposals of assets are coming in at better prices than I think we would have expected. So can you give us a little bit more color there on the provision and the reserve?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. I think, clearly, when you look at our credit metrics, we're continuing to see favorable trends. As a result of our conservative nature, we have clearly communicated that we think that recovery can be uneven. Although in the metrics, we continue to see our metrics perform really at levels better than we had internally forecasted. But we continue to see an improving landscape from a credit standpoint. We have seen some recent recovery in some of our markets that relate to housing. These have been modest recoveries, but been more widespread than we would have anticipated at this juncture. But I do think, that when you specifically look at our division, our charge-offs remain elevated above normal levels, although continue to improve. But when you look at the provision, that provision obviously will also normalize as our asset quality normalizes. And I'll ask Barb Godin to make a few comments, if you will, on the same subject.
Barbara Godin: Yes. If you look at the impact of our provision, really there's 3 factors: One is the reduction in our overall charge-offs that came down quarter-over-quarter; the second would be in the number of resolutions that we saw. And by that, I mean we had a number of payoffs. So substandard loans and even nonperforming loans, where the entire loan was paid-off, we were able to reduce or release the reserve on that, on those loans; and lastly, the mix shift, which is, as we're putting on much better quality loans, we need less reserve than those that we're taking off the back end. So all in, that led to just a $26 million provision. I would not call that a normalized provision level. Clearly, it's going to be somewhat above that. But again, it'll be in line with what happens with our charge-off.
O. B. Grayson Hall: And if you look at it, clearly, nonperforming loans were down quarter-over-quarter or 11%, about 48% from the peak. If you look at migration, and migration was down 17% quarter-over-quarter and 81% from the peak. So clearly, improving numbers from what we had seen historically. But if you will, the migration is starting to fall in what we'd categorized as normalized rate.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: The question on the deposit service charges. David, you were saying that if you take out the reserve that you put in place for the customer refund, but that would put you back in line with the first quarter. But typically first quarter is seasonally depressed and you would typically get about a $15 million to $20 million uptick. So would we still expect to see a level that would be higher than the first quarter level as we move into the third and fourth quarters?
David J. Turner: Yes. I think that what our guidance was there to try and give you information that would guide you for the rest of the year, that we felt would be fairly consistent with that first quarter number or the as-adjusted second quarter. Clearly, from deposit rate policy changes that we've made, there will be some impact going forward. It's in the $3 million to $5 million per quarter. Not a big number, but we expect that to be fairly consistent with what you see as-adjusted.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then on the net interest margin, 2 things: One is, we have the CD repricing that's coming through, especially in the fourth quarter. Should there be -- we had kind of been looking for a little bit of further improvement. We've got a little bit more this quarter than we expected, but maybe a basis point or 2 as you kind of went through the end of the year. The bias maybe why you're saying stable, still towards a little favorable move in that interest margin?
David J. Turner: Marty, I'll tell you that we did have a little bit of a more favorable move in the quarter due to our improving our credit metrics. So there are 2 or 3 points there, and we wanted to guide to the consistency or stability of the margin from where we are right this minute. Because of that, we'll see if things of that nature, the improvement in nonperformance continue in the third and fourth quarter. You're right to point out that our repricing in the second half is very strong from a deposit standpoint, but we also are looking at historically low 10-year and the reinvestment rates will serve to work against us. The question is, how long will this remain? And so we've been a little cautious and wanted to kind of guide towards the stability of where we are right now. And if it's higher than that, then that will be a plus.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Marty, we continue to see, and as we said earlier, our loan yields appear to be stable and we think that will continue. But we think there is also still room for improvement in the deposit cost or deposit pricing itself. The question we have, as David just said, is where do reinvestment rates go on our investment portfolio? But when we net all of that together, we still are indicating that we believe we will maintain a fairly stable margin.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: The last thing is, David, as you kind of move in the mix of deposits, is the CD runoff just customers taking their money and shifting it into the lower cost? So it's really a transfer of deposit balances or is it an influx of new balances into the lower-cost deposits and then exit of the CDs going to try to find higher yields someplace else? Or is it something that as soon as rates change, you'll see a kind of shift back to the CD level once you can get reasonable rates there?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Marty, what we're seeing is, is that when CDs renew, we're retaining about 70% of those CDs in the CD product. The other 30% of the CDs, some of that is migrating into other depository accounts or migrating outside our bank. But clearly, we've seen a strong improvement in our low-cost balances, deposit account balances. And believe a healthy portion of that money is being retained by the company. And I'll also point out that a lot of our liquidity and deposit accounts is with business customers, and we continue to see above-normal levels of liquidity in our business checking products.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Levin of Citigroup.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Some of your peers have suggested that over the last month or so customers are becoming a bit more reticent about investing in their businesses and borrowing, given all the macro uncertainty. Are you hearing that or detecting that from your customers?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I would say that the numbers don't appear to support that. When you look at our numbers, our sales pipeline still remains strong, still above this time last year. And if you look at our numbers in terms of growing our commercial industrial loans, we saw good growth in the second quarter. That being said, anecdotally, I would say you're correct. What we've heard from our customers, as we meet with them, is that risk appetite of our commercial customers has softened. I think we have some of the uncertainties here in the marketplace today, and all are well-described in the media each and every day. I think a number of our customers are taking a less aggressive risk appetite position. And anecdotally, we're hearing that. Numerically, it hasn't quite shown up in our business yet.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then also, one of your peers said last week that it's going to close up to 5% of its branches. As you think about navigating through this very challenging environment for banks, is closing branches -- is that on your radar screen?
O. B. Grayson Hall: We were fairly aggressive early on in branch consolidation and branch rationalization. If you recall, we closed over 46 branches in 2011. That's embedded in our expense run rate today. We have consolidated 7 branches in 2012. But I would tell you, in summary, when you look at it from the top of the bank, we were aggressive early in branch rationalization and took some pretty strong steps over the last 3 years. We believe, in large part, our branch franchise today is going to be fairly stable. We will make some moderate changes, but you shouldn't expect anything of a major level in that regard. It'll only be making moderate adjustments to our business model. That being said, we are seeing transaction volumes of monetary transactions in our branches decline, but we continue to see improvement in sales transactions. And we are trying to transition our offices with more focus on sales and meeting customers' needs and realizing that monetary transaction volumes will continue to slowly decline through that channel. We're investing an awful lot of money in our other channels. We're seeing some remarkable growth in our mobile channel. But also in our web-based product offerings. So we're trying to invest in those channels that the customers want most. But quite frankly, our branches continue to be one of our most effective sales channels that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jefferson Harralson of KBW.
Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I want to ask a question about normalizing expenses. The explicit credit-related expenses have come down all the way. We think about OREO expenses. But I guess can you kind of point us in the direction to think about the further benefit that can come in maybe in the personnel line or the other line as the credit-related expenses, the environmental expenses come out? Can you do it in number of employees or just type of business types of things that are going to naturally shrink down over time?
David J. Turner: Jeff, one of the things we try to guide to is looking at 2012 expectation over '11, which we are confident that we would have lower, and this is excluding last year's goodwill impairment, we'd be lower in 2012 than in '11. Now we clearly have improvement in our credit cost, our environmental-type expenses, which are OREO and held-for-sale expenses. And we reported the net gain that we had in held-for-sale. So you should expect some unevenness relative to that. As our nonperforming loans continue to come down, and a number of loans in our special asset group comes down, we certainly have cost saves that we get there. That being said, we also have an increasing compliance environment where we have to shift and hire people to cover the compliance cost. We have a new regulator in as well. And so, I think our best guidance right now is to stick with really kind of global year-over-year where we are. That being said, we focus on expenses intently and intense focus on expenses. We are down year-over-year about 544 positions. Salaries and benefits is our #1 expense line. We continue to watch that, we watch occupancy cost in our furniture and fixture expenses, the top 3, very closely. Where we have opportunities to tighten up, as credit improves for instance, we will take advantage of that.
O. B. Grayson Hall: And Jefferson, this is a topic that we spend an awful lot of time on. Clearly, as we're looking at what we believe our future earnings potential will be in a low-rate, slow-growth environment, we continue to believe that we have to have a very rigorous and disciplined approach to expense management. We're doing a number of things. There's a number of initiatives across the organization to improve efficiency. Part of that is people. Clearly, a big part of our expenses is in salaries. But we really are trying to focus on processes that we can change and improve that allow us to do things more effectively. We've got new technologies rolling out into our branch systems, that allow us to reduce a considerable amount of overhead expenses in our operating environment. We don't necessarily have a named program, like many of our peers do. But don't misinterpret that. We've got a very distinct and clear focus on trying to reduce our expense base. That being said, I would agree with David. Part of our expense savings are to fund headwinds that we're facing, as we're having to add stamping and adding technology to make sure that we are effectively managing all of our compliance risk, and so there are some offset to our savings.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If I could just follow-up on the service charge. Just to be clear, as we think about the back half of the year, we should look at the 1Q level, the $254 million, and that would include the $3 million to $5 million drag?
David J. Turner: That's right, Matt. We've kind of guided to roughly equal that. Maybe slightly up from there, but not a large change from that quarter.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And the change that you made, did that relate to the sort order, the highs to low [ph]?
O. B. Grayson Hall: No, Matt, what we've done is, really, we try to focus on our funds availability policy, as well as our non-sufficient funds policy to ensure that, one, it is in concert with our focus on service quality. And as we've looked at that, we continue to challenge ourselves every month as we analyze customer activity and customer responses to make sure we're taking the appropriate steps. This particular adjustment we made to our processes are not around sort sequence, but really around the way we handle customers who have come in and preestablished overdraft protection lines, and how we handle transactions that come in that exceed the capacity of those preestablished lines.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Then just separately, on the reduction to capital, the Basel III under the NPR. I don't know if you have a sense of how much of that 200 basis point reduction is from the undrawn lines. I guess I'm hearing from some folks that there's a lot of confidence in mitigating the impact of the undrawn home equity lines and commercial lines over time. I'm wondering if you have any of those numbers at this point.
David J. Turner: Matt, I don't have the precise numbers. I can tell you that the impact on unfunded commitments is going to impact some of our peers a lot more severely than us. And it has to do with the proportion of unfunded commitments that are 365 days, and shorter, versus longer. So there is an impact related to that, but it is not the major mover, the major one is related to our risk-weighted assets on resi mortgage and the HELOCs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just first starting out on NIM. I'm just wondering, if you think about this mathematically, where your loan yields are stable, your securities yield have some depression but there's actually very significant deposit repricing in the second half of this year. What's actually going to hold the NIM down, not allowed to go up? Is there any swap off we should think about or maybe any large changes in the securities and liquidity portfolio?
David J. Turner: No, Craig, the primary driver is just the reinvestment risk that we have in this low rate environment. Currently, we have about $500 million rolling off of our -- is cash roll-off of our investment portfolio and having to reinvest that as the lower yields continue to drag that down. So we don't have anything that really sticks out other than that. Again, we caution a little bit on the stability of the margin because we had about 3 points that we picked up in the quarter related to better-than-we-had-anticipated improvements on nonperforming loans. If we get that kind of improvement in the third, fourth quarter like we had then that 3 points would be there. But we're trying to guide to a little more stable -- stability there.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: David, your securities yield only declined by 3 bps in the second quarter. So it's actually much smaller than we thought. Any commentary there would be helpful. And then, do you expect a much sharper decline in the third quarter? And I wondered if you can share with us your new money yield for securities acquisitions.
David J. Turner: Yes, we didn't expect there to be some added pressure on the investment portfolio in the quarter. Our going-on yield, today for securities, is in that, right just below 2%, 1.70%, 1.75% for the mortgage-backed security products that we would be purchasing. So over time, you would see that that's going to put more pressure in the third and fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller of FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: On the securities portfolio, I mean, it looks like your duration is probably around 3 years, is that correct?
David J. Turner: A little shorter than that, it's closer to 2 years.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Closer to 2 years. And what type of -- because we've seen different companies have had different prepayment rate speeds across-the-board. What type of prepayments are you getting off that?
David J. Turner: About 20. In the 20 range.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And you're reinvesting I guess. You're reinvesting at the 2-year level or the 3-year level?
David J. Turner: Yes. Closer to the 3-year level, we'd be reinvesting.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: That's about like a 1.7%, 1.8% level?
David J. Turner: That's right. We said about 1.75%. Just...
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: 1.75%. Yes, okay. Just following up on the last question is, is that do you think your deposits can reprice down? You do have some room in deposits to offset that. So I'm guessing that, with rates where they are and you're guiding to stabilized NIM, that you're depending on the deposit rates to reprice along with this to offset that.
David J. Turner: Yes. We have a fairly significant amount of deposits repricing in the second half of the year and that's a big part of how we are confident in the stability of our net interest margin. And one other follow-up, in terms of the investment portfolio, we talked a couple of quarters ago about trying to invest in more corporate securities. We've kind of isolated about 10% of our portfolio in those type nonindustry mortgage-backs. And those are going on the books in the 3.25% range, which also will help stabilize a little bit of the investment yield. But our biggest benefit that we see in the back half is that deposit repricing on the CD book.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And along with corporate security, are you taking a look at munis? There are some banks that look at munis and increasing that portfolio also.
David J. Turner: No. We used to have roughly 5% to 7% of our investment portfolio in munis before we got into the economic environment we're in today. And so we divested all of those and we're a bit reluctant to go back into the muni market thus far.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala of Bank of America.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is a follow-up to Ryan's question on the provision. I recognize that this dollar run rate is going to be quite lumpy as you continue to work through the credits. But I was wondering if you could help us get a sense of -- as you look at your -- if the improve -- most of the improvement is behind you, and you look at where your loan book is today, what a normal charge-off rate would look like for Regions in 2 or 3 years, and how you look at a normal provisioning rate. Do we look at reserved loans? Do we look at reserved average loans?
Barbara Godin: Erika, it's Barb Godin. Relative to what we look at for a normalized loss rate, we would target somewhere around that 75 basis points of loss through a cycle, is what you can expect as we get down to that range. In terms of what our reserve would be, it's not going to be the same as what it was pre-crisis. I don't think that was horrible neither. And I think we're just going to have to hold our capital to somewhere between 150 and 200.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And David, I appreciate all the color on the margin, but can you give us a sense of what the loan yields would've been if you excluded the impact of the NPLs getting worked out of the balance sheet this quarter?
David J. Turner: Yes, it would've been about 3 basis points on the loan yields.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That was on the loan yield, not on the total margin?
David J. Turner: 3% or 4%. I mean those numbers can be fairly close. It's about 3%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rose of Raymond James.
Michael Rose - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered but I wanted to get a sense for where you stand in your mitigation efforts related to Durbin.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I'll just make a couple of comments. One is that we continue to look at our consumer business model and see where we can enhance our products, but also expand products. As you are aware, we entered the credit card business a little over a year ago. And we introduced a number of new products in that line in the last few weeks. So we tried to address our interchange revenue in terms of adding credit customers that will use the credit card for purchases. But we continue to push the debit card. We continue to see success in increasing the penetration of the debit card product into our checking account base. We obviously have seen the revenue on a per transaction basis decline there, but we're obviously trying to make up some of our loss through growth. I would tell you, we've introduced a number of new products in terms of prepaid cards, that we hope enhanced the view of that customer segment. And as you are well aware, we've continued to migrate our checking accounts from, really, the free-checking environment to one where accounts are fee-eligible. We continue to believe that we can mitigate the impact of Durbin over time. We will not completely mitigate it in '12, but we believe that we can mitigate it over time. And we continue to be positive about the progress we've made, thus far.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about your thought process around the potential redemption of your $840 million in TruPS? I know you mentioned that you are evaluating it, but if you can just give us more color around what you're looking at there and what the thought process is.
David J. Turner: Sure. We have 2 issues in that 8.45, there's a 3.45, there's price of debit, 8 7/8, and there's 500, that 6 5/8. The 6 5/8 clearly is business capital treatment as this other one. But we look at that as a reasonable long-term debt yield today. The other one, the 8 7/8 is one where we think we have opportunity to -- as we think about liability and capital strategies via NPR, that we could look at and perhaps call, given the regulatory event that occurred. So we're trying to lead it to -- as we are investigating that, we'll be putting together our thoughts on that and get back to the investors and analysts regarding that.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. And then secondly, around the reserve level. Could you talk about the pace in the expected decline in the reserve over from your current 3% of loans to that 1.50% to 2% that Barb had indicated?
David J. Turner: Yes. I think that clearly, the pace is what's harder to predict, given that we think clearly the economy's where it is there's going to be unevenness relative to charge-offs as we've indicated earlier on charge-offs are higher than where we want them to be. Although we have reserve for. The biggest determinant of how that 3% comes down closer to that 1.5% to 2% that Barb mentioned is going to be the level of charge-offs. As we continue to get clarity around that number, the pace of that change to get to the 1.5%, 2%, will become clearer.
O. B. Grayson Hall: As we've said earlier, we've looked at the migration of loans to nonperforming status. We were 3 15 this quarter, that exceeded our internal projections. It's actually less than our internal projections. The pace of economic improvement in the country really drives that. That really is an indication of the health of our customers. And we continue to ask ourselves that same question, it's a great question. It's what's the pace of that improvement going to be? We continue to believe it will be an uneven recovery. But we would love to see it faster, but predicting that pace of recovery is a very difficult thing to do at this juncture.
Barbara Godin: The only comment that I would add to that is, as we think about the third quarter and what we think might be a potential problem loan at this point. We would think somewhere in that $300 million to $400 million range in terms of migration to NPL.
O. B. Grayson Hall: And you'll see that range when we follow our queue. But we do believe that it will fall in that range of $300 million to $400 million.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: All right. Then lastly, just real quick. Around the securities portfolio, do you have what the premium amortization expense was for the second quarter? And then what your unamortized premium balance was as of June 30?
David J. Turner: We don't have that readily available, but we can get back with you on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Ketron of UBS.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of questions around the loan portfolio. You've had really good growth in commercial. Some of the consumer loan categories, we continue to run off in areas you had noted previously. Do you have a sense, to the degree you can control the runoff, when we may see the loan portfolio bottom out and you actually may start to see net growth come to the bottom line?
O. B. Grayson Hall: What you're seeing, the loan portfolio, this time is good growth in commercial industrial lending. We saw good growth in mortgage. We saw good growth in indirect auto. We did not -- when you look at the balance sheet, we've elected not to place any fixed rate product on the resi mortgage portfolio or to out that production on our balance sheet. And we've done that predominantly because of our cautiousness around the duration of that asset. How long it might be on the balance sheet given the low rate environment that we're in today. So the consumer portfolio continues to decline, predominantly because of that decision. I would say the equity portfolio continues to decline about $100 million a month. That's consumer de-leveraging. And we continue to see that de-leveraging. The ability for people to refinance continues, I think, to add to that issue. The good news we saw in our mortgage production is about 60% of our production was refinance and 40% was purchase. And so the purchase part of that activity really encourages us from first to second quarter. We saw not only refinancings go up, but purchases go up. So we have some strength, I think the housing market's starting to show. It's slow and incremental, but improvement, nonetheless. On the commercial side, I just think what you're seeing is that most of our activities in the higher end of commercial middle market, and the small business owner, the small commercial customer. It is still behaving an awful lot like a consumer, it is still de-leveraging. And I think, as we get more confidence in the economic outlook, you'll start to see that segment improve. What we had said earlier as we felt that our loans outstanding would, by the end of the year, would be approximately what they were at the beginning of this year. I would say we have less conviction in that today. Although we've seen our rate of decline slow, we've seen more production on commercial real estate than we saw this time last year, and we're seeing that commercial real estate portfolio still declining but at a slower pace. So we think we'll be close by the end of the year, but I think it's a great question.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And then one other question, your loan yields have held up very well, really going back over the last 5 quarters. And then it looks like some of it's a mix issue, you put more indirect into the portfolio. But is this something that you anticipate that you'll be able to maintain close to, despite the rate environment, as we look forward into later this year and maybe even into 2013?
David J. Turner: Okay, this is David. I think Erica's question was really trying to get there, too. So we had 3, call it maybe 4 points, related to loan yield that we had related to end of the performance of nonperforming loans this quarter, that hopefully, they'll repeat. But if they do, then that'll benefit our margin outside of what we're telling you. Persistently low rates from a loans standpoint, yes, we'll continue to have some pressure. But it's really the reinvestment risk on investment portfolio is probably the greatest impact to us from a NIM standpoint. We are trying to change our mix of our loan portfolio to more to the consumer side. I've mentioned in my prepared comments about the changes we were making to our credit card program that we purchased last year, about a year ago, that we'll be converting into our system in the third quarter, and we're rolling out new cards and Rewards program. The purpose of which is to control the customer experience and assist us in increasing our sales production with credit card. We think that also bolster -- to the extent that we can execute on that, bolster our loan yields.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of quick follow-ups. One is on the interest rate outlook, there's some debate as to whether or not the Feds going to keep the paying rates on reserves. Obviously, the EU stopped doing that. What is your kind of game plan for if that were to happen here?
David J. Turner: Well, I think to the extent that we're not getting 25 basis points anymore, everybody will move to going back to what we used to do. It'll be more credit risk in the system as we go overnight, with other counter-parties probably be compensated some for it. Front-loaded compensation will offset the risk relative to having a 25 basis points with the Fed. But today, we've got net amount that we have on deposit with the Fed down to about $1.8 billion. It's about the level where we want to be, maybe in the $2 billion range, and we'll see if that movement is going to happen. I'm not sure what the odds are on that right now.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So it would be partial mix into more loans to the degree you could and then offset whatever you couldn't do there, you'd be doing with other financial institutions.
David J. Turner: That's right.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just second quickie is on HARP 2. You mentioned that $1 billion in mortgage fees you're expecting in 2012 due to HARP 2. How much of that have you seen already in 1Q, 2Q?
David J. Turner: That was mortgage production of $1 billion.
O. B. Grayson Hall: If you recall, we did about $1.6 billion in total mortgage production in the first quarter and $2.1 billion in the second quarter. The HARP 2 production is running about 24% of total production. And that's up significantly from first quarter. But we're pretty steady. Right now, about $700 million originations a month. We don't see that increasing a lot from this point. But we think, right now, looking at our application pipelines, that at least for the third quarter, that looks very sustainable.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So at least sustainable is what you're guiding to?
O. B. Grayson Hall: That's right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fitzsimmons of Sandler O'Neill.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just a quick question, I think this is still a ways out. But as far as the CCAR process for 2013, when you all start to put your plan together in the fourth quarter, I know there's a lot of uncertainty regarding risk weightings as far as Basel III. But what's your appetite and priority in terms of raising the dividends, about doing buybacks and is the trust preferred redemption you mentioned earlier -- is that part of the plan that was already put through the regulators or is that something that you have to include in your 2013 submission?
David J. Turner: Well, let me talk about kind of our capital plan and kind of stay away from the regulators. From a capital plan standpoint, we will continue to evaluate all capital actions. You asked specifically about returning capital to shareholders. The way we view that is we generated the capital and raised the capital, so we think our shareholders expect that we redeploy that in our business, to grow our business, to invest where we can get the best risk-adjusted return back to the shareholders. And so that's our first priority. To the extent that growth is not there, acquiring product lines, entities, those kinds of things would be what we would go to second. And then to the extent we have capital and expect to generate capital, returning it to the shareholders in the form of increased dividends and stock buybacks. That being said, we do acknowledge that our dividend payout ratio is below our peers to date. Now we just repaid TARP and so expectations were that we would put together a capital plan that would include an appropriate use of that capital, and we will submit that in January. The trust preferred, clearly the NPR, provides an opportunity for the regulatory call on the trust preferreds. And as we're trying to guide through our prepared comments on liquidity and capital strategies, that we would seek to do something, not only the trust preferred but other subordinated debt instruments as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gaston Serendah of MorningStar Equity.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I just had a quick question on following up on economic conditions. I know you gentlemen spoke a little bit about this already, but I'm wondering if you can just give us some color on some of your key markets, especially Florida. There's been some reports of the housing situation kind of improving there, but things still seem a little mixed and unsettled. Just kind of wondering what you're seeing on the ground or in Florida in all the key markets.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. I mean, I think, obviously when you look across the 16 states we operate in, there are some mixed metrics around housing. But generally, what we've seen is some pretty steady improvement, although incremental, in most of our markets. I would tell you that, generally speaking, inventory levels are down. And in some markets, inventory levels are down at levels we haven't seen in a number of years. In Florida, in particular, I would say most of the strength we've seen have been in metro markets. And in particular, we've seen the condominium segment improve faster than we had earlier forecasted. We're seeing some strength in our business in Florida, that have been exceeding our internal forecast. And we think that while Florida was probably one of the harder hit markets we've seen from a housing standpoint, and it's going to take some time for recovery, that we continue to be encouraged by some of the signs. When you look at our mortgage production, there's an awful lot more home purchase in Florida. And in the other markets, use of refinance is not an option for a lot of homeowners in Florida, but you are seeing home purchase there. And so, I would say the strength is, at this point in time, seems predominantly located in the metro markets. Barb, would you like to...
Barbara Godin: Miami, as an example, seems to have rebounded clearly in terms of pricing. We're seeing increases in the Panhandle area in Florida and we're even seen increases now starting to happen in places like Ft. Myers. So clearly, we're seeing that the bottom has been hit, generally, across most of the markets in Florida, and is on the way up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: The 2 questions. First of all, David, following your earlier comments about other liabilities, and with deposits down at period end, you had some redemptions this quarter, of some debt. I'm just wondering, with the kind of flat loan growth, underneath that, are we still just going to see assets continue to shrink? And at what point do you think the earning asset base will stabilize?
David J. Turner: Well, we were trying to guide to, in particular within earning assets, the loan portfolio being stable from here on out. So we think we've had good growth, we've shown you, in C&I. The decline in the investor real estate portfolio slowed almost $500 million this quarter. And we see that continuing to attract some, but not as rapidly as we have had. But we'll be de-leveraging on the consumer side, and we aren't changing our resi mortgage strategy. So we think we can have stability there related to our earning assets, in particular, our construct of our loans.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I was getting more at the total balance sheet size, right? Because the right side of the balance sheet continues to shrink. So if loans are flat, and you're happy with where your cash deposits are now with the Fed, it kind of implies that you'll be just shrinking the investment portfolio. I just wanted to make sure that I was not misunderstanding that.
David J. Turner: Yes. From a deposit side, we did have declines and our average deposits were flat, but they down due to the repricing. We think we can hold where we are with earning assets to be fairly, fairly stable from here on out.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And my second question just relates to salaries and you mentioned that you had a 500-person decline in headcount year-over-year, but the salaries line was still up 8% on relatively flat revenue. So I was just wondering if there's some moving parts inside the salaries line and what we could expect from that going forward.
David J. Turner: As we mentioned earlier, we continue to watch salaries and benefits expense. We did have our merit increases actually took effect at the beginning of the quarter. And that's probably the single biggest item. The other is pension expense continues to be higher as a result of this extraordinarily low interest rate environment. So we'll see those 2 things impact us. But we've continue to look at headcount and that's really, from a cost control standpoint, our primary lever.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: The question I had was coming back to your comments about the new charge-off ratio through a full cycle of being about 75 basis points. Since your net charge-off ratio was north of 300 basis points in 2010, does that imply that we should see a net charge-off ratio, then, in the good years, that might be coming up in '14, '15 in the 30 to 40 basis point range?
Barbara Godin: Well, it's going to move around a bit. As you can imagine we're going to try to keep the volatility as down as we can, as well as we can. But clearly, if you're going to have 75 basis points through a cycle, you're going to have some years that are below 75 and other years that are above 75. But I wouldn't want to give you a kind of a range right now.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. On the total classified and special mention loans that you guys reported this quarter, at $5.4 billion, is that considered a normalized level or is there still improvement here as well? I know your nonperforming assets will likely continue to improve as we go forward. But how about the classified and special mention?
Barbara Godin: Yes. We should continue to see those come down. If you look at the 90-day past due levels, while they were up in Business Services by $34 million this quarter, that was 1 account got cleared in the last couple of weeks just didn't make quarter end. Consumer was down, we anticipate that those levels will continue to move in the right direction. Our 30- to 59-day delinquency levels as well, relative down to the quarter. And again, depending on what happens in the economy, we're at a track to the economy. But those are my very early indicators of what I would expect to see in special mention, in classified and criticized.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Should we think of a more normalized number instead of the 11.7% that you reported here? Is it something after that or 6% or 7%, is that considered to be more of a normal number that you've seen in a normal economy?
Barbara Godin: Yes. I'd hate to point to a specific number, because we don't track it the way you're talking of the 11%. As if we're looking at my criticized loans and my criticized loans are not at that level, they're at 8.49% for criticized, which includes the classified loans. And that includes my special mention. So my 8.49% includes my special mention.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And during a normal environment, is 8.49% normal or is it somewhere closer maybe to 5% or 6%?
Barbara Godin: Right now, it's clearly, it's elevated. And yes, it would be somewhat reduced. I'd give you a range, probably a 5% to 7%.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then in all the nonperforming assets results that you reported this quarter. Do these results reflect the Shared National Credit exam where you may have participated as a H&O lead or a participant?
Barbara Godin: Yes, they do.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then, one final question. On the loan pricing for loans, the CNI loans in particular, the Federal Reserve data is indicating that it seems like pricing is holding up. Are you guys sensing that? That, yes, it is competitive but there isn't really any slash and burning pricing going on or is there really that type of pricing going on?
O. B. Grayson Hall: No. I think what we've seen is, clearly, there's pretty intense competition for loans, obviously, in this environment. We saw some pricing compression early on, that I think part of that was because pricing would hit -- the spread, it really expanded during the recessionary period. And we saw some compression. But still, pricing is holding up above pre-recession levels. But it seems to be steady at the moment. And I'm not saying there isn't the odd transaction here and there where one gets priced at a level we don't understand. But I would say that is infrequent. The norm seems to be fairly stable.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I know this may sound too optimistic, but with all the new challenges that the industry is confronting particularly with the higher regulatory costs and certainly efficiency ratios for most banks are elevated, do you think more rational pricing could enter the picture where it doesn't get so cutthroat and people realize that they can't cut prices because expenses are just going to be permanently higher as we go forward?
O. B. Grayson Hall: A couple of things. I think one, as this environment extends for long period of time there's going to be some rationalization on the part of competition. There has to be. There can be some irrational behavior on the short term. But on the long-term, it has to rationalize. I think the other issue too is the Basel III rules coming out. Obviously, there's going to be the entire industry stands to revisit our pricing models with those capital allocations and certainly will alter pricing in a number of different lending products.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Matt Purnell of Wells Fargo.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Quick question on your deposit, your expectations for deposit growth. I'm just curious, how you're thinking about the potential for the guarantee of non-interest-bearing deposits going away at the start of the year, relative to your debt ratings. I know you've had an upgrade from S&P in March, but just curious as to how you're thinking about what your trends in deposits might be at the start of the year?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. I mean, we continue -- we continue to deliver a considerable improvement in our deposit cost without demonstrating much of a decline in our outstanding deposits. And in fact, other than the time deposit segment of our deposit portfolio, we continue to grow that segment. We've gone through quite extensive analysis of the deposit guarantee program. We believe that would have a fairly nominal impact on our deposit base. We know which customers we work with our customers closely that might be an issue with. But I think given the capital levels of the industry and where we're at today, but that's not as material an issue as it was a couple of years ago. And so, we don't anticipate that being an issue for us at this juncture. We do not know how to handicap that event and would not speculate on that.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Grayson, you mentioned that anecdotally in some of your conversations with clients that clients are getting a bit more risk-averse given the headlines that we're all reading every day. I'm curious as to, if you combine that with your comments about the potential for pricing on loans going up post-Basel III, do you get the sense that your clients understand that that industry-wide pricing is very likely to change in the relatively near term? For commitments and other types of commercial loans?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I do not think that the anecdotal information we're hearing as a result of perceived pricing issues going forward at all. I think the average customer is seeing such a healthy level of competition between financial institutions at this juncture I think most of our customers continue to believe that they're going to have a fairly robust level of competitors competing for their business and pricing would be fair. I think most of the risk aversion is really over economic uncertainty as opposed to any sort of implications from capital requirements.
Operator: Thank you. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Hall for any closing remarks.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Listen, we appreciate again, everyone's participation today and your interest. We had some great questions, and we thank you for that. But without any further conversation, we'll stand adjourned. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations O. B. Grayson Hall - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer of Regions Bank, President of Regions Bank and Director of Regions Bank David J. Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of the Executive Council, President of Central Region, Chief Financial Officer of Regions Bank and Senior Executive Vice President of Regions Bank Barbara Godin - Chief Credit Officer, Executive Vice President and Head of Credit Operations - Regions Bank
Analysts: Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Erika Penala Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Nicole, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. List Underwood: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation on the call this morning. Our presenters today are our President and Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner. And also with us and available to answer questions are Matt Lusco, our Chief Risk Officer; and Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer. As part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section at Regions.com. With that said, let me remind you that in this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are not based on historical information but rather are related to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Those statements are based on general assumptions and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the views, beliefs and projections expressed in such statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found on our forward-looking statement that is located in the appendix of the presentation. Let me now turn it over to Grayson.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Good morning, and thank you all for participating in Regions' First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Simply put, this has been a quarter of significant accomplishment. In fact, I would characterize it as a pivotal quarter, with Regions now fundamentally stronger, strategically focused and well positioned to grow our franchise profitably. We certainly still have plenty of work left to fully accomplish our goals, but the past quarter's results position Regions well. Let's look at the key milestones that have occurred over the past few months. We successfully completed an approximate $900 million public offering of common stock. The overnight offering was significantly oversubscribed and priced at a premium from the previous day's close. Our equity rates, following the results of the Federal Reserve's large bank capital analysis review, there were no objections to our plan, demonstrating what we believe is the strength of our capital planning process.  Subsequently, a major credit rating agency upgraded Regions, restoring us to investment grade status and attributing the upgrade to improving profitability, rise of asset quality and capital trends. Also, we completed the sale of Morgan Keegan, which closed on April 2, reducing our overall risk profile and improving liquidity and capital.  And finally, on April 4, we redeemed the entire $3.5 billion of Series A preferred stock issued in the U.S. Treasury. On an ongoing basis, the redemption eliminates the payment of preferred dividends, as well as the amortization of the discount, which cost us in total $214 million or $0.17 per share in 2011. In addition to these important milestones, we also achieved broad-based asset quality improvement, providing strong evidence that we are at a long-awaited inflection point in overall credit quality trends. Plus, we continue to demonstrate disciplined progress in improving customer service quality in all of our business locations. Further, Regions' first quarter earnings from continuing operations were a solid $0.14 per diluted share and despite seasonal factors and legislative headwinds, adjusted pretax, pre-provisioned income approximated $419 million, a level that we believe will mark 2012's quarterly low point. We're off to a very good start in 2012 and given our recent capital accomplishments, as well as the ongoing successful execution of our business plans, Regions' outlook for the full year is encouraging. There's no question that the first few months of the year has been busy and eventful for Regions. We have accomplished a great deal and all these actions served to enhance our overall risk profile and allows us to focus on core fundamentals. As a result, we're a fundamentally stronger company that has encouraging momentum.  Let me turn the call over to David who will provide first quarter's financial details. After which, I'll return for some closing comments before opening the call up for questions. David?
David J. Turner: Thank you, Grayson, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 3 with a quick snapshot of our first quarter 2012 financial results. We reported net income available to common shareholders of $145 million or $0.11 per diluted share, and income from continuing operations totaled $185 million or $0.14 per diluted share. A net loss from discontinued operations of $40 million or $0.03 per diluted share is attributable to an increase in professional and legal fees. Pretax Pre-provision Income, or PPI, was $438 million as reported. Net interest income declined linked quarter. However, net interest margin increased 1 basis point to 3.09%. Non-Interest Revenues increased 3% on a linked quarter basis and Non-Interest Expenses, excluding fourth quarter's goodwill impairment, were up 5%. From a credit standpoint, Net Charge-Offs were down 23% and the Loan Loss Provision declined 60% from the previous quarter. As you could see, our first quarter results from continuing operations were solid, reflecting core business strengths and a marked reduction in credit costs. We do expect this quarter to be the low point for PPI. Unless I note otherwise, my comments will focus on results from continuing operations, excluding goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter of last year, as we believe this provides a clearer picture of fundamental trends. Let me start with asset quality on Slide 4. In the first quarter, we experienced broad-based asset quality improvement. Virtually all credit metrics improved during the period and most should continue to do so throughout the year. Notably, first quarter's Loan Loss Provision was the lowest in more than 4 years. Net Charge-Offs were down significantly, resulting in a decline of $98 million or 23% linked quarter and exceeded the Loan Loss Provision by $215 million. Inflows of Non-Performing Loans declined to $381 million, or 32%, from the fourth quarter's $561 million. Non-Performing Loans, excluding loans held for sale, decreased $221 million or 9% linked quarter and $936 million or 30% year-over-year. Total Non-Performing Assets declined $1.3 billion or 33% from prior year. Also, it's important to note that nearly half of all Business Services' gross nonperforming loans were current and paying as agreed at the end of the quarter. This is up 11 percentage points from a year ago. Notably, Business Services' criticized and classified loans continued to decline, with criticized loans down 6% or $391 million from the fourth quarter and down $3.2 billion or 35% from 1 year ago. As a reminder, criticized and classified loans are one of the best and earliest indicators of credit quality. Our allowance coverage ratios remain strong. At quarter end, our allowance for loan and lease losses to Non-Performing Loans stood at 118%, up 15 basis points from last year. Meanwhile, our loan loss allowance to loan ratio remains strong at 3.3% at the end of the first quarter. Bottom line, we continue to make significant progress on asset quality and from almost every metric observed, you will find improved credit quality at Regions. However, each quarter has its own unique characteristics and some volatility should be expected going forward due to the uneven nature of the economic recovery. Now let's look at our balance sheet trends starting with loans on Slide 5. Ending loans for the first quarter were down $874 million or 1% linked quarter and the loan yield decreased 6 basis points to 4.29%. But this decrease in yield primarily reflects the impact of previously terminated balance sheet hedges. Ending earning assets, however, increased 2% linked quarter attributable to growth in the investment portfolio, which I will discuss in a moment. Investor real estate balances reflect a favorable decline of 6%. At quarter end, balances stood at $10.1 billion, which is down $4.7 billion from 1 year ago. This portfolio now comprises 13% of our total loan portfolio, down from 18% a year ago. We expect this portfolio to continue to decline at a more moderate pace. Mortgage balances declined 1% linked quarter, reflecting our continued strategy to sell fixed-rate conforming mortgages. The company also experienced additional loan declines in the home equity portfolios as consumers continue to refinance and or deleverage.  Regarding the credit card portfolio, balances were down slightly on a linked quarter basis. However, we do expect growth later this year once we assume servicing of the portfolio and control the customer experience. Commercial and industrial loan demand remained healthy in the first quarter, driven by our specialized lending groups. On an ending basis, loans grew $576 million or 2% for the first quarter. While growth was broad-based geographically, we experienced particularly strong growth in Southwest Texas in the energy industry, as well as Central and West Tennessee in the health care industry. Pipelines have also picked up as customers continue to make capital expenditures and to some extent, build working capital. Line utilization on commercial and industrial loans was up 45 basis points linked quarter. Indirect auto continues to be an area of growth, as loans increased 5% linked quarter and we now have almost 1,500 dealers in our network. Total consumer loan production totaled $2.3 billion in the first quarter. We have been disciplined and judicious with respect to capital deployment. As a result of our capital actions and credit ratings upgrade, we are in a better position for our balance sheet to work harder for us in the future. Loan balances should end the year relatively stable compared to the beginning of the year, as loan growth in C&I and non-real-estate consumers should offset more modest declines in investor real estate. On the liability side of the balance sheet, as shown on Slide 6, deposit mix and costs continued to improve in the first quarter. Average deposits were up 1% linked quarter, driven by a $1.6 billion increase in low-cost deposits, partially offset by a $721 million decline in CDs. Given our continued success in growing low-cost deposits, average time deposits fell to 20% of average outstanding deposits, down from 24% a year ago. This positive mix shift resulted in deposit cost declining to 37 basis points for the quarter, down 3 basis points from fourth quarter and 22 basis points from 1 year ago. On a related note, our total funding costs improved 3 basis points linked quarter to 65 basis points. However, we expect to be able to drive additional improvement in deposit cost. We have approximately $4 billion of CDs that are scheduled to mature in the second quarter that carry an average interest rate of 1.1%. There's an additional $5.2 billion at 1.9% that will mature in the second half of the year. This compares to our current average going-on rates for new CDs approximating 25 to 30 basis points. Now let's turn to net interest income on Slide 7. Seasonal factors, including day count, along with the residual effect from previously-terminated derivatives reduced net interest income on a linked quarter basis. For the quarter, taxable equivalent net interest income was down $22 million or 3%. However, the resulting net interest margin was up 1 basis point to 3.09%, which was impacted by declining deposit costs, gains on previously-terminated balance sheet hedges and a decline in the low-yielding cash reserves at the Federal Reserve.  We are optimistic about the course of net interest income and net interest margin over the balance of the year. As always, the course will depend on the trajectory of interest rates and prepayment levels, particularly in the investment portfolio. In order to utilize a portion of our excess liquidity, we purchased approximately $3 billion of investment securities during the first quarter, almost $2 billion in agency-guaranteed securities and $1 billion of corporate bonds. We are focused on ensuring that we can retain flexibility to adjust the size of the investment portfolio in all rate environments if more attractive loan opportunities arise. We believe these investments will increase the aggregate earnings of the portfolio, and also protect the investment portfolio from the negative impact of higher interest rates. Consequently, in the first quarter, the remaining excess cash reserves negatively impacted the margin 13 basis points, an improvement from fourth quarter's 14 basis points. In addition, the impact of non-accruals on the margins declined 3 basis points to 10 basis points in the first quarter. Let's turn to Non-Interest Revenues on Slide 8. First quarter Non-Interest Revenues were up 3% linked quarter. As expected, service charges declined modestly by 3% or $9 million linked quarter despite the negative impact of Regulation E and debit interchange legislation. These results demonstrate our ability to quickly adapt our business model. We've been able to successfully mitigate these hurdles by generating new revenue streams and through the ongoing product restructuring of deposit accounts. As a result of these changes, we expect to completely mitigate this legislative impact over time. Mortgage banking revenue was particularly strong in the quarter, aided by the government's HARP 2 program, which is serving to increase refinanced volume. Revenues were up $20 million or 35% over fourth quarter. We estimate HARP 2 will add over $1 billion to our full year 2012 mortgage refinance volume. As we evaluate the mortgage refinancing opportunities, we believe our capacity to handle refinancing activity more expeditiously is enabling us to take market share. We anticipate that mortgage revenue will continue to benefit from HARP 2 in the near term, but will moderate over the latter part of the year. Moving onto expenses on Slide 9. Non-interest expenses were up 5% linked quarter. However, expenses were down 2% year-over-year. During the first quarter, we experienced a seasonal increase in expenses primarily related to an increase of payroll taxes, as well as an annual subsidiary dividend of $13 million.  In addition, we experienced an increase in pension and 401-K related expenses. This increase was offset by a reduction in certain credit-related expenses, in particular, other real estate and held for sale expenses. Combined, these expenses improved $19 million or 56% linked quarter and this is an area where we are making clear progress. We also reduced headcount during the quarter. And over the past year, we've experienced a decline of 737 positions or 3%. As we have noted before, we will continue to seek expense savings without compromising prudent investment opportunities or sacrificing the high service levels our customers have come to expect and deserve at Regions. In fact, this quarter, we are rolling out new technology to our teller platform that will leverage image technology to support a streamlined process for associates and customers. This will also enhance our cross-sell abilities and allow tellers to interact with customers in a way they were not able to before. We continue to focus on process improvement, technology investments and improving operating efficiencies. Looking ahead, we expect overall 2012 expenses from continuing operations, and excluding goodwill impairment, to be slightly down from the 2011 level, as a result of our continued and disciplined focus on expenses. Turning now to our strong capital and solid liquidity on Slide 10. As a result of our capital actions and events this past quarter, our Tier 1 ratio at the end of the quarter stood at 14.3% and our Tier 1 common ratio increased by 110 basis points to 9.6%. Adjusted to exclude the government's preferred investment, the Tier 1 ratio was 10.6%. At quarter's end, our pro forma Basel III Tier 1 common and Tier 1 ratios were 8.9% and 12.5%, respectively, and are above the proposed policy minimums. As a quick reminder, as a result of the Series A Preferred Stock repayment earlier this month, Regions' second quarter net income available to common shareholders will be impacted by the acceleration of the accretion of the discount associated with the repurchased shares. The charge associated with the accretion is expected to be approximately $70 million. Liquidity at both the bank and the holding company remains solid with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 79% and cash held at the Federal Reserve totaled approximately $5.2 billion at quarter end. Lastly, based on our interpretation, our liquidity coverage ratio is above the 100% Basel III requirement. Overall, this quarter's results show the significant accomplishments that we've made on several important fronts. We have substantially enhanced our asset quality. We have proven that our core business performance is sound and we further strengthened our balance sheet from a liquidity and capital standpoint. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Grayson for his closing remarks.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, David. And let me close just by quickly recapping the notable accomplishments in the past few months. We are pleased that a number of significant events are now largely behind us. We have raised capital, selling $900 million of new common stock. We have completed the sale of Morgan Keegan. We have repaid the government's preferred investment. We have made significant strides in addressing our asset quality issues as confirmed by the notable improvement in asset quality metrics. And we continue to deliver excellent customer service while investing in new technology and process improvements. As a result of these actions, we can now focus more of our resources on fundamentals and on executing our business plans and growing our franchise. I am proud of the progress we've made and I believe the second quarter of 2012 marks the start of a new chapter for Regions. We look forward to a shift in focus where the emphasis will be on profitable and prudent growth. I am confident that we have the right business plans in place and the talent to execute successfully. I'm also increasingly optimistic about the opportunities ahead, even in what we assume to be a relatively slow growth 2012 economy. We are committed to taking advantage of these opportunities and deliver improved, high-quality results to our stakeholders. Operator, we're now ready to take questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Jefferson Harralson of KBW.
Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Can we talk about the ability possibly to be -- to have a 1% ROA? You guys have always had a 1% ROA in the past. But you have a balance sheet that's $19 billion smaller than peak, you got $21 billion less loans than peak. Can you get to a 1.0% ROA on this size balance sheet with this expense run rate?
David J. Turner: Jefferson, what we've kind of guided to is that over time, we believe we can be in that 1% to 1.2% ROA. The question is timing. And clearly, as the economy improves, our ability to attain that level is more achievable. We are continuing to look at credit. We had substantial improvements in credit. But that's going to be uneven. And so, we need to continue to focus on credit, as well as having our balance sheet work harder for us now that we've received our ratings upgrade and we're outside of TARP. So we'll start working towards that range of ROA that I mentioned. It's just timing.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Because Jefferson, as you look at it, we've been in a very defensive posture over the last few quarters from a capital and liquidity perspective, and we do believe we are at the point that we can move a little more off of defense, onto offense in terms of prudently generating new business. We do see the opportunity starting to increase for us in our markets. Obviously, our strengthening position will help us from a competitive perspective.
Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And my follow-up, David, you mentioned you're optimistic about spread income and margin. Does that mean that you think that most likely, they'll both move higher from here throughout the year?
David J. Turner: Well, we do believe that because of our deposit repricing opportunities that I mentioned, that our margin will -- you'll see improvement in our margin throughout the year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just one follow-up on the non-interest income. It seems like the securities that you added were done towards the latter part of the quarter. So I'm just wondering what the full run rate benefit of that would be as you think about 2Q and beyond.
David J. Turner: Matt, we really haven't given guidance quarter-to-quarter. What we said is we expect that, if you look at the year, that -- it goes back to Jefferson's question really, that we expect our NII and margin to be improved over where we were in 2011, so that's back-end loaded. And it's back-end loaded primarily because of the deposit cost, but also, to the point that you brought up -- getting the balance sheet working harder for us, really didn't begin in earnest until receiving the ratings upgrade and having the TARP repayments. So you saw a little bit of that movement in the repositioning of the investment portfolio. So it will take to the back half before you start seeing it.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And as we think out a little bit longer term, I realize the credit rating boost will help and if more come, that will help more. But if we look at the cost of your long-term debt, it's still pretty high especially versus your other funding. And given your low loan to deposit ratio. Like, how do you think about remixing the funding overtime and what that might mean for the NIM beyond this year?
David J. Turner: Well, we have a couple of maturities that are coming up this year and next year. We'll have to -- we continue to watch our credit spreads. They are coming in. They're still wider than we expect, and hope for over the long term. We do have a pretty low level of long-term debt compared to our equity and especially compared to our peers. But we will look for opportunities to take advantage of our tightening of credit spreads. And to the extent we see opportunities to refinance. In particular, we have one series of the trust preferreds that are at 8.8%. We'll be looking at that in particular.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And the just separately if I may. Obviously, credit was better than expected, pretty much across-the-board. I mean, what stuck out to me is the reserve release was quite large and I guess, being sensitive that the credit metrics can be choppy, you talked about being uneven yet you're confident enough to bring down a lot of reserves. So I mean, do you feel like we're past the point where you kind of have 2 to 3 quarters of good credit and there's a little blip that ends up, maybe catching some folks off guard? So maybe we'll still be choppy uneven but fewer bumps or smaller bumps?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Matt, I'll make a few comments and I'll ask Barb Godin if she'll add to this. But what we've seen is we had a very good quarter from a credit quality metrics standpoint. Our allowance methodology has been a pretty rigorous process that clearly, over the last few quarters, has been enhanced and strengthened and we're very rigorous about sticking to that. The metrics all look very positive this quarter. We do anticipate some level of unevenness. But clearly, what we're seeing, absent any unexpected economic shocks, that the credit quality trends will continue to be favorable and -- but we're going to stick to our process. We're going to stay disciplined in the way we look at the credits and the way we look at the allowance methodology. Barb?
Barbara Godin: And Matt, as we think about the allowance as well, as we've been making progress and strides on putting on better quality credits and rolling off of those weaker credits that too has an impact, a positive impact against our allowance needs. And as it relates to what we expect for further quarters, the only guidance I would give you is just remember that for each of the last couple of years, in the third quarter, we see a seasonal bump. There's no reason I wouldn't anticipate that this year, albeit hoping it will be muted from prior years. But it will be clearly choppy as we have come out. And as Grayson said, we are going to follow what the economy does.
O. B. Grayson Hall: And, Matt, if you look at the most problematic segment of our portfolio, it's been the investor commercial real estate, down 32% over a year ago. We ended the quarter at roughly $10.1 billion but if you get a little more granular into that portfolio, you'll see that construction's down over 50% and that portfolio is now slightly under $1 billion, $955 million. You look at some of the more problematic groups, the land, the single-family and condominium, down 40% year-over-year and all of those components, land's down slightly under $800 million; single family is about $800 million; and condo's down to $130 million. So as you look at the makeup and composition of that $10.1 billion, it continues to be a stronger story.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies & Company.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I want to ask a quick couple of question on the expense side. David, can you breakout for us what part of the salaries increase was related to pension cost that will stick around for the year versus the FICA and stock option stuff that will tail off?
David J. Turner: Yes. Let me answer in maybe a different way than you asked it. If you look at the expense run rate from the first quarter and you try to figure out what is kind of the seasonal component, there's $35 million to $40 million of that number that you would not expect to recur going forward. So you can put that in your model and that will get you an approximation on where -- the question you just asked.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay and my follow up on that is then also, your credit related expenses were really nicely lower and I just wanted to ask you to kind of walk us through some color on that. And also, have we now -- in that line, also now gotten back to a nicely lower run rate? Or could that still be lumpy and episodic?
Barbara Godin: Ken it's Barb Godin. I'll answer that question. As it relates to what we're seeing in our OREO expense, there's less write-downs that we're taking due to appraised values coming in. We're seeing some bottoming in some of our markets. In fact, in the handful of markets, we're actually starting to see some rates starting to move in the opposite direction. And beyond that, we've simply just not put as much into our OREO portfolio. So therefore, overall expenses have tailed down nicely. And again, we'd anticipate that they should, absent any large moves to OREO, should stay low.
David J. Turner: I would add that we did have some gains in the transactions related to held for sale and that's a function of our aggressive write-downs we take. The market, as Barb mentioned, in some cases is recovering. And we're seeing quite a few buyers coming to the market looking for these assets. So that's helped bolster prices. Get a little concerned to try to give you too much guidance as to where that could go in the future. I think we need to be careful that we don't get ahead of ourselves trying to predict that. So that's one of the uneven things that we want to continue to watch. But our OREO and held for sale portfolios have now gotten down to a relatively small level. And so, the volatility with that shouldn't be that great.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one just quick final one. Just coming back to the NII story, I just want to understand that first to second with average earning assets, you got rid of the $3.5 billion of TARP and you've raised the $900 million, that's a net reduction of $2.5 billion or so. So do we still have a step down to come just from balance sheet side before we then see the second half growth?
David J. Turner: Well, I think averaging can mislead you a little bit, that's why we put into the prepared comments that our ending earning assets are actually up 2%. So I think you ought to look at that as maybe a better indicator of where things could trend.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Right that TARP was after the quarter end.
David J. Turner: That's right. And so, we have the money sitting in at Federal Reserve and that...
O. B. Grayson Hall: At quarter end.
David J. Turner: At quarter end so we utilized our excess cash at the Fed to make that repayment.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Couple questions. One is on the liquidity pool and the opportunity to redeploy that into securities and loans. If you could put into effect all the excess liquidity that you hold today into the weighted average portfolio that you've got in securities and loans. What's your estimate as to how much that would improve the NIM?
David J. Turner: Betsy, I think if you looked in kind of round terms, you're talking about a 13-basis point reduction due to that excess liquidity. Now getting back to Ken's point, we utilized some that excess cash post quarter end so our excess cash is now closer to the $2 billion, $2.5 billion range today. And we would look to continue to deploy our excess cash in the most meaningful way. We also would rather deploy our balance sheet into loans, more so than we have in the investment portfolio. That grew close to $2.5 billion and we'd much rather put it into loans but we want to put it into loans that have the right risk profile and are properly priced. So we are continuing to look for those opportunities and what you'll see over time is that we will have more aggressive plays on our balance sheet now that we have our ratings upgrade. In particular, looking at our investment portfolio, just an example is our deployment of $1 billion this past quarter into the corporate bond portfolio. It takes a little more credit risk. It helps us to meet the extension risk that we have in the investment portfolio from rising grades. And those things over time, will help us from an NII and end resulting NIM.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then separately, I hear the improvements in credit and then I also hear your prepared remarks, comments about volatility and expect some lumpiness or bumpiness. Is that lumpiness or bumpiness that you're expecting really because you need to say that just for legal reasons? You're obviously -- it's unsure 100% is what's going to happen because the trajectory looks like things are obviously getting better on the credit side.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think that clearly, when you look at the first quarter, we had some very strong improvement in our credit metrics. I think that we've been in this cycle so long. We're going to always be -- if we're going to err, it's going to be to the side of caution and we do -- we do spend a lot of time stress testing our portfolio and forecasting what we believe the future to be. But we tend to always sort of anticipate that it could be somewhat uneven or bumpy as you would call. And Barb, you may want to add to that?
Barbara Godin: Betsy, as well if you think about last year, a year ago, I would just point everyone to that where we all felt the economy was moving in the right direction or better direction. And of course then we have Europe that happened and then next [ph] global that followed that. So again, we're simply being very cautious as to how we think about the economy. We would still say it will be in a fragile state.
David J. Turner: I'll add one thing to it. If you look at criticized and classified levels, those are clearly coming down. We think that's one of the best places, first places that you look in terms of assessing credit quality, and those are coming down. We'll be disclosing our potential problem loan number, which is the inflow of numbers that we've talked about before in the $350 million to $400 million range. So that is a -- we believe showing that -- an improvement. So I think that we want to be careful with regards to the provisioning. Did I say the range is $350 million to $450 million...
O. B. Grayson Hall: You said $350 million to $400 million.
David J. Turner: I'm sorry. $350 million to $450 million would be our range of potential problem loans.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right, which that's lower than what you had a couple of quarters or so ago?
David J. Turner: That's right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller of FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Going back to the credit quality again. What do you say in -- I know, we know you have a lot of exposure to Florida and other parts of the South and we've been hearing that the South is probably less competitive on loan growth and pricing than other regions of the country. Now, you might not see that, being in that region but how would you talk about the competitiveness? And then also on the follow-up, is where is most of the good asset quality improvement coming from? Is it coming from the state of Florida or other regions that you service?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I'll try to answer that question in a couple different directions. I'd say one, from a competitive standpoint, obviously, we're operating in 16 states, predominantly in the Southeast. But I'd say, what we've seen is some pretty strong competition. And I would say most of that competition has been around pricing, not so much on covenants, but certainly, you've seen some pricing competition as there's been a strong effort from all of our competitors to try to grow loans prudently. So we are seeing that. I would tell you, when you look at the business side of our balance sheet, most of that growth has been in the commercial industrial lending, predominantly in the upper end of that --of the middle market. And I would say specifically, where we've seen our most success is in what we call specialized industries, which has been asset-based lending in health care and energy in particular. We've seen strong growth in those segments and -- but I would tell you, that's been sort of broad-based across the footprint. Florida has never particularly been a strong commercial industrial state but we are seeing some improving signs in the state of Florida. I would tell you most of the borrowings tend to be around CapEx. There's a lot of investment in technology and in equipment that we're financing at this point in time. I'll tell you on the consumer side, we're still seeing, as David mentioned earlier, we're seeing very strong growth on the residential mortgage segment. We had about $1.6 billion in production in the first quarter, $200 million of that was in a HARP 2 segment and about 60% was refinancing. Our refinance and new home purchase is running about 60-40. We are seeing even stronger pipelines in both consumer and business in the early part of the second quarter. Auto, indirect auto lending continues to be strong with us -- for us, I would tell you that obviously, pricing has gotten more competitive in that segment as well, but we're still pleased with the spreads that we're seeing.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And you say -- and you're also -- you talked a little bit about on the mortgage side, on the purchase side. You're seeing an increase in purchase throughout your footprint or just in specific states?
O. B. Grayson Hall: It varies by state. Obviously, purchase has been a more dominant -- more dominant in states like Florida. We've had a stronger purchase percentage out of Florida just because of the inability for many of those mortgage holders to execute or refinance. Obviously, HARP 2 has changed that to some degree and our application volume for the first quarter, applications for HARP 2 is about 20% of total volume. We think it will be stronger than that for the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: First, just thinking about aggregate period end loan growth here relative to the negative 5%-ish range here there the first quarter. I'm just wondering, how do you think this will trend? How quickly will this recover? And do you think residential mortgage is going to play a larger role in your aggregate loan growth, just given unattractive returns really in a lot of other earning asset classes and also, some weak demand in some of your core lending segments.
O. B. Grayson Hall: You got -- I would tell you that the sort of way we look at our loan growth is you'd look that first quarter obviously, as David mentioned a moment ago, you need to look a little beyond period-to-period averages and look at ending balances. We actually were a little stronger on ending balances than the averages would tend to -- indicate. We do anticipate that we'll continue to see growth in the segments I've previously mentioned. But that -- and we'll see a more moderate decline in commercial real estate over the year. Commercial real estate was down about $600 million period-to-period, which is a more moderate decline than we've seen previously. We think there's still some moderation in that. But it's still declining. We do think that from start to finish, that our loans outstanding will be fairly stable but you'll continue to see modest runoff in the first half of the year and modest growth in the second half of the year.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And how has your appetite changed for retaining conforming mortgages at this point?
O. B. Grayson Hall: We really haven't had much of an appetite for that. We've had -- we've retained very little of our production. Mostly what we're retaining is the adjustable rate mortgages as well as jumbo mortgages, which has been a relatively small percentage of our production. And at this point, we don't see that changing. We continue to evaluate it from quarter-to-quarter, and we're pretty rigorous about that evaluation and at this point in time, we still are holding on that strategy. David, do you want to speak there?
David J. Turner: Yes, we continue to look at that because we know that's where we're different than our peers. We can't come up with a compelling argument for us to keep those mortgages, primarily, the 15-year product that we normally would retain. But the spreads we can make, in terms of selling it -- selling the production versus putting it on our books and having what we think would be long-dated, pretty long-dated loans that we can take a proxy [ph] risk in the investment portfolio for that and have a better liquidity profile for that to be prepared for the loan growth that we really want to put on the books. So we'll continue to look at it, but we don't see that we would change that in the near term.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Erika Penala of Bank of America.
Erika Penala: My first question is a follow-up to Ken's. I just wanted to make sure I understood it correctly. David, are we looking at about an $875 million quarterly starting point for the expense run rate and the main message in terms of PPI improvement if you could keep it stable at that level?
David J. Turner: Well, what I said was if you take the existing expense number and back off $35 million to $40 million of that, that is -- $35 million or $40 million in that first quarter that should not repeat. We do believe for the year, which is consistent with our previous guidance that our expenses should be down from 2011. And of course, that's adjusting 2011 for the goodwill impairment and we're sticking to that.
Erika Penala: Got it. And with regard to your comments on the margin, do you expect loan yield compression of about 6 basis points that you saw this quarter to moderate? Or is the margin expansion for the remaining of the year really a function of savings that you could extract from your funding base and also lower cash balances next quarter related to using some of that to pay back TARP?
David J. Turner: Our guidance that we're giving you relative to NII and NIM takes all that into consideration including other hedges that we have on the books that will expire this year. So all in, we believe we're going to continue to have improvement in the margin. I think the -- we saw the change of 6 basis points. We don't see that necessarily repeating given the nature of how that unwinds in the first quarter, so you shouldn't extrapolate that.
Erika Penala: Got it. And my last question is on the home equity portfolio. I'm sure you saw larger banks this quarter report an increase in MPLs due to a change in the accounting methodology with regards to classifying a performing first if they're behind -- performing second if they're behind a problem first. Barb, have you complied with this or reserved for this?
Barbara Godin: Erika, in fact, we've had a look not only at our own portfolio but what we service and in total, that number is roughly $3.7 million of our home equity that we would need to have been to non-accruals that would happen this quarter. We've also taken that as a proxy and used that to look at the rest of the portfolio. So our anticipation is that there would be an incremental monthly $10 million that could also happen coming from where others have the first, and we are holding the second mortgage. So all in, I would say a relatively immaterial number.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: We've spent a little time talking about expense side of things. I'd like to get a little additional color on the fee revenue outlook for Regions. You've made a couple comments about HARP helping out the mortgage side of the business for at least the next quarter or 2. I'm curious as to where else you might see benefits in terms of fee revenues in the second quarter and third quarter. And within that, can you provide any additional color on what -- on the ongoing relationship with Raymond James at this point following the sale of Morgan Keegan?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Okay. Let me try to answer your questions. First of all, I think from a fee revenue standpoint, in terms of Non-interest revenues, clearly, the first quarter benefited from a very strong level of production in our mortgage group. We do not see that abating. That continues early into the first quarter. Our pipelines and our applications that we're receiving to date would not indicate that that's abating anytime soon. So we would anticipate a continuous strong quarter in that regard. On the consumer side, as we've mentioned before, the consumer checking account, we've really been in a transition for several months of migrating our consumer checking account base from basically a free checking offering to more of a fee eligible offering with hurdles around balances and transaction types and we've successfully sort of bridged that transition and starting to see good results from that regard. We also introduced a number of products into our consumer offerings, prepaid cards and some money transfer types of activities and check cashing kind of activities that have augmented our service charges. We continue to introduce products into the consumer suite that will generate some level of revenue, but that are meeting very legitimate customer needs and trying to grow the consumer side of the portfolio. I'd also mention, since we acquired our credit card portfolio, we're generating a pretty strong interchange revenue off of that portfolio, as well as we continue to see growth in the debit card transactions. We've seen year-over-year growth in debit card in spite of all the changes that have been made to that product. So we have said that we think over time, we can mitigate the impact of the revenue challenges we have on NIR. And so far, our results are tracking on target to a little better than target.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And if I could, just a follow-up on that specific subject. Are you assuming that the Q1 number for your capital markets revenues are basically the peak for the year and that they would begin to come down, similar to the trend that you saw last year?
O. B. Grayson Hall: We are not -- we, at the capital markets group, I think, had a good first quarter. But we actually are encouraged about what we think might happen through the rest of the year. And I do think that you mentioned earlier, the continuing relationship with Raymond James, they continue to be a good customer of ours, as well as a partner on a number of fronts. And so, we are hopeful that, that turns into business for us later in the year.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And if I can, one final question on asset quality. You've mentioned several times, you expect asset or credit trends to continue to improve, perhaps not in a straight line. I guess I'm just curious about how you're thinking about where ultimately reserves would be, would fall out relative to the loan portfolio? You're looking somewhere in the 2% to 2.5% range or possibly even lower?
David J. Turner: Well, this is David. We continue to monitor closely, credit. We have to all acknowledge that we're still in an unusual environment in the world economy. And we try to assess where reserves really end up. I think we would all agree that reserves are going to be higher than before we entered the crisis. And so, if entering in the crisis, you were in the 1.25 to 1.50 range, you're probably in that 1.50 to 2 range, and that's the best guess we have right now. We need to wait and see how this thing pans out. But I would think -- I know that's a wide margin, 1.50 to 2, but that's probably the best guidance that we would give you. And the question is in what time period -- we're at 3.3% today and what time period would that shift down? And that's a harder thing to answer because of the unevenness with regard to the economic recovery. So in time, I think we can get down to those levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran of Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess just one definitional one. I mean, so when we think about PPNR having bottomed here, is it as simple as just kind of making the expense adjustments you talked about, $35 million to $40 million and the $13 million subsidiary dividend, and looking out to 2Q, there is a PPNR base that is $50 million higher or so or is there anything else that we should adjust for in the same kind of seasonal element that would either bring it back down or push it back up in terms of looking for a run rate as opposed to guidance?
David J. Turner: Yes. I think if you look at the first quarter, that certainly is your starting point with the expenses we talked about. But you need to be thinking about our deployment of our balance sheet in a more meaningful manner, including our excess cash to work, getting our investment portfolio to work, being able to participate in loan syndications now that we have our ratings back that we hadn't had before. All those help drive earning asset growth. And so, I think there's something in -- there should be more than just taking out those expenses that help drive improvements and overall PPNR.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Having the investment credit rating back and having what I said [ph], a better position of strength from a capital perspective will allow our commercial bankers to compete more effectively in this market.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then as I think about that maybe as part of the loan outlook, I know you don't break out run off versus core [ph] loans that way than some of your peers do. But if the assumption that loans will inflect this year, I guess is a prerequisite of that just that the run off headwinds will slow or does the core loan origination run rate actually need to accelerate from the current levels in order to get to growth in the back half of the year?
David J. Turner: Well, I think as we talked earlier, we are experiencing pretty good growth in our C&I book and our pipelines remain strong. We're very encouraged there. We do have headwinds, which are continuing a moderation of a decline in Investor real estate. So that will slow some, but still decline and we still have the consumer that's deleveraging. In particular, our home equity line of credit book that continues to attrite [ph] because of this refinanced and or deleveraging that's occurring. It also is -- what impacts us versus our peers, is our decision not to retain the resident mortgages originations on our books versus selling them into the markets. So as we mentioned earlier, we think, if you look at the beginning of the year loan portfolio and you look at the end of the year, you're going to be about flat year-over-year. We're down about 1% end-to-end this first quarter and we'll see a little bit of attrition. But the back half, we expect the growth will take over that and get on the run rate in the second half leading into 2013.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And I guess just a last one, I know TruPS isn't a huge number for you but can you remind us what you're thinking in terms of timing and also, would those be expected to be something that would be just, cash on hand would take those out or should we build in some kind of replacement debt cost?
David J. Turner: Well, we continue to look at that. We have 2 issues, a roughly $500 million issue at 6.6% and then we have a $350 million issue at 8.8%. We have put ourselves in position to be able to deal with either one of those. 8.8% is the more likely candidate given where our credit spreads are and I think that if -- a caller earlier had mentioned about our credit spreads. If our credit spreads tighten like we think they will over time, or hope that they will over time, then that gives us even better opportunity to either take them out from a cash standpoint and or replace them with cheaper debt. We still have to maintain our policy of cash at the holding company, which is 2 years worth of cash to take care of all debt service and dividends and so forth. And we're over that policy today, we will continue to maintain that, which if we took out that piece, would put us, depending on how things trend this year, could put us in the market. But for $350 million, we might be able to take it out for cash. We'll have to wait and see.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kevin Fitzsimmons of Sandler O'Neill.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just a quick question on the service charges. You mentioned how there's been a big impact over time from the regulatory hurdles, and you've made changes to offset that. Is there any additional hit to expect from, for instance, sequencing change for overdrafts or is that already complete? If you could just comment on that.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Kevin, we -- if you have to, when you look at the service charge revenue streams that we have, the revenue stream for overdrafts and insufficient funds, I think is the revenue stream that continues to be some level of debate over in the industry and part of that debate is around posting sequence and part of it is about funds availability and also parts of it is about sort of different institutions stances on waivers and refunds regarding the NSS. That revenue stream continues to decline for us and we anticipate that it will still continue to decline for some time to come. And we're repricing our products and readjusting our business model on existing products and addition of new products to offset that. We do still have -- we do anticipate that there will be rule changes -- further rule changes regarding this process that we'll adapt to and adjust to. But I think it's premature to speculate as to what those might be.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And Grayson, and one -- just a follow up. You mentioned a few minutes ago about some of the additional products on the consumer side like money transfer and check-cashing activities and that there's a real need for that. You made that point and are those kind of opportunities that you run by the Consumer Finance Bureau just to make sure there's no trouble with that down the line or are we just way early on that front to be thinking about that?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think that we're way early. Obviously, we've had a lot of conversations with our supervisors, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. But those conversations are confidential and I would tell you that we try to go through a risk assessment on all the products that we introduce. We try to make sure that they're fair and responsible, that they're treating customers fairly. I think those are all objectives that all of our supervisors agree with. But I do anticipate changes in this space and it's just too early. From my vantage point, it's just too early to call.
Operator: Your final question is from the line of John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Barb, you had indicated that you expect OREO expenses to stay low through the year here. I just want to clarify that. Do you still expect further decline and you're just being conservative there? And I guess I have a similar question on the related credit cost throughout the expense base beyond the OREO expenses. Do you also expect continued declines through the year and into '13?
Barbara Godin: Yes. And John, as long as we're looking at what's happening with real estate values and prices, that's where I'm basing my remarks. That is that we have seen, as I've mentioned earlier, some of our markets stabilize. Some of the markets start to improve a little and of course, that directly impacts our OREO expense and cost. So as we see those things getting better throughout the year, hopefully, we won't be taking as many marks and our expense will be lower throughout the year. But again, depending on the economy.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. So what is your -- would you say is your total environmental cost in your expense base that could come out as of today? I believe it was north of $800 million a few quarters back. So I wanted to see what -- how do you quantify that total amount as of today?
David J. Turner: John, that number had been in the $300 million range. I'm not -- we might be talking about something different on your $800 million. That's $300 million. We said over time, 3 quarters of that would come out as just -- when it comes out is based on improvements in the economy. Clearly, we have seen that in the first quarter. And we think that, that continue -- those costs will continue to abate. It's not just OREO and held for sale cost but it's all the people that we have that manage problem assets for us as well in terms of where we deploy them. And today, it's in dealing with problem assets to market to be elsewhere in the organization to help serve customers.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. I might have included some of the legal expenses in my number then. Then separately, in terms of securities, can you just give us what the durations were of the securities you put on during the quarter and what the yields were approximating?
David J. Turner: Well, we had been -- our duration had been 2.5 years. Today, it's probably closer to 3. We put some corporate debt on the books, not a lot, about $1 billion this past quarter. And that duration's in the 4- to 5-year range, which is what drove that duration. But we like that asset class relative to the mortgage-backed securities given the volume that we had there.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And the average yields that are put on that?
David J. Turner: John, somewhere in the 3.25 range versus 2.50 range that we put on mortgage-backed.
Operator: I will turn the call back to Mr. Hall for any closing remarks.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Just again, let me thank everyone for your time and attention today. We certainly appreciate your interest in Regions and we look forward to next quarter's call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Lusco -  Barbara Godin - Chief Credit Officer, Executive Vice President and Head of Credit Operations - Regions Bank O. B. Grayson Hall - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer of Regions Bank, President of Regions Bank and Director of Regions Bank M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations David J. Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of the Executive Council, President of Central Region, Chief Financial Officer of Regions Bank and Senior Executive Vice President of Regions Bank
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Christopher W. Marinac - FIG Partners, LLC, Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corp.'s Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Kelly, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. List Underwood: Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation in our call this morning. Our presenters today are Grayson Hall, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and David Turner, our Chief Financial Officer. Also here with us this morning and available to answer questions are Matt Lusco, our Chief Risk Officer; and Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer. As part of our call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com.  Let me also remind you that in this call, we may make forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are not based on historical information but rather are related to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Those statements are based on general assumptions and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the views, beliefs and projections expressed in such statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found on our forward-looking statement that is located in the appendix of the presentation.  I'll now turn it over to Grayson.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, List, and welcome to everyone to Regions' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your interest in Regions and are pleased to have this opportunity to update you on the solid progress we made this past year in executing our business plans and building a stronger core franchise, as well as our expectations for continued progress in 2012.  Although the environment has clearly remained challenged, our 2011 results demonstrated that our disciplined business plans and focus on the customer is working. Total loan production for the year was a solid $60 billion. Of that, Business Services accounted for $51 billion or 83%, including $15 billion of new loan production, a 14% increase over last year. Consumer banking loan production accounted for $9 billion in 2011, driven by strength in mortgage, indirect auto and credit card. Loan growth was fueled by commercial and industrial loan balances, which on average increased 11% for the full year. Offsetting this growth was the Investor Real Estate loan portfolio, which favorably declined over $5 billion in 2011 or 33% of outstandings, as we continued to consistently and aggressively de-risk our balance sheet.  Average low cost deposits for the full year grew more than $4 billion in 2011 or nearly 6%, which led to a 29-basis-point decline in total deposit cost as a result of this favorable shift in deposit mix. Credit quality metrics meaningfully improved in 2011 as demonstrated by 29% decline in net charge-offs, a 24% decrease in nonperforming assets, a 40% decrease in inflows of nonperforming loans and a 35% reduction in Business Services criticized loans, which are our earliest indicator of problem loans for the future.  We also sharply reduced our credit-related costs in 2011, with full year provision down $1.3 billion or 47% for 2010, while continuing to maintain a solid reserve level to net loans of 3.54%.  Although 2011 revenues were down due to lower security gains, excluding these securities transactions, our revenues held relatively steady despite legislative, regulatory and interest rate challenges. Total expenses were higher due to fourth quarter's goodwill impairment charge associated with Morgan Keegan. However, excluding the goodwill impairment charge and last year's regulatory charge and related tax benefit as a result of our continued focus on cost, full year noninterest expenses from continuing operations were down 5%, aided by a 4% reduction in headcount and the elimination of 700,000 square feet of excess facility space. Additionally, we further strengthened our capital base, increasing our Tier 1 common equity ratio by approximately 65 basis points to an estimated 8.5%.  As recently announced, we reached an agreement to sell our broker-dealer operation, Morgan Keegan, to Raymond James for $930 million. As part of the transaction, Morgan Keegan is also expected to pay Regions a dividend of $250 million before closing, providing total consideration of $1.18 billion. As disclosed, Morgan Asset Management and Regions Morgan Keegan Trust are not included in the sale and remain part of Regions Wealth Management organization. To reiterate, the transaction reduces our overall risk profile, provides substantial liquidity at the holding company and modestly improves key capital ratios. It also establishes a strong long-term partnership with Raymond James, which we anticipate will provide incremental revenue opportunities and a source of low cost deposits while also enhancing our ability to serve our existing customers. Importantly, we also expect going forward that we will maintain important business relationships with Morgan Keegan associates that have developed over many years of working together to serve our customers' needs. The divestiture will strengthen Regions' overall focus and discipline on our core banking franchise. Although it's been less than 2 weeks since the announcement, we have been working productively and urgently to achieve a first quarter close of this transaction.  Results for 2011 included fourth quarter net after-tax $731 million goodwill impairment charge related to the process of selling Morgan Keegan, which is reflected in both discontinued and continuing operations. As a result, Regions reported fourth quarter and full year losses per share of $0.48 and $0.34, respectively. And from continuing operations, Regions' fourth quarter and full year losses were $0.11 and $0.02, respectively. Excluding the impairment charge, Regions' fourth quarter earnings from continuing operations was $0.09 per fully diluted share, leading to full year earnings per share of $0.17 on the same basis. Importantly, adjusted pretax pre-provision income has now exceeded the loan loss provision for 3 quarters in a row, clearly demonstrating improved underlying fundamentals.  Fourth quarter results from continuing operations also reflected lower credit-related costs, driven by broad-based credit quality improvement. This includes a 16% linked quarter decline in net loan charge-offs and a 26% decline in gross inflows of nonperforming loans. Fee-based revenues in the quarter were negatively impacted by the implementation of the Durbin Amendment on October 1. However, new revenue initiatives and changes to our checking account fee structure helped to offset some of the lost debit interchange fee income. Also, we continue to experience growth in debit card activity as total transactions have risen more than 2% from a year ago and total spending is up 3.6%. And now we're also seeing healthy growth in credit card transaction volume, which was up 2.5% linked quarter. We were able to modestly increase our interest margin third to fourth quarter and continued improvement in both deposit mix and deposit cost, offset long term, low interest rates on yields in our securities portfolio.  All in all, our underlying results and positive trends in certain key areas demonstrate that we are successfully executing our business plans by staying focused on our customer, and that we are making considerable progress positioning us well to take advantage of future opportunities.  I'll now turn the call over to David, who will provide you with fourth quarter and full year 2011 financial details, after which, I'll return to make some additional comments prior to opening up the call for questions. David?
David J. Turner: Thank you, Grayson, and good morning, everyone. I want to begin on Slide 4 with a summary of our fourth quarter 2011 and full year results. As Grayson pointed out, due to the after-tax goodwill impairment charge in the amount of $731 million associated with the process of selling Morgan Keegan, we reported a fourth quarter loss of $602 million or $0.48 per diluted share. $478 million on the impairment charge was recorded within discontinued operations and $253 million in continuing operations. Therefore, we incurred a loss from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of $135 million or $0.11 per diluted share. Excluding the goodwill impairment, income from continuing operations was $118 million or $0.09 per share. Fourth quarter's results from continuing operations were solid and primarily reflecting lower credit costs.  This morning's discussion, unless otherwise noted, will focus on fourth quarter results from continuing operations excluding goodwill impairment, as we believe this provides a clearer picture of fundamental trends. Starting with a quick overview, pretax pre-provision income, or PPI, was $485 million or 5% below the third quarter. As expected, service charges were negatively impacted by the implementation of debit interchange legislation, which drove the decline in PPI. Net interest income was steady linked quarter, while the net interest margin was up 4 basis points to 3.08%. Noninterest revenues were down 1% on a linked quarter basis, while noninterest expenses were up 2%.  Now let's take a look at some of the quarter's highlights, starting on Slide 5, with the credit quality trends that continue to improve. Inflows of nonperforming loans declined to $561 million or 26% from the third quarter's $755 million. The mix of inflows continues to be more income-producing commercial real estate loans, which have cash flows and tend to have lower loss severities. It is important to note that Land/Condo/Single Family portfolio, which now totals $1.8 billion, makes up 10% or $58 million of the inflows. Of this portfolio, 20% or $373 million have already been moved to non-accruing status.  It is important to note that 48% of all Business Services gross nonperforming loans were current and paying as agreed at the end of the quarter. This is up 11 percentage points from a year ago and compares to 45% in the third quarter.  Let's move to nonperforming loans on Slide 6. Nonperforming loans, excluding loans held for sale, decreased $338 million or 12% linked quarter and $788 million or 25% year-over-year. During the fourth quarter, we executed $306 million in strategic sales of problem assets primarily out of held for sale. We also moved $334 million of problem loans to held for sale. Throughout 2011, we were able to reduce nonperforming assets by almost $1 billion or 24%. Notably, Business Services criticized and classified loans continued to decline, down 13% or $935 million from the third quarter, and down $3.4 billion or 35% from one year ago. Importantly, criticized and classified loan trends are one of the best and earliest indicators of credit quality. As a result, we anticipate that 2011's marked improvement in overall credit quality trends will continue into 2012. More specifically, we expect our migration into nonperforming status in the first quarter to approximate the level of this past quarter.  Moving onto the loan loss provision on Slide 7. Net charge-offs declined $81 million or 16% linked quarter, and for the full year declined 29%. This quarter's disposition activity added $141 million to fourth quarter's charge-off level. However, markdowns associated with these disposed assets had mostly been provided for in our loan loss allowance. Excluding net charge-offs related to disposition activity, net charge-offs were down 8% linked quarter. Net charge-offs exceeded the loan loss provision by $135 million, marking the third straight quarter we have provided less in net charge-offs.  Our coverage ratios remain strong. At year end, our allowance for loan loss -- loan and lease losses to nonperforming loans coverage stood at 116%, up 15 basis points from last year. Meanwhile, our loan loss allowance to net loans declined from 3.84% at the end of 2010 to 3.54% at the end of 2011. From any metric observed, you will find much improved credit quality at Regions.  Now let's move onto the balance sheet on Slide 8. Fourth quarter's average loan yield increased 4 basis points to 4.35%. This increase primarily reflects slightly higher LIBOR rates. Ending loans for the year were down approximately 6%, which reflects a favorable 33% decline in Investor Real Estate, partially offset by a 9% increase in the commercial and industrial portfolio. In addition, we added $1.2 billion of credit card loans and indirect auto loans to the balance sheet during 2011. Average commercial and industrial loans grew $357 million or 1.5% third to fourth quarter. However, other portfolio runoff, primarily Investor Real Estate, more than offset this growth, causing the total loan portfolio to decline 2.2% linked quarter. Line utilization on commercial and industrial loans was modestly lower at 42.6%, but up from 40.3% in the fourth quarter of 2010.  We continue to see growth in our specialized industries, in particular, healthcare and franchise restaurant. In addition, we are expanding other industry practices, such as technology and defense. Noteworthy, total commercial and industrial commitments rose $3.7 billion in 2011, ending the year at just under $30 billion. This, along with other factors, lead us to expect continued growth in the commercial and industrial loan portfolio in 2012.  Investor Real Estate loans declined another $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter, resulting in year-end balances of $10.7 billion or $5.2 billion less than year-end 2010. This portfolio now comprises only 14% of our total loan portfolio, down from 19% a year ago. We do expect the Investor Real Estate portfolio will continue to decline in 2012, albeit at a slower pace.  On the liability side of the balance sheet, as shown on Slide 9, deposit mix and cost continued to improve in the fourth quarter. Average deposits were down 1% in the fourth quarter, driven by a $1.6 billion decline in CDs, partially offset by an increase in low-cost deposits. Given our continued success in growing low-cost deposits, average time deposits fell to 21% of outstanding deposits, down from fourth quarter 2010's level of 25%. This positive mix shift resulted in deposit cost declining to 40 basis points for the quarter, down 6 basis points from third quarter and down 24 basis points from the end of 2010. Related, our total funding costs improved 7 basis points linked quarter to 68 basis points. Additional opportunities remained to reduce our deposit cost, as we have approximately $11.7 billion of CDs that carry an average of 1.46% interest rate that are scheduled to mature in 2012. This compares to a current average going-on rate for new CDs approximating 30 to 35 basis points.  Now let's turn to net interest income on Slide 10. Actual equivalent net interest income for the fourth quarter was flat. However, the resulting net interest margin increased 4 basis points to 3.08%, benefiting from deposit pricing and an $843 million decline in average excess cash at the Federal Reserve. Late in the quarter, we repaid the final $2 billion of maturing TLGP debt, which resulted in a lower ending balance of cash held at the Federal Reserve. Consequently, excess cash reserves negatively impacted the margin, 14 basis points in this quarter, an improvement from third quarter's 16 basis points.  As expected, long-term interest rates led to higher prepayments in our mortgage-backed securities portfolio, which negatively impacted our securities yield, resulting in a decline of 25 basis points linked quarter. The net interest margin was negatively impacted by 7 basis points related to these prepayments. Looking into 2012, we expect this portfolio to grow modestly as we deploy excess cash reserves. And as previously noted, with the opportunities that remain on the liability side of our balance sheet and based on our expectation of a low-rate environment, we expect our net interest margin to continue to incrementally improve this year.  Let's turn to noninterest revenue on Slide 11. Fourth quarter noninterest revenues declined 1% from the third quarter to $507 million. Fourth quarter's implementation of debit interchange legislation reduced service charges $47 million linked quarter, in line with our expectations. One thing in particular I'd like to highlight is that total 2011 service charges were relatively stable as compared with 2010 despite the negative impact of Regulation E and debit interchange legislation, illustrating our ability to quickly adapt our business model. We've been able to successfully mitigate these hurdles by generating new revenue streams and through the ongoing product restructuring of deposit accounts, and we expect to completely mitigate this over time. Mortgage revenue declined 16% linked quarter, reflecting reduced benefit from MSR and related hedging activities. Production in the fourth quarter totaled $1.8 billion, bringing our full year production to $6.3 billion. Further, the extended Home Affordable Refinance Program, or HARP 2, is expected to foster mortgage production into 2012.  Moving on to Slide 12, noninterest expenses, excluding the goodwill impairment charge, were up 2% linked quarter. During the fourth quarter, we incurred a $16 million expense related to Visa litigation. Excluding this item and the goodwill impairment, expenses were relatively flat with the third quarter. For the full year, noninterest expenses, excluding goodwill impairment and the regulatory charge, were down $175 million or 5%. Regions has successfully been able to create and grow new revenue streams while also reducing expenses. Credit-related expenses declined $23 million or 23% linked quarter, primarily related to lower other real estate expenses. Fourth quarter 2011 credit-related expenses are 9% of total expenses, down from 14% in fourth quarter 2010. Additionally, and as previously announced, in the fourth quarter, we consolidated 41 branches. Furthermore, headcount declined over 1,000 positions or nearly 4% during 2011. It is down 6% over the last 2 years. We will continue to seek expense savings without sacrificing investment opportunities or compromising high service levels our customers have come to expect and deserve at Regions. As a result, we expect 2012 expenses to be slightly down from the 2011 level.  Moving on to capital and liquidity on Slide 13, we've maintained solid capital and held a favorable liquidity position throughout the year. The Tier 1 common ratio increased to 8.5%, and the Tier 1 ratio at the end of the quarter stood at 13.2%. In addition, our pro forma Basel III Tier 1 common and Tier 1 capital ratios are above their respective 7% and 8.5% minimums. Liquidity at both the bank and the holding company remained solid with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 81% and cash held at the Federal Reserve totaled approximately $5 billion at year end. Lastly, based on our interpretation, our liquidity coverage ratio is above the 100% Basel III requirement.  Overall, this year's results show progress that we've made. Our core business performance improved as we achieved sustainable profitability on a continuing operations basis. We have substantially improved our credit risk profile and further strengthened our balance sheet from a liquidity and capital standpoint.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Grayson for his closing remarks.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, David. I want to spend just a few moments talking about 2012. Although we are encouraged by recent improvements in various economic indicators, in particular the unemployment rate and GDP growth, we do believe that the economy remains challenged by housing and unemployment and the pace of economic recovery does appear to be incremental. That being said, we are positioning our franchise to continue our recovery on asset quality and earnings performance. With this backdrop, we expect to be very disciplined in our focus on fundamentals, focusing on the basics of banking, focusing on our customers and continuing to take steps to position ourselves for growth when the economic recovery demonstrates sustainable momentum. By providing customers with superior service and a broad array of well-priced products, we are able to deepen existing relationships as well as profitably grow our business. In fact, we believe our competitive advantage is driven by customer loyalty, service quality and disciplined bankers, and that is what will ultimately differentiate us in the marketplace.  Regarding noninterest revenue in 2012, over time, we expect to recover the estimated $180 million loss due to the interchange pricing changes. We are seeing early success in recent introduced suite of products and services that offer customers new choices on how to bank with Regions. We are encouraged by the positive results of our changes in checking account fee structures. As we transition from free to fee-eligible, we have to sell into legitimate customer needs and deliver value at a fair price. We are building a stronger and more consistent banking model that customers appreciate and respect. Given our assumption of a continued low-interest-rate, low-growth environment, we expect growing net interest income will remain challenging. Additional improvement in funding mix and pricing should offset pressure on earning asset yields, but our margin will remain relatively stable with incremental improvement.  We believe that commercial and industrial loan growth was strong in 2011, and we are continuing to add resources into our specialized industries and will do so throughout 2012. As a result, we expect continued commercial and industrial loan growth in 2012. At the same time, we plan to continue de-risking some segments of our loan portfolio, although the pace of runoff is expected to moderate to some degree.  Overall, we believe consumers and small businesses will remain cautious about spending and borrowing, but we do anticipate incremental improvement. Obviously, we continue to focus on legislative and regulatory changes in our industry and adjust our business model, products and services as necessary. We are working every day to restore financial confidence and to provide financial products to stimulate economic growth across our markets.  In our business, we maintain a disciplined focus on streamlining and driving expenses down. However, innovation and new product development are critical and do require some level of investment. As such, we will be diligent about managing our resources to achieve the right balance of efficiency, effectiveness and growth. In fact, 2011 adjusted expenses are lower than those of the past 3 years despite increasing environmental costs. We have become much more efficient, reducing our operating expenses even as we added new products and services. And it is important, I think, to note that during the same time, customer service has actually improved at Regions, and this is supported externally by J.D. Power, by Gallup and by Greenwich.  Improving credit quality metrics, combined with sharp reduction in Investor Real Estate portfolio, are driving our expectation for reduction in loan charge-offs and provision in 2012. We continue to de-risk our portfolio through the liquidation of problem assets and foreclosed properties. We expect our overall credit trends to improve, and nonperforming assets are anticipated to decrease as the year progresses.  To wrap up, in 2011, we reached 3 important milestones. Our core franchise has strengthened and we do appear to have achieved sustainable profitability from continuing operations, excluding the recent goodwill impairment. All of our credit quality-related metrics experienced marked improvement throughout the year. And shortly after year end, we completed the strategic review of Morgan Keegan, culminating in the announced sale to Raymond James. While we are encouraged by all of these accomplishments, we recognize there's still much work to be done. As outlined earlier, we expect 2012 to be another year of slow, incremental economic recovery, but we remain committed to the ongoing successful execution of our business plans and we are taking decisive steps to deliver improved results. We are confident that we continue to make progress, and importantly, we believe this progress translates into improved returns to shareholders.  Before we turn to questions, as you know, we're among the banks required to participate in the Comprehensive Capital Analysis Review, or CCAR, as it's being called, using stringent stress test scenarios outlined by the Federal Reserve. Our capital plan has been submitted. We expect to receive results by mid-March. We look forward to receiving that analysis, which will give us clarity on a number of issues we believe that are important to our organization. That being said, it is premature for us to comment beyond this point at this time.  With that, I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore Partners.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Can you remind us about the amount of total environmental-related credit costs in your operating expenses? And then more specifically, around the -- how we should think about the decline in those costs through 2012 and then beyond?
David J. Turner: Yes, John, this is David. We have approximately $300 million that are still in the environmental costs. And as we continue to go through 2012 and our credit metrics improve, nonperforming inflows come down, ultimate nonperformers come down, we expect those to trend down in 2012 as well.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then related to that, can you -- or at least on the credit funds, still, can you talk about your expectation for the balance of TDRs, whether we can still expect some increases there on a quarterly basis as you work through some of the CRE?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Barb, I'll ask -- I'll ask Barb Godin to comment on that.
Barbara Godin: Yes, we anticipate that our risks [ph] and TDRs to remain relatively flat. As you know, we've kept our tenure on those pretty short, and the reason for that is so that we can keep our customer talking to us instead of waiting for an extended period of time. So with that, and as the markets improve, we will then start to see the TDRs roll off. But until the economy improves, I would say you're going to see roughly the same level.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, with your expectation for the margin to see some upside here through the year, it's a little bit better than we had thought. And I guess if you could just talk about what changed with your expectation there because I believe you had thought it would be flattish at first? And then are you seeing some stabilization in loan pricing at all?
O. B. Grayson Hall: John, I'll just make a couple of comments, and I'll ask David to comment, as well. When you look at the margin, we do anticipate a continued incremental improvement in the margin. When you look at our margin relative to peers, our margin's lower than the peer median, and we've been working hard to bring that margin back in the line where it should be. Clearly, we've made a lot of progress on the deposit side; still more work to do there. We've brought it much more in line with where it ought to be. The loan pricing is really done one loan at a time, and it is a competitive marketplace where every basis point is a value that's debated. And we're making slow but steady progress on the loan side. Obviously, the reinvestment rate on our investment portfolio was challenged, and we will continue to see that in this rate environment. But we are seeing the opportunity to continue to incrementally improve our margin through 2012. David, do you want to add to that?
David J. Turner: Yes, I'll add to that. Grayson hit on a lot of them. We do believe the impact of the lower NPLs will be positive -- lower excess cash at the Federal Reserve. As we put that to work and are less defensive with our liquidity than we've been from a deposit cost standpoint, while we improved 6 basis points over the quarter, we still think -- we're at 40 basis points; we think we can clearly get in lower than that into the 30s. And I think if you look at our investment portfolio, we started to make some changes there going into different asset classes, and so you'll see some movement there. And then we've been pretty disciplined with our loan portfolio. We are ensuring we are paid for the risk that we take, and we feel like we're going to be able to book loans that are properly priced. And all that together, there's 5 or 6 points, John, when you add them together. It shows an incremental improvement in the margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: I had 2 questions. One is, David, as you look at the Morgan Keegan divestiture, now that we can see that discontinued kind of operations, it looks like, on average, it produced about $20 million per quarter in earnings. But if you take that earnings away, it would be about a 5% dilution, probably, to your earnings power. In comparison, issuing $1 billion, which is basically the cash you got out of the divestiture, it could have created close to 15% dilution. So when you finally see the deal done, we only get about 10 basis points in capital ratio improvement. But really, this deal was about the cash and the substitution for having to issue that $1 billion in some common issuance down the road.
David J. Turner: Well, I think, as Grayson mentioned in his comments, really, we're doing 3 things. We're changing our risk profile so that we could focus on our core banking franchise. Liquidity, as you pointed out, is very important to us. That generated a substantial amount of liquidity. And the capital was important, as well. And so if you look at all 3 of those and our continuing involvement with Raymond James -- don't discount that totally, either -- I think your number is a little high in terms of its overall contribution -- core contribution. We had about $0.01 relative to that. So we think, going forward, that this was the right decision for our shareholders, and we'll see what this relationship brings to us on a go-forward basis.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: The other thing that I was looking at was, if you look at the release of loan loss reserve, about $135 million, and you talked about the disposition of your sales and said that the haircut that you took this quarter was basically already provided for, which matches up your $141 million hit on disposition, it was basically what you guided in the release in loan loss reduction this quarter. Are you seeing enough improvement in the overall portfolio that we begin to see some release not just related to the impact from disposition but mainly from the broad portfolio as a whole?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I'll make a couple of comments, Marty, and then ask Barb Godin to speak, as well. Clearly, what we saw this quarter was that generally across every credit metric improvement -- but one thing I would point out we saw was we saw the ability for resolution improve marketably this quarter. And as we look at the marks we're taking on loans, we take our marks and then we also reserve. As we moved it to held for sale, we felt very confident in the marks and the reserves we had taken. Dispositions continue to be a big part of our strategy, and we've been consistent in that and I don't see us deviating from that at this point. Barb, comments?
Barbara Godin: The only other comment I would make is, as you look at the makeup of what came in and also match that up against the makeup of what we had in resolutions, we're pretty well with that inflection point. We're organically -- we're at neutral, and any loan sales that we do clearly are impacting positively our NPL balances. I'd also say, as you look at our -- what we took in terms of a mark, we took 41% on our loan sales of $307 million. We had a 41% mark against that. And again, 10% of that was liquidity premium, just given the way that we've disclosed the fees, including a small group of loans that had a bulk sale associated with it, et cetera. So again, we're feeling pretty good about the way we have our reserve matched up against those portfolios.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And I guess what I'm really trying to get at is, can the release begin to broaden out so that you actually don't have offsetting increase in losses from disposition, you start to get just some release that starts to bring down the impact of the overall net charge-offs?
Matthew Lusco: Marty, it's Matt Lusco. Good question. I would say that our allowance model, really, we look at it more in terms of our portfolio. And it's balanced by, I guess, really the overall economic conditions we're seeing right now, which as Grayson stated, still remain relatively soft. That being said, today, we've only released about $430 million of allowance so that -- yes, we continue to believe we're appropriately reserved and we'll watch and see how the economic conditions moderate over the remainder of the year.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, Marty, the signs we've seen this quarter are encouraging, and it's just a question of sustainability. And we are encouraged, but we're still being very disciplined about how we run our models and the projections we are making. And as we continue to see early indicators, obviously, the drop in criticized and classified, there was a clear drop in early-stage delinquencies, late-stage delinquencies from fairly relatively flat. So we're seeing a lot of signs that would tell us that the asset quality is improving. But we keep running very disciplined models to make sure we're making the appropriate changes in that allowance as the numbers justify that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran of Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just as I was trying to write down all your different points of guidance, I just want to make sure I got it right. So NIM will improve. We've got C&I loan growth, but we have continued reductions in Investor Real Estate. If that's right, when you put it all together, is there any range you can give us of where the overall loan book is likely to bottom? Or I guess, at what level would the C&I growth start outpacing the CRE declines? And then secondly, would you expect the dollars of net interest income to grow from the fourth quarter base? Or is the NIM going up on a smaller balance sheet?
O. B. Grayson Hall: I'll tell you -- just taking a couple of points, Brian. If you look at the opportunities for loan growth over the 2012 time horizon, what we've seen is that we're seeing growth in C&I as the predominant place we're seeing growth. Our commitments have grown faster than our outstandings. Most of that growth has been in the larger end of C&I. When you look at the marketplace, it's been predominantly in the -- up into the larger syndicated markets. We've stayed pretty disciplined in what we're putting on our books. We've very much of a relationship-banking model. Our core competency is really in that middle market and lower end of the upper corporate market. We have had very good results through 2011. That moderated a little bit in the latter part of 2011, and then we saw it accelerate in the last 2 months of the year. Our pipelines are still very solid, so we feel good about the growth there. We feel good about the growth in our specialty industries, in particular asset-based lending, healthcare, energy, and we're still continuing to add resources into those segments. So from a commercial standpoint, we feel good about it. I think when you look at the consumer side, we still are seeing deleveraging on the part of the consumer, but growth in auto to a strong degree. Mortgage has been strong, but we've not held much of that on our balance sheet. We're holding very little of that. We're mostly passing that through. And so when you net it all together, I think consumer is up slightly through '12. And I think that when you look at the commercial, it's going to be a question of how fast -- what's the pace of decline in that investor and commercial real estate portfolio. And I think that is a question we ask ourselves all the time. That's going to have more to do with the economic strength in this country. As the economy recovers, hopefully, we see more demand in that segment. Right now, the strength that we're seeing in that segment is pretty much isolated to multifamily.
David J. Turner: Brian, this is David. I'll add from an NII standpoint, we do see a modest increase in the dollars as well, so it's not just a shrinkage of the earning assets that drives the NIM up. I think that rounds out your first question.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: That does. And I guess to follow up on TARP, I know you're limited in kind of how your things -- what you can say about thinking about the timing. But just as you think about the economics of TARP, I guess one school of thought is that the preferred dividends are pretty significant drag to near-term earnings. And even if you do a pretty sizable capital raise, the EPS in the near term improves because you don't have that dividend anymore. That pays like $0.14 a share per year. And then the other school of thought is, the longer you wait, the better because even though you've got this EPS drag in the near term, the preferred dividend is temporary, while whatever shares you wish you are essentially permanent or, I guess, you can always buy it back in the future, but you're issuing those shares forever. So I mean, as you think through just that economic trade-off between improvement in near-term earnings by canceling out the preferred dividend versus the long-term share count, how do you think about the balance in the trade-off between those 2?
David J. Turner: Well, you've brought up what we've been looking at for a long period of time. We've been very disciplined and patient with regards to TARP. We will continue to be that way. But those are the things we look at, in terms of immediate dilution versus what the dilution would be by paying the dividend. And so we think we needed to get some other things taken care of that would be reflected in the market for our company, which includes return to sustainable profitability, getting credit metrics turning. And we do those things, and as we've demonstrated, we think that all that actually gets taken care of in due course. We don't have specific timing that we can talk about today relative to TARP. As you know, we submitted our capital plan, and we expect to hear back in the middle of March on that. And, perhaps, that will provide clarity with regards to what we do from there.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I do think it's premature and it's inappropriate for us to give much specific guidance on that. I do think the way you're thinking through the economics of the alternatives -- we had been laboring through those same analysis for several months now, and as David said, have been very patient and prudent in that regard. And we will continue to be so. But it is premature at this point in time for us to communicate anything in regard to that exercise.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies. [Technical Difficulty]
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: One question on expenses. You mentioned that they might be down in 2012 over 2011. And I just wanted to check, given the restatement post the Morgan Keegan sale, can you give us a comparison basis of what you're thinking about as far as the expense starting point and then the kind of the go-to decline off of that?
David J. Turner: If you look at our core expenses that are adjusted expenses so it gets goodwill charged out of that, that didn't have Morgan Keegan in it. It's in our supplement. I don't have the page number, but it's off of that base for the year.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Was that about $3.6 billion x the $250 million, then?
David J. Turner: That's right.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: But I was looking in the supplement, it's like $3.8 billion something minus its $2.62 million. And that you're saying minus the $250 million, and that's the core?
David J. Turner: That's right.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So a little down off of $3.6 billion. Okay. The second question I had is, you talked about this a little bit on the call a couple of weeks ago, but I wanted to just follow up and try to get a bit more detail. The litigation of reserve, you'd mentioned on the call that, that was a fair value, but that didn't seem to be the max value. So can you walk us through how it works with potential, what's the max exposure on top of the charge that you did that you're going to take upon sale of Morgan Keegan and how that could work in the future?
David J. Turner: I will attempt to get you closer. We do not have a maximum. That question came up last call that we had: was that the maximum? It is not. It is the fair value of our indemnification, which is indemnifying the buyer for all of the pre-closing legal contingencies that exist at Morgan Keegan, and there are several things that are embedded in that. And that fair value number comes -- we get to that number by thinking through possibly with a third party. Any related third party would ask for us to pay them to take that liability or that risk from us. Those cases that are underneath that aren't necessarily probable and estimable under the current accounting guidance, but they're fair value. So we may not have any payments that we have to make out of that. It also includes cost to defend us relative to all the litigation matters that are pre-closing issues. So we have not had a maximum. I can give you as kind of a reference point, if you look in our previous disclosures in the legal footnote, we talked about possible losses that we could have, and we had a range on those possible losses in the 0 to $300 million. These components of the litigation that you're reading about, indemnification is a part of that range of 0 to $300 million.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. Okay. And then one last thing, also related to the last call. In the last call, you mentioned that you want to keep 2 years of cash at the holding company even after a TARP repayment. So can you just walk us through how you think about what 2 years of cash flow is in dollar terms, so that we can try to understand how much cash you'll eventually need to get to the parent company on presuming an eventual TARP payment of $3.5 billion?
David J. Turner: Yes. Ken, I don't have those numbers. I can have List follow up with you specifically on that. But we've had a policy, a long-standing policy, that we would have 2 years' worth of debt service dividends and so forth in the parent company. And all we're trying to say is, we're going to continue to maintain that policy. We think that's the right thing to do.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We think it's been an appropriate policy we've had in place for a good long time. And the only thing we communicated in the last call is we plan to continue to adhere to that policy.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Can you just then tell us how much cash was at the parent company at March 31?
David J. Turner: At March or December?
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry, at December. My bad.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We can get that number.
David J. Turner: About $2.6 billion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two unrelated questions. First, on the NPA inflows, they've been coming down. But obviously, it's been a little bit of a bumpy leg down. But clearly, downward trends, stable in 1Q. I guess as we think from a timing point of view throughout 2012, are there any pluses and minuses that we should be focused on, whether it's a bunch of loans coming due or seasonality? It feels like kind of one quarter in each of the last couple of years has had a blip up, and any forecast of that, that would be helpful in advance, of course.
Barbara Godin: Matt, this is Barb. I would say the general projection is, we're looking at that continuing to show improvement for 2012. The last couple of years, we've shown that there's a slight increase in the third quarter. I would attribute that to seasonality. The rise last quarter was not -- in the third quarter was not as big as the rise in 2010. So we hope that it, too, would modify in 2012. But if there's going to be any kind of a small bump, it's likely to be in the third quarter. But again, even from where I sit right now, we just see continued improvement.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then separately, as we think about capital build from here, you still have, I think, about 50 basis points of disallowed DTA. And obviously, making money brings that back. But just give us a sense of the timing of which you think you might get some of that back? Are there any nuances beyond just positive EPS that might allow some of that to come back?
David J. Turner: No, Matt. You've really got it, it's based on projections. We look at that every quarter. We project out the next 12 months from the measurement date, and we expect that to start coming in, in 2012. Won't have all of it, but a decent portion of that comes into the capital calculation throughout 2012.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And I guess just putting it all together, it seems like there's some DTA's coming back in, some positive earnings and RWAs sound like they're still going to trickle down a little bit. Do you think the Tier 1 common gets to the 9% range by the end of the year?
David J. Turner: No. I think, honestly, we have a lot going on relative to our CCAR submission, which includes our forecast of where we think capital ratios will be at any point in time along the 2 years. And I think it'd be a little be premature to talk about specifics in terms of our capital plan right now. We'll probably wait until we hear back from our supervisors. That might be a more appropriate time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just had 2 follow-up questions. The first is on Matt's question with regard to the DTA. With this year, you have 3 years of GAAP loss. Should we -- will the accountants get more worried about 3 years of GAAP loss with regards to your GAAP DTA? Or it's not as relevant because it's not the timing difference between the loan losses and the provision that caused that GAAP loss, but it was the goodwill impairment?
David J. Turner: Yes, from a GAAP standpoint, different from what Matt just mentioned, that was a regulatory issue and the past losses really aren't applicable to that conversation. But from a GAAP standpoint, we have to evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax asset every quarter. And at year end, obviously, our auditors sign off on that relative to the financial statements. When we have to support that, we do look at continuing losses, but we also look at the content of those continuing losses. And when you have an unusual event or item, like a goodwill impairment charge, you can take that into account in terms of providing support and basis for whether or not you need to have a valuation allowance. We did not add a valuation allowance. We don't believe one is required other than a small one that we have for some state net operating loss carryforwards. But we don't believe that there's any big valuation allowance required for deferred tax assets. Our core operations are profitable and have been for the year, and so I think -- and we expect that to continue. So we don't see the need for valuation allowance.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That was helpful. And my second follow-up question is on the guidance for NIM improvement. That does not include any potential financing plans or issuance of debt regarding potential TARP repayment, correct?
David J. Turner: Well, we get into specifics related to the capital plan. I would just say that, taking into account everything that we think we need to do, our NIM would increase.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you talk about the regulatory constraints on the Regions Bank subsidiaries' ability to upstream capital to the holding company? So really, kind of dividend capacity in 2012?
David J. Turner: Craig, as you know, the regulators have rules in terms of the earnings that you have to have, looking at the last 2 years' worth of earnings that you have to have without receiving any approval from them. So you'll see that disclosed in our 10-K in terms of, without prior approval, what that number is. I don't have that with me right at this moment, but that's really the constraint without prior regulatory approval.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And do you, by any chance, have the common equity Tier 1 level of the Regions Bank offhand?
David J. Turner: I can get that for you if you give me just a minute. I can tell you the leverage.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And what's the Tier 1 leverage?
David J. Turner: It is -- I said that too quick. 9.6. It was 9 points in the third quarter and 9.6 at the end of the fourth quarter.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And maybe just a follow-up while you're looking for that. In the 4-basis-point increase in loan yields, if we kind of oversimplify this trend when we looking at, what was driven by the change in rates, mainly LIBOR, and what was driven by the change in spreads repricing? How can you kind of -- how can you break up that 4 basis point in terms of the contribution?
David J. Turner: I don't know that I have the specifics in terms of whether it was -- what amount we have for repricing?
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Was it mostly repricing then?
David J. Turner: Most of it would be through repricing.
O. B. Grayson Hall: There's a slight improvement in LIBOR, but I think most of that came from repricing and new loans.
David J. Turner: Tier 1 at the bank -- Tier 1 risk base at the bank is 12.86. And the leverage was 9.7 instead of 9.6.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess the Tier 1 common ratio was in the mid-9s?
David J. Turner: No, 12.7.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I thought that was the Tier 1 risk-base, not the Tier 1 common?
David J. Turner: Yes, that's right. That wouldn't be really applicable, anyway, to the bank, the common.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jefferson Harralson of KBW.
Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. As you guys have talked about the, I guess, the ongoing relationship with Raymond James, can you just talk about the nature of what that venture is and what the revenue stream consists of there?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Jefferson, I think it's a little early to do that. I mean, we have started a very productive relationship and held conversations going on in a number of fronts. Since we've signed a definitive agreement with Raymond James 2 weeks ago, we've had a number of meetings, and we continue to be encouraged about where we think that relationship is going. It's a little early for us to start assigning revenue streams to that today, because clearly, we're still try to define some of that. But I would bring you back to the fact that Morgan Keegan and the associates there, and the leadership team there, has been part of this company since 2001. There's some very strong relationships built there. I'd also remind you that Raymond James has been a long-time customer of the bank, and so we know the leadership team there very well. And we continue to believe that there are future opportunities that are undefined at this point in time, but we fully intend to define those over the next several weeks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A quick question. On the write-downs that you guys took, could you share with us what the dollar amount was for Morgan Keegan? And then in the goodwill impairment charge for ongoing operations, what are the operations for those that was applied to?
David J. Turner: Yes.
O. B. Grayson Hall: David can explain that, but the goodwill calculation is really based off the segment reporting we're doing every quarter.
David J. Turner: Yes, Gerard, I know it seems odd, but the goodwill calculation -- the first half of the goodwill calculation is at the segment level. The segment included primarily Morgan Keegan, what we sold to Raymond James, but excluded trust. And so when we evaluate the whole segment's goodwill, we ended up impairing virtually all of it. Well we did impair all of it. But you have that impairment and allocate that impairment. The allocation of the impairment then has to be made on a relative fair value basis between the discontinued operation and the continuing operation. And that's why you end up having the impairment attributed to continuing. And it looks like it was related to trust; it is not. It's related to the segment.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Speaking of Morgan Keegan, are there any reps and warranties regarding the large producers at Morgan Keegan if they leave before the deal closes? Would that impact the price?
O. B. Grayson Hall: There is a -- if you look at the agreement that was signed, that we filed, you can see that there is a post-closing adjustment language in there that talks about production and retention of large producers. We continue to be very confident that we've got a retention plan in place and enthusiasm in place with the team to hold those producers in place. But that risk is there.
David J. Turner: That risk, Gerard, lasts for 90 days post-closing. And when you read the agreement, you'll see that there was a rep that the buyer put in an appropriate retention plan, on top of the existing retention that existed with the company, to reduce the risk of revenue producers leaving, because they don't want revenue producers leaving. Nor do we. And we think that, that's been taken care of.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And the final question is, when you guys get back to normalcy on earnings and profitability, what type of efficiency ratio do you think you're going to need to get to, to reach that normalcy and profitability?
David J. Turner: We've talked for a while now about wanting to get to into that high '50s, low '60s rate. We actually think that we can do -- be in the 50 range, in that mid to upper 50 range from an efficiency ratio, in time, as certain costs abate, as we continue to do and improve from a revenue standpoint as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fitzsimmons of Sandler O'Neill.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: This is probably for Matt. I just wanted to get any kind of update in your thinking in terms of the timing or what you all have to do to get upgraded back to investment grade status, and the timing of that and then what that would mean for you from a financial standpoint in terms of lifting some drag.
David J. Turner: This is David. I'll take that, Kevin. We've spent a lot of time with rating agencies explaining kind of what our plan has been. We think our continued -- our return to sustainable profitability and our return to credit metrics were critical to getting our ratings stabilized in some cases and working on upgrades in the others. And we think that timing -- and to the extent we can continue to execute on our business plan, our credit continues to improve as we demonstrated through the fourth quarter, that we'd be in position to receive an appropriate adjustment to our ratings. So we clearly can't -- we don't know what the rating agencies will do, when they will do it, but we know the things that we need to do, which is that continued improvement in performance, including improvement in credit metrics.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And this is just more of a housekeeping thing, but your line item within fee income brokerage, investment banking, capital markets, that's a very small amount, obviously, now post-Morgan Keegan. What's left in there? And is that going to be something you continue to break out? Or is that going to be folded within something else going forward?
David J. Turner: Yes, we've looked at that. We'll probably change the title on a go-forward basis, but it's got our capital markets group in there. We do foreign exchange and derivative transactions and hedging things of that nature.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of, I guess, housekeeping questions. First of all, in terms of the Durbin mitigation, you said you certainly plan to mitigate most, if not all, of that. I'm just curious as to the timing of that and if you're getting somewhat faster mitigation than you previously anticipated, given some of the steps that you've already rolled out, that you've discussed earlier in the call.
O. B. Grayson Hall: No. I mean, what we've said is, we will mitigate that revenue loss over time. We do believe that time through 2012 that we will get the majority of that cost mitigated; not entirely, but the majority. We think that, so far, our numbers appear to be tracking where we thought they would. We've had some of the products that we've introduced. They've been slightly more successful than we had anticipated. The conversion from free checking to a fee-eligible checking, our numbers there have been almost spot on of what we had forecasted. So I would say no real surprises. We continue to be slightly ahead of where we had projected from a service charge revenue standpoint, but only slightly. So we still feel confident that our plans are working. And while it's been a challenge, I think that we've met that challenge very well.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just switching gears. In terms of the margin, you mentioned a little bit less than $12 billion of CDs are going to mature. What is your expectation in terms of the percentage of that amount that you will retain?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Matt, a lot of that depends on what our competitors are doing. But we've obviously had -- in total deposits, we've stayed fairly stable. We've been down slightly. But as we've shifted dollars from time deposits into low-cost deposits, we've had a fairly strong retention of the dollars in the bank. But we also -- when you look at maturing CDs, what we've experienced is a retention rate of about 60% to 70% of them stay in a CD or time deposit product, and we don't see that changing in 2012. But obviously, the competitive pressures could change and alter that, but we don't anticipate that at this juncture.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Sure. And then just one question in terms of the environmental costs. You mentioned that you expect that the $300 million that you're currently experiencing in environmental costs should be down a little bit in 2012. And I guess I'm just curious as to how those of us in the outside might get a sense as to the trend. And one way other banks have suggested we might look at that is just the trend in overall OREO amounts. Is that a reasonable proxy for thinking about the pace of the decline in environmental costs for Regions this year?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, I think the way I would look at it if I was trying to find a positive correlation, as I do think assets that are held in OREO are held for sale, as well, as overall asset quality trends would be where I think the correlation on those environmental costs would be at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Ketron of UBS.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a question on the -- a follow-up question on the margin. When you look at the CD rates, if you go back to the first quarter of 2011, which, I think, is one of the higher maturity quarters, we saw the margin jump about 8 basis points and the yield on CDs drop about 20 basis points. Is that -- looking at your maturities and the going-out rate for the CDs in 2012, is it possible to see that kind of similar action? And where do you think the CD rates for the portfolio could ultimately reach?
O. B. Grayson Hall: When you look at roughly $11.6 billion, $11.7 billion in maturities we have for '12, you don't see that abnormally large group of maturities in the first quarter that you saw last year on high rates. It's spread out more evenly this year than what you saw last year, and probably a little more heavy in the second and third quarter than in first.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So is it fair to say, as you think about the margin improvement this year, it would be more of a gradual improvement instead of maybe a large jump?
O. B. Grayson Hall: That's what we were trying to communicate. We believe if they've continued to play out as we see them today, that if they play out that way, that we would see an incremental improvement in our margin over the course of the year. We don't see that being a rapid jump in the first quarter and then leveling out. We think it will be gradual throughout the year. But if you look at our time deposits, we're down to -- just slightly over 20% of our deposit mix is now in-time deposits. We can see that -- we see that percentage continuing to fall throughout 2012.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And what is the new CD rate that you're seeing on average?
O. B. Grayson Hall: It depends on term. Obviously, customer selects the term. But when you look at overall mix, we're probably coming on new CDs probably in a 30 to 35-basis-point range, all in.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And one final question on loan growth. As we play out 2012, you have runoff in areas like investor commercial real estate. Could we expect to see any type of change? We've seen some people commit more mortgage production to the balance sheet. Is that something that you all would consider?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. We continue to revisit that question every month, and certainly could alter that decision if we thought circumstances warranted it. I think the question on how much earning asset growth we have this year is really is just going to depend on what is the pace of decline that we continue to see in investor commercial real estate. We do anticipate that pace of decline to moderate over the course of '12. In terms of balance sheet, we're seeing the assets on the consumer side that we have for the consumer, whether it's in equity line and first residential mortgages, continue to decline roughly $100 million each per month. But if we were to elect to keep more residential first mortgages on the balance sheet, we would actually alter that pace of decline on that particular asset type. But we also are encouraged by some of the growth we're seeing in some of our other products. And so if we can get to the point we're outpacing the decline in Investor Real Estate, we'll have net growth, and that's -- we're looking for that inflection point.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Christopher Marinac of FIG Partners.
Christopher W. Marinac - FIG Partners, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to explore the disclosure you gave about the Business Services on the criticized information, particularly in Investor Real Estate, the improvements on special mention and substandard. What's driving that? And is there anything unusual happening in this quarter that may not be repeated in future quarters?
Barbara Godin: Things are getting better, quite frankly, in that space. But I think part of it is perhaps just the driver bias. Those that have lasted this long are able to last a little bit longer, and they're hanging on to better days. I think we saw the early fallout, and that's been a lot of what we've seen in the last couple of years. In terms of our charge-offs, there are things moving to criticized and classified. But we again -- we're seeing just an overall improvement in that sector right now.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, and Chris, I'd also say, when you look at, the most troubled part of our portfolio has been in land, single-family and condo. And if you look in our release, you'll see that's down to about $1.8 billion. And so in that -- to Barb's point, that exposure's now reduced, and those borrowers have made it this far. I would tell you also, in certain geographies, we're seeing geographies that have been pretty stressed throughout this cycle starting to turn in much better numbers. So it's just where we are in the cycle, quite frankly.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Hall for closing remarks.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, thank you for your time and interest in Regions Financial. We certainly appreciate it and respect it. So thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Lusco -  Barbara Godin - Chief Credit Officer, Executive Vice President and Head of Credit Operations - Regions Bank O. B. Grayson Hall - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer of Regions Bank, President of Regions Bank and Director of Regions Bank M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations David J. Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of the Executive Council, President of Central Region, Chief Financial Officer of Regions Bank and Senior Executive Vice President of Regions Bank
Analysts: Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Unknown Analyst -  Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's quarterly earnings call. My name is Melissa, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. List Underwood: Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation on our call. Our presenters today are our President and Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner; and also available to answer questions this morning are Matt Lusco, our Chief Risk Officer; and Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer. As part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. With that said, let me remind you that in this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are not based on historical information, but rather are related to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Those statements are based on general assumptions and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the views, beliefs and projections expressed in such statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found on our forward-looking statement that is located in the appendix of the presentation. Now that we have all of that covered, I will turn it over to our President and CEO, Grayson Hall.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, List, and welcome, everyone, to Regions' third quarter earnings conference call. The third quarter results provide additional evidence that our disciplined efforts are paying off, that we are successfully executing our business plans as we deliver another quarter of progress. Regions earned $101 million or $0.08 per diluted share this quarter. Adjusted pretax pre-provision income rose to $540 million, up 19% year-over-year and the highest level in more than 3 years, demonstrating ongoing improvement in our core business performance.  Further, adjusted pretax pre-provision income exceeded the loan loss provision for the second consecutive quarter, which is critical to Regions' achieving sustainable profitability. Although results met our expectations and demonstrated incremental progress, signs of a weakening economic recovery and reduced consumer and business confidence began to surface during the third quarter, causing us to take an increasingly cautious and disciplined stance on credit quality. This environment led to a $200 million linked quarter rise in gross non-performing loans, inflows largely driven by investor real estate credits. David will provide much more detail, but it's important to note that 63% of these gross inflows were still current and performing as agreed. Our credit metrics showed improvement linked quarter as total non-performing assets declined 6%. Net charge-offs decreased 7%. Business Services' criticized loans fell 8%, and delinquencies, both early and late stage, improved.  While we remain cautious given the current uncertain economic backdrop, we do expect credit costs to resume their downward trend in the fourth quarter and credit quality metrics overall to continue to improve. Our investor real estate exposure continued to decline this quarter with total outstandings down $4 billion or 25% thus far this year. Within this portfolio, construction loans are down 48% so far this year. I'm particularly pleased with the progress we're continuing to make in fundamentally improving Regions' business model, both from the standpoint of generating profitable revenue streams and enhancing productivity. Our ongoing focus on customer needs and superior customer service has enabled us to grow adjusted revenue to 1% year-to-date versus prior year despite greater economic and regulatory challenges. At the same time, we have focused on controlling the expenses, as evidenced by a 3% decline in year-to-date adjustment noninterest expenses versus the prior year.  In the third quarter, we generated $14.7 billion in new or renewed loan commitments. In Business Services, loan production totaled a solid $12.5 billion, down linked quarter but stable year-over-year. Commercial and industrial loan growth remained strong, with ending balances up 3% linked quarter and nearly 13% higher from that a year ago. Importantly, commitments increased approximately 3% during the quarter, and line utilization rose to 43%. Middle market C&I lending, particularly specialized industries such as energy, healthcare and franchise restaurant, continue to drive the growth. We do expect commercial loan growth to continue even as economic uncertainty weighs on customer confidence, which does have a moderating effect on investment by businesses. While we are seeing incremental pricing competition, especially in the middle market space, our relationship banking approach and brand differentiation has, for the most part, mitigated this impact. Our spreads remained above those experienced prior to the recession. On the consumer front, loan production totaled $2.2 billion in the quarter, a 7% increase over the prior quarter led by higher mortgage and credit card production. Looking specifically at mortgage production, this quarter's low rates resulted in solid origination volumes totaling $1.5 billion or 9% higher than the prior quarter. Additionally, indirect auto lending provided a steady source of loan growth with balances up 4% on a linked quarter basis. Demand for home equity lines and loans remained low. As a result, this portfolio continues to decline at a pace of $90 million to $100 million per month. Customer deleveraging continues to affect overall consumer loan balances as runoffs exceed new production. Efforts to improve funding mix and cost continue to produce good results in the third quarter as well, as deposit costs declined another 7 basis points, total average deposits were stable linked quarter, with average low-cost deposits growing 2% linked quarter, we continue to see the opportunity to further reduce deposit costs, most significantly through properly repricing maturing CDs. Of which, they declined this quarter 22% of total deposits. As a result, we will likely continue to observe a favorable shift in deposit mix and a further reduction in funding costs. Notably from September 30 of this year to the end of next year, approximately $13.1 billion of CDs are scheduled to mature. These CDs on average carry an interest rate of 1.54%, which compares to expectations in the current rate environment for average rates in new CDs coming on at a 25 to 40 basis point range. One other important note this quarter on deposits is according to the latest FDIC summary of deposits report, Regions maintained its #1 market share in Alabama, Tennessee and Mississippi, and also maintained a position of fourth or better in Florida, Arkansas and Louisiana. This was achieved despite our efforts to reduce our CD portfolio and lower deposit costs 26 basis points during the same time period. Despite economic, legislative and regulatory challenges adjusted non-interest revenues were down only 1% linked quarter and stable year-over-year. Relationship banking, not single one-time transactions, are at the core of our business plans. We are making steady progress in deepening and expanding customer relationships with strong cross sell of products. We are continuing to adapt our product line to meet our customers' changing needs while maintaining a best-in-class customer service. Credit card revenues, including increased branch card sales, are already benefiting from our credit card portfolio purchase late in the second quarter. We expect benefits to increase further once we assume servicing in portfolio next year, and we increase our focus and intention on cross-sell efforts in our branch offices. I've mentioned implementation of the Durbin Amendment on October 1. This has presented the industry and Regions with another financial hurdle in growing fee revenues. While we have already begun to implement plans to mitigate the estimated $170 million annual impact, and between changes to our checking account, fee structure and other new revenue initiatives that we have implemented in the second half of this year, we do expect to make up this revenue shortfall over time during the balance of 2012.  Improving productivity and efficiency is another key element of our business plan, and we have continued to make progress on this front end of the third quarter. We're fundamentally changing our cost culture, continuously seeking opportunities to improve and control efficiency while still making appropriate investments to enhance our competitive position and remain a superior service provider. Year-to-date, our headcount is down 1,000 positions with further reductions expected by the end of the year. Also it's occupancy expenses are declining as we have eliminated approximately 1 million square feet of excess space in the company this year. Our capital continues to build as we generate earnings with our Tier 1 common ratio at 8.2% as of September 30.  And let me mention one other item before I turn it over to David. As you know, we are reviewing strategic alternatives for Morgan Keegan. We're not in position to comment on this further today, but I can tell you that we're making good progress. Progress is on schedule and in line with our expectations. And we would do expect to have more say on this issue in the very near future.  I'll now turn it over to David who will provide you with additional financial details for the quarter. After which, I'll come back for a few closing comments before we take questions. David?
David J. Turner: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin with a summary of our third quarter 2011 results beginning on Slide 3. Overall, our results reflect stable revenue, lower expenses and improved loan loss provisions. Earnings per share totaled $0.08, and net income available to common shareholders amounted to $101 million. Adjusted PPI amounted to $540 million, an 8% increase versus prior quarter. Within PPI, total revenue was down 1% linked quarter, and the net interest margin declined 3 basis points to 3.02%. However, non-interest expenses, adjusted for the prior quarter's branch consolidation and other property charges, were down 5% sequentially, reflecting a decline in FDIC premiums, as well as a reduction in salaries and benefits expense. Let's now take a detailed look at credit quality trends beginning with nonperforming loan inflows. As shown on Slide 4, inflows of nonperforming loans rose $200 million linked quarter to $755 million. This quarter's increase was primarily driven by the Land/Condo/Single Family and income-producing Investor Real Estate portfolios. However, it is important to note that 63% of this quarter's inflows were current and paying as agreed. In addition, as shown on the right side of the slide, 45% or over $1 billion of the September 30 total Business Services nonperforming loans were current and paying as agreed, a 3 percentage point increase versus the prior quarter. Turning to Slide 5. Non-performing loans, excluding loans held for sale declined $74 million or 3%, and non-performing assets decreased 6%. This quarter, we executed a strategic sales of problem assets totaling $660 million. Additionally, we moved $384 million of problem loans to held for sale. Early and late-stage credit indicators again demonstrated improvement, with total delinquencies declining 7%. Additionally, Business Services criticized loans were down approximately $595 million or 8% from second quarter's level and have declined $3.3 billion since this period last year. Despite the challenging economic backdrop, we expect overall credit trends to continue to improve. The $1.2 billion increase in accruing troubled debt restructurings, or TDRs, reflects this quarter's new accounting guidance. Importantly, this change has no material impact to our allowance. In fact, commercial and Investor Real Estate loans modified as TDRs increased the allowance for loan losses by less than $20 million. Moving on to Slide 6. Third quarter's net charge-offs were impacted by the disposition activity discussed earlier. Net charge-offs associated with this activity totaled $198 million. However, markdowns on the disposed assets had largely been provided for earlier in our loan loss allowance. Net charge-offs totaled $511 million and exceeded the loan loss provision by $156 million, marking the second consecutive quarter we have provided less than charge-offs. Excluding net charge-offs related to this quarter's disposition activity, net charge-offs were down 8% linked quarter. Our loan loss allowance for non-performing loan coverage was 109% at September 30, while our loan loss allowance to net loans totaled 3.73%. Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 7 breaks down this quarter's change in loans and loan yields. Average loans declined less than 1% linked quarter, with declines in Investor Real Estate offsetting healthy C&I growth and second quarter's credit card portfolio purchase. The aggregate loan yield increased 4 basis points compared with prior quarter to 4.31%, and was driven by our credit card portfolio. We believe there are attractive opportunities to grow this portfolio over time as currently, only 1 out of 10 of our customers has a Regions credit card. On the Business Services front, we continue to see strength in the commercial and industrial loan portfolio with average and ending loans up 12.4% and 12.9% from one year ago, respectively. Demand continues to be broad based as we experienced increases in 55% of our markets. Total commercial and industrial commitments rose $700 million linked quarter, ending the quarter at $28.7 billion, and line utilization increased to 43.3%, which still remains below our historical levels. We continue to make progress in derisking our Investor Real Estate portfolio as well. Over the past year, we have reduced this portfolio by 32%, and it now comprises only 15% of our total loan portfolio, down from nearly 21% one year ago. Moving on to deposits. As noted on Slide 8, average and ending deposits were both stable linked quarter, driven by our strength in gathering low cost deposits, particularly noninterest-bearing deposits, offset by reductions in our time deposits. Average time deposits declined $1.1 billion during the third quarter. As a result, average low cost deposits, as a percentage of total deposits, have risen from 73.5% in the third quarter of 2010 compared to 77.8% this quarter. This positive mix shift led to another 7 basis points decline in third quarter total deposit cost to 46 basis points, which is down 24 basis points since the third quarter of 2010.  Our shift in funding mix to low cost deposits is also favorably impacting total funding costs, which declined another 5 basis points to 75 basis points. As was mentioned earlier in the call, we will continue to benefit from the repricing of maturing CDs. Much of this benefit will come in the latter half of 2012, but we do have to $2.4 billion of CDs maturing in the fourth quarter of 2011, which carry an average rate of 1.32%. Turning to Slide 9. Taxable equivalent net interest income declined $6 million, with the resulting net interest margins declining 3 basis points to 3.02%. This quarter's drop was due to higher levels of prepayments and the resulting negative impact on investment portfolio yields, along with a larger impact from cash reserves at the Federal Reserve. Recent changes to the Fed's large-scale asset purchase program, or Operation Twist, among other reasons, resulted in a sharp decline in long-term interest rates. This in turn led to higher prepayment rates, causing an increase in premium amortization on mortgage-backed securities. Since long-term interest rates declined in the latter half of the quarter, we do expect prepayments to increase in the fourth quarter as they typically lag a couple of months. The major drivers of the outlook continue to be the levels of long-term interest rates, which drive prepayment and reinvestment rates in the investment and mortgage portfolios. However, barring any significant moves from here, we expect the net interest margin will remain stable through 2012. Let's now shift gears and look at non-interest revenue on Slide 10. Excluding securities transactions and leverage lease terminations, third quarter non-interest revenue amounted to $748 million, down 1% sequentially but unchanged year-over-year. Third quarter's non-interest revenue reflected higher mortgage revenues and stable service charges offset by a decline in brokerage, capital markets and in banking -- in investment banking revenues. Mortgage revenue was positively impacted by third quarter's decline in interest rates. Origination volume rose 9% as customers took advantage of historically low rates. Service charge income remained strong due to the ongoing restructuring of our checking accounts to fee eligible and an increase in spending activity, lifting debit card revenue. Incremental debit card usage has driven an 11% increase in total transactions year-to-date, resulting in 13% higher interchange income. We have already begun mitigating loss interchange income through account changes, implementation of fees and new products and services for our customers. Brokerage, investment banking and capital markets income was down, reflecting pressure from greater market volatility during the quarter. Turning to expenses on Slide 11. Non-interest expense declined 5% linked quarter, excluding the prior quarter's branch consolidations and property and equipment charges. The key drivers of this quarter's improvement were a $32 million reduction in salaries and benefits expense and a $25 million reduction in FDIC premiums. Now going forward, we currently expect FDIC premium expense to be approximately $50 million a quarter. Partially offsetting these are credit-related expenses, which include other real estate expense, net gains and losses from sales of loans in our held for sale bucket, and credit-related personnel costs increased $8 billion and accounted for 9% of third quarter's adjusted non-interest expenses. Over time, a significant amount of credit-related costs should be eliminated. Additionally, we reduced headcount another 1% in the third quarter, resulting in a 3% year-to-date reduction. We will continue to focus on driving expense savings without sacrificing investment opportunities or compromising high service levels our customers have come to expect and deserve at Regions. Slide 12 provides a snapshot of our solid capital ratios and favorable liquidity position. Tier 1 common increased to 8.2%, and our Tier 1 ratio stands at 12.8%. Liquidity at both the bank and the holding company remains solid with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 83% and cash held at Federal Reserve totaled approximately $6 billion.  Overall, this quarter's results shall continued to progress. We are improving our core business performance, reducing our credit risk and further strengthening our balance sheet. Now let me turn it back over to Grayson for his closing remarks.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, David. While Regions continues to face some headwinds, we have a business plan in place that we believe will enable us to achieve sustainable performance and ensure attractive long-term returns for shareholders. And importantly, we are successfully executing our plan as demonstrated by our third quarter's results. We can't control the economic environment, but we are focused on those factors we can control. At Regions, we made it our priority to keep focused on our customers. To illustrate this, let me point out that approximately 80% of our associates are customer-facing, out in the field, in our branch offices, focusing on winning our customers' respect and loyalty, taking market share and profitably growing our business one customer at the time.  We are building sustainable profitability by diversifying and expanding our revenue streams and controlling our operating expenses. We are quickly adapting our product offerings and services to be more innovative and to compensate for the negative impacts from legislative changes, as well as customers' changing needs and expectations. We are enhancing enterprise-wide risk management by derisking our balance sheet, maintaining pricing discipline and prudently managing our capital. Perhaps lost in the market turmoil is just how far Regions has come in the past few years. Let me highlight a few examples. Investor Real Estate portfolio has been reduced by almost $14 billion. Our loan loss allowance at $3 billion today is over 2x higher than it was just in 2007, and our Tier 1 common ratio has increased 150 basis points. And today, we're core funded, attributing to a 25% increase in low cost deposits. We are clearly a much stronger franchise today, and we are profitably moving forward. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Rob Placet from Matt's team. First question, just on your outlook for credit quality. You mentioned you expect overall credit trends to continue to improve from here. As we think about NPA levels, how should we think about non-accrual inflows from here versus additional asset dispositions?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Rob, obviously, we're facing a challenging economic backdrop. But as we said in our comments, we do believe that as we look forward, we'll continue to see a favorable trend in our credit metrics. I'll just stop there and ask Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer to make a few comments on that regard.
Barbara Godin: If you look at our early late stage delinquencies, our late stage criticized classified again there, they're all down. So that too was to suggest that we're seeing a little bit of stability. But as Grayson has mentioned, we are obviously tied to what we're seeing in the economy. As we think about the inflows that we've seen this quarter, a lot of the inflows is adjusted 52% repaying current and as agreed, but it was based on conversations from our customers that they're seeing some of the trends in the overall economy softening. Based on those conversations, we went ahead and had moved those to the nonperforming loan status. All that on the non-performing asset side, however, were going to continue to dispose of assets. You saw that we've closed $660 million this quarter. We moved an additional $384 million into held for sale for disposal next quarter. So we're going to continue with our aggressive derisking.
Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And just to follow up on your asset disposition this quarter, I think the market took on the loans, it was around 20% this quarter, which compared to around 30% last quarter. So just a question on what drove the decline? Is it a difference in the type of assets you sold or is it a pickup in interest on the buyer's side?
Barbara Godin: No, what we actually saw, Rob, is that we had roughly a -- the old 10% liquidity over and above what we would've reserved the loans for. So we really didn't see a big difference in that. We did saw a lot more of the smaller amounts. If you take our average loan size we sold this quarter, it was under $1 million. If you look at -- compared to a year ago, it was $3 million on average in terms of the size of loans we sold. We're getting a lot more granular.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Demba of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Jennifer H. Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Can you just talk about -- give us some any more color you can on the higher inflows of problem loans this quarter versus the second quarter? I know you gave us the categories that it was mostly coming from, but can you give us any more color that you can?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Jennifer, I would say that really, the composition of the inflows from second to third quarter really haven't changed that much. It's still the same relative to the same mix. We continue to have dialogue with our customers in terms of both capacity to repay and commitment to repay. We've had a number of those kinds of dialogues. Obviously, we have a continuous credit review process. And as we come to the quarter, we have identified certain credits that we felt like that it was prudent to move to a non-performing status. It's up slightly from -- as you've seen, from the second quarter, but we've sort of said all along, there's going to be some level of volatility in this. Obviously, as the economy softens, some of our customer confidence is softened as well. That being said, as we pointed out earlier in the presentation, there is a higher percentage of these loans paying as agreed, than what we've seen in the second quarter, and our overall nonperforming loan days continues to have yet even a higher level of paying as agreed. Barb, anything you'd want to add to that -- the mix?
Barbara Godin: No, I think youve hit on all the major points. Again, if you look at the migration that we had, it really was -- for the vast majority did come from our Investor Real Estate portfolio, which we all have agreed will be lumpy as we come out of the current economic climate that we're in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jefferson Harralson of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I have kind of a broad question. I'm trying to see if you can figure out, if you can keep your pretax pre-provision earnings fairly stable here. Along those lines, a big piece of that will be the margin and I was a little surprised you gave flat margin guidance given that you've got so much firepower in the margin, I suppose from potential better credit or potential use of liquidity. But do you think that you can keep your pretax pre-provision earnings fairly stable even if loans continue to shrink a little bit here?
David J. Turner: Yes, this is David. In terms of if we look at margin clearly having this interest rate environment that we're in, very volatile environment on the loan side, causes us to reinvest our cash at lower rate environment, which puts pressure on our margins. That being said, we've been able to hold that margin because of our benefit we receive on the deposit side of the house as we continue to reprice maturing CDs. So I think being able to hold that from a loan standpoint, we have had a nice growth in our C&I loan bucket. We have offset that on a net basis with the continued derisking in Investor Real Estate, which we think will slow the decline of that will slow somewhat in the fourth quarter. So we feel good about being able to maintain that margin. Now we do have $6 billion of cash at the Federal Reserve, theyre paying 25 basis points today that is pretty conservative from a liquidity standpoint as our ratings continue. If we can get our ratings to improve, then we can be less defensive with that cash and get it invested on a more efficient basis. So we have some upside and we're not calling that right now, perhaps when we get the rating changed, we will have further progression in the margin.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Jefferson, this is Grayson. I think that when you look at the margin, we have guided to a stable margin. There are obviously some opportunities for upside to that as there is for downside. But I would say that the deposits, when we look at our cost of deposits, there's an opportunity there for improvement to the margins on the loan side, as we're repricing loans, we went into this cycle with a relatively small percentage of our loans fixed versus variable. So we're not having a repricing pressure, most of our repricing is actually to our advantage at this juncture in the cycle. Where most of our pressure on margins is going to come from is from the investment portfolio. And depending on which rates -- which way rates go over the near-term is really going to drive how much pressure that we'll actually receive from that front. And the fourth element is the effort to provide more favorable refinancing opportunities for residential mortgage holders and what level of prepayments does that result in. Because as you'll recall, our investment portfolio is very heavy in mortgage-backed securities.
Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Yes. I think David may have partially answered this, but do you think that the balance sheet can stay around this same size next year? Or do you think it should shrink a little bit as you continue running off the run-off portfolio?
David J. Turner: Yes, I think that, if you kind of look on a net basis, it's going to be driven largely by the economy and how strong that is for us to continue the C&I growth, which has been a great driver of offsetting the decline. We've been declining that Investor Real Estate portfolio about $1.5 billion each quarter, and we've had great growth in C&I. So the question is how long will the economy kind of hang in there where our C&I can continue to move along. But we do see a slowdown, as I mentioned earlier in Investor Real Estate. So we'll have to see how those 2 work themselves out over the long haul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about the outlook for the reserve level longer term? And how you think about that right now just as you're still seeing the ability to release reserves here in the coming quarters?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Okay. Matt Lusco, Chief Risk Officer. Matt, would you answer that?
Matthew Lusco: I'll be glad to. Our allowance level, we believe is at about 109% I guess of our non-performings right now. And as you've seen, we've been able to under provide our charge-offs for 2 quarters in a row now. We believe that we're seeing some shift in our loss given default in our model. But we believe that's offset by a lower probability of default as we kind of continue to work through some of the things. That being said, I think we are in the back -- latter half of this credit cycle, and I think you'll kind of see the trends that we've shown with our allowance levels, at our provision levels continuing into future quarters.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think we've been pretty disciplined in our allowance process. We've strengthened that process over time, and we're going to stay very disciplined in how we execute that. We've been conservatively modest in what we've done over the last 2 quarters, and I think you can continue to see the conservatism come through in our actions. But we're going to let our methodology and our disciplines drive the results of that. And as Matt said, we are seeing a forecast of more favorable trend, but with maybe a slower pace than we would have seen 90 days ago.
John G. Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then my follow-up will be on the loan growth. You mentioned that you're seeing, impressively -- you're actually seeing loan yields hold up, particularly on your new loan growth largely concentrated in commercial. Can you just give us some color on those new yields? What yields are your new commercial loan generation coming on at?
David J. Turner: Let me answer it this way, John. We have seen pricing pressure clearly in the upper end of the middle market portfolio. That being said, spreads are still better than some of the earlier years. I think that a lot of folks also want to grow C&I, and we see the pricing pressure coming through that. We want to maintain our discipline in this environment because we want to make sure loans that go on the books have the right risk-adjusted return. And we will not go in and put low spread product on our books just to grow the loan portfolio. We've been able to use our relationship with our customers as our predominant sales tactic, and that relationship allows you to maintain the spreads that we started with. So I think all in, we should be able to maintain those spreads. The question would be, what does the economy give us for actual loan growth in that type of competitive environment.
O. B. Grayson Hall: And John, most of that pricing pressure really come from the upper end of C&I. Lower end of C&I, middle market and small business lending that pricing competition has been substantially less. But that being said, we're doing comparative pricing with third parties. We sort of know we're at from a spread standpoint. And I would say we have seen that spread compression in the upper end of C&I, but still above historical level. And we're very comfortable with where we're pricing today and the discipline we're using in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I know we're not going to be able to talk about timeframes of either Morgan Keegan or eventual -- potential TARP pegs here, but I just wanted to ask you to go through with us, what things you need as far as markers or the glide path, I guess, as you're thinking through getting Morgan Keegan completed one way or the other and then starting to think about eventual TARP repayment.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Ken, we really are not in position to comment on our strategic review with Morgan Keegan this morning, and we hope that those -- that commentaries forthcoming in the near future, but as of this morning, we're not in position nor should we attempt to comment on that today. And our strategy on TARP repayment really has not altered. We still are being patient and prudent in that regard. We believe we're doing the things necessary to put us in position to be able to do that at the appropriate time and really no change in that regard.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up question, just regard to the remaining risks left on the balance sheet, you mentioned that you'd expect dispositions to slow in the context of continuing to see asset quality improvement. But can you just give us some color on where you still see the opportunities to dispose of assets in the portfolio and related to our side to that, obviously, there wasn't a big improvement -- a big increase in the TDRs, which you had put forth to us in the 10-Q, but the magnitude is still pretty big. So can you just remind us again like what the reserves are already against the TDR book as they've already been migrated through the portfolio?
Matthew Lusco: This is Matt Lusco. As David stated earlier, the disclosure of incremental TDRs is consistent with the new literature really did not materially in any way change our allowance composition on that. But I'll tell you that as been said, we continue to see, in terms of all of our non-performing book, we did continue to see a higher percentage of paying as agreed, which we do believe provides us with a higher level of opportunity to dispose of those assets, where we continue, as Barb said, to be aggressive in looking at our derisking activities, our higher content loss in Land/Condo/Single Family as just slight at little north of $2 billion. That's the segment we've continued to try and work down by derisking activities, and I think we'll continue to be just as aggressive as we can on that. It varies market to market. We see better opportunities in some of the larger metro market than we do in others. But we do continue to -- that is a critical part of our plans, and we're working it as aggressively as we can.
O. B. Grayson Hall: This is Grayson. I'll just add to Matt's comments, as Barb had said earlier, our stressed loan portfolio is getting more granular in nature, and these loans are in a smaller denomination than what we've seen a year ago substantially. And we do still have many interested buyers, and we are still able to dispose of assets at economic positions that makes sense. We haven't seen a lot of change in that. Obviously, the valuations are still under pressure in many markets, and we have to adjust to that in each and every month. But so far, our strategy remains intact, and we're still executing that strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The first question I had is a follow-up to Ken's question and is for Barb. And I apologize in advance, that this will probably be a compound question. With regards to the additional $1 billion of Investor Real Estate TDRs that were identified under the new accounting policy, could you tell us specifically what in the change in accounting guidelines caused you to reclassify this? What composition of this billion is income producing today? And what in your restructuring or the way you restructured these notes, gives you confidence that you don't need to further provide for this $1 billion?
Barbara Godin: Okay. The literature itself suggested that when you do a renewal, you need to ensure that you obtain a market rate because these loans are substandard in nature, which means they have a deficiency that we have noted. That brings that into question what is the appropriate market rate, and we don't believe that, that is an easy number to find. We believe that we would be talking something probably double digits. So on the majority of these credits that weve gone ahead and renewed -- we have gone ahead and renewed them for increased interest rates in many instances or even additional collateral support. But clearly, we're not able to get ourselves comfortable with that. We would go ahead and make a substandard loan today at any rate. And that's really that defining factors is that we won't go ahead and put new substandard loans on the book. So by definition, all loans that are in the Investor Real Estate portfolio that we are renewing that are substandard, will be considered as troubled debt restructures and again, that's what led to the increase in the TDRs. But as Matt and Grayson and others have pointed out, as we think about our reserving methodology, these have all been generally reserved for. As we said, it was less than the $20 million in tax all in, as we lift it with the impact of our TDRs were. So we're feeling comfortable with our process, number one. And then number two, as we continue with an ongoing dialogue with our customers, which really is ongoing, it's not stop and start. We're able to look forward and say, there will be a number of these credits and in due course will be restructured, and they are no longer considered as a substandard loan, they get back to a profited category. And at that time, we would hope they will come out of the TDR status.
David J. Turner: Let me add one thing to that. The TDR designation is an accounting matter. And as Barb mentioned, it does not have anything to do with how we calculate our reserves. These aren't restructurings, the bulk of which you saw the increase were not restructurings, they were renewals in ordinary course. And so as you look at the TDR, the disclosures, and youre going to see a lot of disclosures going through 10-Q, the better disclosures that we have are the criticized and classified loans and the reserves related to that, and that really gets back to Ken, your question that you had earlier if you're still on, reserves with TDRs. You need to look at the criticized and classifieds, and that's some better information available out there.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful. And just as a follow-up, could you, I guess, give us a sense of -- on how much of the total accruing TDRs are income producing? And also during the renewal process, if you get updated appraisals during renewal?
Barbara Godin: I'll answer the second part of the question, which is we do get updated appraisals as we do our renewals. We have a pretty standard process around that, and we've ensure, Erika, that we keep our tenders short of bills. So generally, what we've done is it has been a strategy of ours is to keep the tenders short to make sure that the renewals is done in one year increments that we may stay close to the customer, close to their financial situation versus renewing something for a 2 or 3-year period, which you could actually lose sight.
O. B. Grayson Hall: This is Grayson. A point Barb made is important to note, I mean, at the beginning of the cycle, we made a very conscious decision to start reducing our tender. And most of our -- as a big percentage of our commercial real estate loans did all the tenant in one year. And so, when these loans come up for renewal, to David's point, when we look at TDRs as an accounting designation, and we looked at we're renewing a credit that we've got risk rated substandard, then the first question is, is it a substandard loan? Yes or no? If it is, then you have to ask yourself the question on the literature, what is the correct market rate that you would do that loan at. And if you would look historically, most of the loans moving into a TDR status were restructured. In our case, it would be predominantly consumer mortgages that we have made some sort of concession on that moved in there. On the commercial side, it's was really the restructures that we had done in an A B note methodology. But today, under the current literature, you're going to see renewals, where renewals go in, and if it's substandard and we can't define a market rate, then by definition, it's going to get designated as a TDR.
David J. Turner: Just to let you know, you asked how much is in TDR related Investor Real Estate. The total is about $1.5 billion.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess my question was income producing versus still in construction phase.
David J. Turner: Yes, we'll have to get back with you. We don't have that breakdown in front of us.
O. B. Grayson Hall: But Erika, I would mention, I guess out of our total Investor Commercial Real Estate portfolio, construction now just comprises slightly over $1 billion of the entire portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran of Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess just more broadly on credit, one of the issues. It feels like everyone is trying to get their arms around is for the past 2 years, 3 years, it's been easy to explain why you have more credit issues than the average bank because you were heavy in real estate and you were heavy in the Southeast. And now that we all see a lot of the real estate heavy banks improving at a faster and more consistent rate. And we see some of your Southeast peers improving at a faster and more consistent rate, I guess when you go through the same process of benchmarking, why do you think your credit is slower to improve at this point in the cycle than some of your peers?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Clearly, when you look at our portfolio, we went into this with cash attrition in the Southeast, and in particular in Florida and Georgia, which had been some of the more stressed markets in the country. But certainly, in our footprint, the most stressed. And clearly, when you're seeing improvement, with questions -- the pace of improvement and the consistency of improvement, we continue to work through the challenges we have in the portfolio. The progress is being made. That being said, the pace of economic recovery in the markets we're operating in, in large part are going to drive the recovery of our customers. We're working through it. You're seeing improvements month after month, quarter after quarter, but it's incremental, this juncture. Obviously, we would love to see a faster pace and are taking actions to accelerate that on our own balance sheet. But in the absence of real economic recovery, this is going to be slower than we had anticipated. Barb?
Barbara Godin: Brian, the other thing that I would add is that as I look at what did come into the migration for the non-performing loans for this quarter. Between the Atlanta, Sandy Springs area and Miami that accounted for 22% of the inflow. So I would consider those to be our most stressed markets, clearly the rest of our markets as you look in terms of the percentage that they provided on the NPL migration in, was not great, but those 2 markets themselves drove, as I said, the 22% of the inflow. And it really speaks to what's happening with valuation and just the soft economy in both Atlanta and Miami that continues.
David J. Turner: I'll add one thing too. This is David. In terms of acknowledging that we have the credit that you laid out, that's why we have a $3 billion loan loss reserve, which is 3.7%, 3% of the total loans, which is higher than most as well.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: That's all extremely helpful. And if I can follow-up the Atlanta and Miami -- can you remind us, I mean, assuming most of those inflows are in Atlanta and Miami Investor Real Estate, how much Investor Real Estate is there left in those 2 markets?
Barbara Godin: Well I don't have that number off the top of my head. Again, we can get back to you on that.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We'll get back to you. We don't have that with us this morning.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Great. And then if I could sneak in one last one. How significant is the roll-off of swaps next year? And is that factored into the outlook for kind of a flattish NIM going forward?
David J. Turner: In total, which is factored already into my comment that we should be able to maintain the stable margin, but if you kind of broke it apart -- the pieces apart, you'll be in that 7 to 8 basis point range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Couple of questions, one on the asset sales that you did this quarter. Can you give us a sense as to where you ended up marking them relative to what they were on the books for?
Barbara Godin: Yes, we did a couple of bulk sales of smaller loans. And again, with or within that 10%, again, I would call that the liquidity premium on the bulk sales. On the balance of the sales that we did, we were right on where our marks were.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And did that at all factor into NCOs or is that embedded within the expenses?
Barbara Godin: No, that would be again, as we move them into held for sale, they show up in the net charge-off line. When they're in held for sale, they would show up as an expense. When we sell them out of held for sales, and we sold a total of $660 million overall, of which coming out of held for sale, we sold $244 million of the non-performing and a further $163 million of accruing loans. OREO sales this quarter were $146 million.
David J. Turner: I would add that our experience continues to be pretty consistent over this year with our derisking activities that we really have. As Barb said that 10% liquidity discount has just been what's flowed through, beyond a levels of marks and allowance weve already provided.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Predictability and consistency in marks has just gotten much better as this cycle has gone along.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And so on a Q-on-Q basis, the impact into the NCR ratio is fairly flat or it's a little bit lighter? Is that right?
O. B. Grayson Hall: Our net charge-off percentage is slightly elevated by the derisking activity. If you really take out the derisking activities and looked at more of a normal flow of streams, we'd be down from 250 to more like 170 or so.
David J. Turner: Betsy, if you try to get it from each quarter, that liquidity discounts been about the same and we actually have dispositions in each of the quarter transfers roughly close to the same numbers. So it's flattish when you look at the provision component of that.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just separately, and it might be too early to answer this question, but I just wanted to get it out there, the FHFA did announce yesterday some new program guidelines around HARP? And it sounded like investor properties were going to be eligible. They're talking about small numbers, maybe doubling the size of the program under the new guidelines. I'm wondering if you've taken a look at that to the degree that, that might be helpful or impactful for you?
David J. Turner: We did. This is David. We looked at some rough numbers to see what that might impact us. There's been, you've seen all kinds of numbers in terms of how many mortgages that might affect, maybe 1 million mortgages. For us, we think that number, in terms of prepayment exposures that we would have would be in the range for a period of $20 million to $40 million perhaps.
Operator: Your final question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Unknown Analyst - : This is Steve joining in for Gerard. I just got one question on the NPL inflows. You guys had 63% that was current and paying. Do you know if that's consistent with the last couple of quarters?
O. B. Grayson Hall: It's higher.
Barbara Godin: It's higher than the last few quarters. 48% last quarter, and it's been tracking up each and every quarter as we've gone along. So as you look at just really quickly, as you look at the third quarter, again, overall non-performing loan portfolio, 45% paying as agreed, last quarter 42%; a year ago, 36%. So you can see it's been tracking up incrementally every quarter.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Hall for closing remarks.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, thank you, everyone, for their time and attention today. We very much appreciate it. Hoped that we answered some of your questions, and we will stand adjourned. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of the Executive Council, President of Central Region, Chief Financial Officer of Regions Bank and Senior Executive Vice President of Regions Bank O. Hall - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer of Regions Bank, President of Regions Bank and Director of Regions Bank Barb Godin - EVP and Consumer Credit Executive M. Underwood - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. L. Erika Penala Christopher Gamaitoni  Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners, LLC Christopher Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corp. Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Melissa, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. Underwood: Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation in our call this morning. Our presenters today are our President and Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner; and also here and available to answer questions is Matt Lusco, our Chief Risk Officer; and Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer. As part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. With that said, let me remind you that in this call, we may make forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are not based on historical information, but rather are related to future operations, strategies, financial results and other developments. Those statements are based on general assumptions and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the views, beliefs and projections expressed in such statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found on our forward-looking statement that is located in the appendix of the presentation.  With that said, let me now turn it over to our President, CEO, Grayson Hall.
O. Hall: Thank you, List, and good morning, to all participants. We appreciate your time and interest, and welcome everyone to Regions Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. I'll begin today's call by covering highlights and business results, then David Turner will provide additional details on the financials a little later. Regions second quarter 2011 results further demonstrate that we are executing our business plans and making substantial progress. Regions earned $55 million or $0.04 per diluted share, marking the third consecutive quarter of profitability. Core business performance continued to improve as core pretax pre-provision net revenue rose to $500 million, the highest level since the third quarter of 2008. We continued to see improvement in quality loan demand as we originated $16.7 billion in new or renewed loans and commitments, a 26% increase from first quarter's 2011, $13.3 billion.  Credit related costs, which include our loan loss provision, OREO expense and held-for-sale losses declined to a 2-year low or an estimated $0.22 per share after tax. Additionally, Morgan Keegan reached a settlement with the SEC, FINRA and state regulators that financial impact on second quarter earnings related to the $210 million settlement was a $44 million tax benefit on a portion of settlement, which had previously accrued to nondeductible. Furthermore, with respect to Morgan Keegan, we also announced our intention to explore strategic alternatives. As a result of this decision, we announced the formation of a new wealth management organization that will integrate trust, private banking and insurance business into a single business within the bank. Establishing this new organization enables us to focus on key profitable customer segment with the goal of increasing noninterest revenue, deepening customer relationships and enhancing values. During the quarter, we repositioned our investment securities portfolio, shortening the duration, resulting in approximately $24 million in security gains or $0.01 per share after tax. On the expense front, as a continued focus on productivity and efficiency initiatives, we made the decision this quarter to consolidate approximately 40 branches and to dispose off property and equipment resulting in charges of $77 million or $0.04 per share. Sequentially, net interest income was steady. And fee revenues reflected lower brokerage income, offset by robust service charge income. Noninterest expenses, adjusted for the $77 million in charges, declined 4% first to second quarter, demonstrating disciplined execution in our efforts to improve productivity and efficiency.  Recent macroeconomic indicators reveals further weakness and uncertainty in the economy, and we continue to experience an uneven recovery, particularly in the Southeast. However, these economic and global risk concerns do not lead to material changes in our economic outlook of below trend growth. We continue to focus on what we can control in this environment, delivering continued improvement in our operating results and long-term franchise value. Our plan focuses on servicing our customers, enhancing enterprisewide risk management and building sustainable profitability. Building sustainable profitability starts with continued improvements in asset quality. Key credit metrics continue to improve as formation of nonperforming loans are down for the third consecutive quarter. And nonperforming loans, excluding loans held for sale, have declined 5 quarters in a row. The loan loss provision was down 17% linked quarter and business services criticized loans decreased another 14%. Notably, our Investor Real Estate portfolio has now been reduced to $13.4 billion, nearly 50% below 2011 -- 2006 level.  In addition to credit quality, core business performance continues to improve. We are targeting a more diversified, balanced and profitable business mix. As of June 30, business services accounted for approximately 61% of our loan portfolio and consumer services comprises 39%. Over time, we are targeting a better balance with a focus on building the generally higher margin consumer portfolio and appropriate pricing on our business services portfolio. Although consumers continue to deleverage, our consumer services loan production was 14% higher year-to-date 2011 compared to 2010, and 8% higher on linked quarter basis, led by an increase in mortgage, indirect auto and direct lending. Indirect auto was particularly strong as production rose to $291 million in the second quarter or 14% higher than the prior quarter. We continue to expand this business and now have signed over 100 -- signed over 1,000 auto dealerships and expects to reach 1,200 by year-end. An example of how we're keeping our business focused on the customer is our reentry into the credit card business. Late in the quarter, we acquired a portfolio of approximately $1.2 billion, the portfolio consists of Regions branded consumer and business check card accounts, credit card accounts, of which 2/3 have 2 to 5 other banking services with Regions today. Our plan is to gradually grow this portfolio over time, by controlling a positive customer experience, strong cross sale throughout our customer base, and disciplined pricing and underwriting.  We believe that keeping focused on our customers require strong knowledge of customer needs and expectations. As such, we are committed to adding new products and services to further expand our business and add value. We continue to look for opportunities to expand our consumer banking product line to address the ever-changing needs of our customers. We are committed to serving the needs of our consumer customers with various credit products, payment and cash services, convenience of branches, ATMs, Internet and mobile, and providing financial protection products to give customers confidence and trust. The new products and services not only allow Regions to meet evolving customer needs while also to diversifying growing dependable revenue streams.  Although we're focused on properly growing our consumer business, we remain committed to adding and deepening relationships with our commercial portfolio as well. Our business services loan production for the second quarter totaled $14.6 billion, a 14% increase over the same period a year ago and a 32% higher first to second quarter. We're continuing to see strength at middle market, commercial and industrial, driven by both existing and new customers, specialized industries, such as energy, healthcare and franchised restaurant are particularly strong, with new relationships accounting for much of the activity. Commercial & Industrial commitments have increased 7% year-to-date and line utilization has remained relatively stable even with the growth in commitments. Another area also performing well is small business, with year-to-date production up more than 8% over 2010, this business remains a priority at Regions, providing not only loans, but also contributing fee income streams and deposits as well. Our strength in gathering low cost deposits continued this quarter. Average low cost deposits rose 4% compared to the second quarter last year. And as a result, total deposit costs declined 26 basis points year-over-year to 53 basis points. Total funding cost have also declined 31 basis points over the same period, ending the quarter at just 80 basis points.  Fee income is and will remain a significant component of our plan to diversify and expand our revenue streams. Here, again, our focus and emphasis on service quality is paying off, along with our ability to quickly adapt to changing environment. Despite legislative and regulatory rule changes, we grew service charges fee income 2% year-over-year and 7% linked quarter. Along with the industry, we face challenges required by the Durbin amendment which are to be implemented in October this year. Based on the final ruling, the company estimates that the impact on annual debit interchange revenue will be approximately $170 million unmitigated. However, we plan to promptly adjust our business model to deal with new rules, and over time, we will be able to offset this impact through revenue enhancements and disciplined expense management. Improving productivity and efficiency is a foundational part of our business strategy. We have and will continue to aggressively identify opportunities to reduce cost without adversely impacting service quality, and business development and our opportunity to grow.  And with this concluding review, I'll turn it over to David for an update on the financial details. David?
David Turner: Thank you, Grayson, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin with the summary of our second quarter results, beginning on Slide 3. Results demonstrated solid linked quarter progress, including strong service charge fee revenue, lower core expenses and broad-based credit quality improvement. Earnings per share totaled $0.04 and net income available to common shareholders amounted to $55 million. Pretax pre-provision net revenue or PPNR totaled $447 million. However, excluding security gains and branch consolidation costs of property and equipment charges, adjusted PPNR increased to $500 million, the highest level in 11 quarters. Within PPNR, net interest income was essentially steady linked quarter and the resulting net interest margin was 3.05%.  Excluding securities gains, adjusted noninterest revenue declined $7 million or 1% linked quarter, but was relatively flat on a year-over-year basis. Noninterest expenses, adjusted for $77 million of branch consolidation and property and equipment costs, were lower than the prior quarter by $46 million or 4%, reflecting reduced professional and legal fees, as well as the decline in salaries and benefits expense. Included within income taxes for the quarter is a benefit of $44 million related to the announced Morgan Keegan settlement. Last year, at the time of the accrual, we believe the entire amount would be nondeductible. Upon final settlement, a portion was determined to be deductible, resulting in this quarter's $44 million tax benefit. Let's now take a look at our improved credit quality trends, beginning with nonperforming loan inflows. As shown on Slide 4, inflows of nonperforming loans declined $175 million or 24% linked quarter to $555 million, the third consecutive quarterly decline and the lowest level of inflows since the first quarter of 2008. On an absolute basis, almost all loan categories experienced the decline in gross inflows. Notably, income producing commercial real estate and the Land/Condo/Single Family portfolios demonstrated some of the largest improvements. On the right side of the slide, note that 42% of June 30 total business services nonperforming loans were current and paying as agreed, 4 percentage points higher linked quarter. Turning to Slide 5. Nonperforming loans, excluding loans held for sale, declined $303 million or 10%. This quarter, we sold or transferred the held-for-sale $620 million of criticized loans consisting of $75 million of loans that were sold and $545 million of loans moved to held-for-sale. I would like to point out that these loans that were in held-for-sale at June 30 have now been subsequently sold at the marked amount and are now off of our balance sheet. Early stage credit indicators demonstrated improvement with total delinquencies decreasing for the fifth straight quarter. Additionally, business services criticized loans were down approximately $1.2 billion or 14% from first quarter's level, and have now declined each quarter since fourth quarter 2009. These 2 leading asset quality indicators serve as important measures in estimating future inflows of problem loans, and once again, support our expectations for continued improvement in nonperforming loan migration. Accruing Troubled Debt Restructuring's or TDRs, increased modestly this quarter to $1.66 billion. We expect to see an increase in TDR's as a result of recent accounting literature that will be effective in the third quarter. However, importantly, we do not anticipate there will be a material impact to our loan loss allowance resulting from this rule change. And moving on to Slide 6. Second quarter's net charge-offs were impacted by the $620 million of loans that were sold or moved to held-for-sale. This disposition activity resulted in $207 million of charge-offs. Net charge-offs totaled $548 million and exceeded the loan loss provision by $150 million, primarily associated with allowances allocated to these loans. Excluding net charge-offs related to this quarter's disposition activity, net charge-offs declined 9% and reflected broad based improvement in almost all categories. Looking forward, net charge-offs are forecasted to remain elevated for the balance of the year. Due to this quarter's disposition efforts, our loan loss allowance to nonperforming loan coverage ratio increased from 103% to 112% at June 30. Additionally, we also sold $289 million of OREO and nonperforming loans that were previously held-for-sale at approximately break even. Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 7 breaks this quarter's change in loans and loan yields. Average loans declined 1.6% with declines at Investor Real Estate offsetting strong middle market C&I growth. However, ending loans were relatively flat linked quarter, reflecting our late quarter credit card purchase. The aggregate loan yield declined 4 basis points compared with the prior quarter to 4.27% as average 30-day LIBOR rate declined 6 basis points this quarter. We continue to see strength in our commercial loan portfolio, with average and ending loans up 6.1% and 6.6% from 1 year ago, respectively. Growth in our middle market C&I is particularly strong, driven by specialized industries which include: energy, healthcare, franchise restaurant, transportation, technology, defense and asset-based lending. Customers' refinancing, mergers and acquisitions and capital expenditures are major contributors to this growth. Again, this quarter, we experienced increases in 65% of our markets and total commercial & industrial commitments have risen to $1.8 billion year-to-date, ending the quarter at $28 billion. On an ending basis, Investor Real Estate declined another $1.4 billion and now totals $13.4 billion. As noted earlier, second quarter's credit card portfolio purchase demonstrates that we are focused on being a full service provider and is yet another way for us to rebalance our portfolio between commercial and consumer lending. Now moving on to deposits. As noted on Slide 8, we continue to benefit from our strength in gathering low cost deposits, which, on average, grew $1.3 billion linked quarter, while our average time deposits declined another $465 million. As a result, average total deposits rose $865 million or 1% over the first quarter. Average low cost deposits as a percentage of total deposits has risen from 72.5% in the second quarter of 2010 to 76.6% this quarter. This positive mix shift led to another 8 -- 6 basis points decline in second quarter, total deposit costs to 53 basis points. Second half deposit costs should continue to benefit from an improving mix through additional repricing of maturing CDs at lower market rates. For the second half of this year, $6.1 billion of CDs will mature and carry an average of 1.48%. Turning to Slide 9. Taxable equivalent net interest income was flat, totaling $872 million with the resulting net interest margin declining 2 basis points to 3.05%. Our margin continues to reflect our excess liquidity held at the Federal Reserve. During the second quarter, we took advantage of long-term rates declining and repositioned our securities portfolio, shortening the duration to just over 3 years. Specifically, we sold $4 billion of 3.5-year agency mortgage-backed securities and reinvested the proceeds primarily in 2-year agency mortgage-backed securities, resulting in $24 million of security gains. Barring unexpected movement in interest rates, net interest margin should be relatively stable with an upward bias for the balance of this year.  Let's now shift gears and look at noninterest revenue on Slide 10. Excluding security gains, second quarter noninterest revenue amounted to $757 million, down 1% sequentially. Second quarter's noninterest revenue reflected lower brokerage revenues, offset by solid service charges and mortgage income growth. Lower private client and capital markets revenues were the primary factors contributing to the sequential quarter decline in brokerage revenues. The linked quarter increase in service charges reflects the ongoing restructuring of our accounts to fee-eligible. Also, interchange income was higher, benefiting from increasing active debit card usage as total transactions year-to-date are 12% higher compared to a year ago. New product innovation such as the launch of short-term small dollar cash advances for relationship customers and identity theft protections will serve to further diversify and build our revenue streams. And just to reiterate what Grayson said regarding the Durbin Amendment, we believe, based on the final ruling, we will be able to mitigate the lost revenue over time. Lastly, mortgage income was up 11% from the first quarter due to improved mortgage servicing right and related hedging performance. Turning to expenses on Slide 11. Second quarter noninterest expenses totaled $1.2 billion. However, excluding $77 million in charges, primarily related to branch consolidation and property and equipment charges, adjusted noninterest expense totaled $1.1 billion for the quarter, a solid 4% below first quarter's level. The key drivers of this quarter's decline were a 6% reduction in salaries and benefits expense and a $20 million reduction in professional and legal fees. Credit related expenses, which include other real estate expense, gains and losses from held-for-sale and credit-related personnel costs, declined modestly, accounting for 8% of second quarter's adjusted noninterest expenses. FDIC premiums increased $20 million linked quarter, reflecting new rules, which went into effect on April 1. As Grayson noted, we will consolidate approximately 40 branches as part of our ongoing and routine efforts to strengthen the franchise through productivity and efficiency initiatives. These branches will be closed later this year and will have minimal customer impact. We recorded asset -- associated property evaluation charges and equipment expenses of $77 million this quarter, and expect to realize pretax future net cost saves of approximately $19 million annually. Including these announced branch closings, we will have reduced our branch count 19% and disposed of or exited 5.7 million square feet of company space since 2006. In addition, since 2006, we have reduced our headcount over 25% and 568 positions year-to-date. We will continue to rigorously and diligently review our expenses to ensure they are tightly managed without sacrificing investment opportunities or our high standards for customer service. But we'll provide a snapshot of our healthy capital ratios and favorable liquidity position. Tier 1 Common is estimated at 7.9% and our Tier 1 ratio stands at 12.6%. Liquidity at both the bank and the holding company is solid, with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 84.3%. Overall, this quarter's results demonstrate that our strategy is working as our core business performance continues to improve. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Grayson for his closing remarks.
O. Hall: Thank you, David. Before taking questions, I want to spend just a moment summarizing the actions we are taking to both improve Regions performance and to build a stronger organization for the future.  Focusing on the customer, enhancing enterprisewide risk management and building sustainable performance are the 3 priorities that we are executing. As second quarter's results show, we are making continued progress in taking deliberate and appropriate steps to deliver on this business plan. To recap, this quarter, we continued to de-risk our loan portfolio. We purchased our Regions branded credit card portfolio. We grew our commercial and industrial business. We organized a new wealth management line of business within the bank. We introduced some new suite of products and services for our consumer base and we announced continued efforts to rationalize our expense base in a disciplined and continuous manner. Another critical component of this strategy is to ensure that Regions has the appropriate level of capital to support its long-term plans. To that end, as we previously mentioned as part of our capital planning process, we announced our intention to explore potential strategic alternatives from Morgan Keegan, which we believe is in the best long-term interest of both Morgan Keegan and Regions Financial. All in all, I'm encouraged with our second quarter progress. We still have work ahead of us, but we are committed to the ongoing successful execution of our business plans and we are delivering improved results. Before we open the lines for questions, I want to address an issue that has received some attention recently. In June, a federal judge denied our motion to dismiss a civil lawsuit and suggested, in her opinion, the audit committee of our Board of Directors and government authorities are investing accrual status of certain loans in 2009. That prompted media coverage and questions from investors, so in the 10-Q, we will file in the next week or so, we are going to include a disclosure which will say that the company has received inquiries and subpoenas from government authorities related to 2009 and earlier periods regarding accounting matters that have also been the subject of pending civil litigation against the company. The company is cooperating fully and providing responses and the audit committee of our Board of Directors is conducting an investigation with the assistance of outside counsel and consultants. I think it's important to note these inquiries relate to 2009 and earlier periods and do not have any bearing on our present financial statements, including our level of nonperforming assets or our loan loss reserves. Please recognize that we're limited in what we can say beyond this disclosure. With that, operator, I'll open the line up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: I think in general, the expense management has been very strong, which is good to see given the revenue environment is tough for all banks including yourself, you highlighted the additional $19 million of run rate savings, and just how do we think about the expense base going forward once we adjust for that, once we back out some of the restructuring charges? What would you think about the trend of expenses incorporating that -- once we incorporate that?
David Turner: Yes, Matt, this is David. We still have a lot of environmental expenses embedded in our income statement. Roughly, call it $300 million a year that we're continuing to work on. You also saw our increase in FDIC premiums during the quarter, which is based on an estimate of what we think the premiums will be. There are still ongoing discussions on the new definitions that are embedded in the new rules there, so we will continue to focus on expenses. Part of our -- we look at headcount, we look at branches, we will continue in this type of environment where revenue is harder to come by, you have to be diligent with regard to expenses. So we are going to continue to work on getting those down. As I mentioned before, we expect that over time, that we ultimately settle in to an efficiency ratio, which is in the lower 60s, or higher 50%, and we're not there yet, so we still have some work to go.
O. Hall: And Matt, this is Grayson, given our projection for a slow and somewhat uneven economic recovery, our focus on expense disciplines to drive efficiency and productivity will continue. As David mentioned earlier, we're down over 500 positions since the first of the year. I'm encouraged to say that we did that with improving service quality. Our service quality metrics continue to improve. I think as David mentioned, you really can divide our expenses into 2 categories, really, discretionary expenses and also environmental expenses. The environmental expenses are starting to improve, which is in their elevated nature has been a great turn of events for us this quarter. But our discretionary expenses will continue to trend downward as well because all across the franchise, every business manager we have is focused on this issue and we believe we will have to for some time to come.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just separately you did mention about the TDRs increasing in the third quarter with the accounting change. Do you have an early estimate of what that might be? And then similarly, the reserve impact, you said, is not going to be meaningful, but any estimate on what that might be in dollar terms would be helpful.
David Turner: Yes. Matt, we haven't and we're working through that right now to be able to quantify the increase. We don't have that yet. We do think that maybe more important component is the expectation of the driver of any additional reserves. And we do not believe that, that change in accounting of TDR definition will impact our reserves meaningfully. So as soon as we get the number, we will be posting that up. We don't have that today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: I wanted to ask 2 questions. One was, as we move the securities portfolio shorter, aren't we just increasing our asset sensitivity and kind of giving up some of our future earnings if rates stay at this level?
David Turner: We do, Marty, but we also entered into some fix receipts, fixed swaps with that, that protects us with a lower rate environment. So again, our expectation is rates will be down here for a while, and -- but we've protected ourselves on the downside.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: Okay. So the combination of the swaps with the shorter securities weren't going to impact NII going forward?
David Turner: That's right.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: Okay. And then my other question was, in the release, kind of in the back, this is more of a detailed -- you had about a 2% impact from Basel I to Basel III risk-weighted assets, and then kind of in the footnote, we say we're developing systems in the calculation. The 2% number seems a little slight to me. I was curious what you were including, if you're including any shift in the asset quality, calculation or any of the net interest margin volatility or things like that in the new calculation for Basel III?
David Turner: Yes, Marty, one, credit-related, obviously, these are all estimates right now, trying to come up with what the risk-weighted assets are. It's a little early for that. The purpose of us putting Basel III in there to begin with is there was a lot of noise about what that might mean to some of the money center banks, and we wanted to answer the question that our transition to Basel III is not going to be that difficult for us. We just don't have the same construct that the larger money center banks do. So we are continuing to look at definitions and implementation, but I wouldn't get too caught up on the specific numbers. We do believe we'll be in compliance. Obviously, we think we'll have higher ratios than what you see when it comes time for implementation of Basel.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just a couple of questions on credit quality. I'm wondering, can you help us understand, of the reserve release this quarter, how much of it was related to the actual loan sales versus how much of it was just related to the other parts of the portfolio improving?
Barb Godin: This is Barb. I'll go ahead and respond to that question. The majority of it was related to the actual loan sale that we did, although there was a small portion that was related otherwise.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then as far as your comments -- David, your comments earlier on charge-offs remaining elevated, understanding that a portion of this quarter's was, again, related to the loan sales. Are we expecting -- are you generally expecting charge-offs to still remain at the level that it was this quarter going forward?
David Turner: Well, clearly, our charge-offs were up because of our de-risking and we provided, if we had not had that charge-offs would've been a couple of hundred million dollars lower. I think the point we need to make is, we think that from a charge-off standpoint, core charge-off, they will be elevated compared to what our expectation is on a normal run rate. We have the reserves established for that. We're holding a pretty large reserve at 3.84% today. So you would expect charge-offs to continue to remain elevated. The bigger issue is, what will the provision look like over time? And you saw us provide less in charge-offs for the first time in a while this past quarter. So we don't have any planned transactions, if you will, at this time that would cause that charge-off to be -- level to be where you saw this past quarter.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And -- but that's my last follow-up is just on your last point there. So if the majority of the release this quarter was specifically against loans that were sold and there is not much release in the rest of the book, then is it fair to assume that you won't necessarily be planning on releasing reserves outside of incremental sales that you might conduct in the future?
David Turner: Ken, I don't think you can look at it that way. The charge-offs are charge-offs, and the provision is a separate calculation that relates to any new issues that you may have coming up or any degradation in issue -- in loans that you already had reserved for. And I think we let our allowance model work for us, and we book whatever reserve the model tells us we need to have. So I don't think just because we had charge-offs, specific reserves attributable to those that you can imply, we would not provide less in charge-offs going forward. We're not admitting that we're going to do that either, we're just saying don't look at it that way.
O. Hall: Well it's -- I do think you have to look at the leading indicators in terms of criticized classified assets, in terms of early and late stage delinquencies. When you look at our credit metrics, they continue to show some favorable trend, albeit slower than we would like, but a favorable trend nonetheless.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Penala Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
L. Erika Penala: My first question relates to the $620 million in loans that were reclassified in the quarter. Could you give us a sense of how much of these loans came out of the NPL bucket versus criticized but accruing, and what the associated mark was on that $620 million before you took the additional charge-off?
David Turner: Erika, I think I have your question. Out of that $620 million, $255 million of those were accruing and the remainder were in non-accruing status. Those were the book value numbers and you saw our charge-offs, the $207 million on that $620 million.
L. Erika Penala: Right, I guess, and what was the previous mark on that -- I mean, on that $620 million? I assume that when you reclassified it to nonaccrual, there was a reserve associated of the...
David Turner: Yes. The $620 million is the net book value that does not have reserves ascribed to it. We ended up having charge-offs of $207 million and we released our reserve $150 million. So that would give you some idea about the additional charges that we would have taken on that pool of loans.
L. Erika Penala: Okay. And Barb, I was wondering if you could give us an update in terms of the redefault trends that you're seeing, how that's tracking on the resi TDR book? And also, if you can give us a refreshed LTV on that $1.2 billion.
Barb Godin: I'll start with the trends that we're seeing, the redefault rate continues to hold in around 20%. So that really has not moved over the years. As you can see from the numbers this quarter, we did add a little bit both in home equity and resi to our TDR as we continued to apply our customer assistance program in helping customers. Relative to the second part of the question, which I need you to refresh me on?
L. Erika Penala: I'm sorry, the refreshed LTV of the -- just specific to the resi TDR book, please.
Barb Godin: I don't have that broken up that way, Erika, but I can get that back to you.
L. Erika Penala: Okay. And just one last question, in terms of your comments on really retooling your deposit product offerings to adjust to a new regulatory reality, I was wondering if it's too early to give us a sense of how much of the Durbin income you can end up mitigating and how long does "over time" mean?
O. Hall: Well, Erika, let me answer it this way. One is, we put together a plan of mitigating the impact of Durbin that includes both revenues and expenses. And we will, as you've seen us over the past year, really moving from a free checking environment to a fee-eligible environment. I think from a strategy standpoint, our strategy is not going to be that different than many of our competitors. But most of those strategies are speculative at this juncture, but we intend to increase the hurdles, if you will for our checking accounts. We certainly have under consideration specific charges around debit cards themselves and our implementation of that will occur between now and year-end, and we will be disclosing the impacts of those as we start seeing how customer behavior starts to modify in the new environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Valentin of FBR.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just regard to the margin, you mentioned a stable margin with, maybe, an upward bias. I was just curious, looks like CD rates, there's still room to reduce CD rates, maybe cost of funds can come down somewhat. And I guess, the other question would be liquidity, is there room to reduce liquidity and therefore, maybe see some asset yield improvement. I just thought maybe there'd be a brighter outlook for margin given some outlooks like relying through to improve margin.
David Turner: Yes, Scott, you're right. That's why we put upward bias to it. We also have nonperformers, and as those continue to yield, what -- there's a pickup there. One of our issues that we've been facing is, from a liquidity standpoint, we've had tremendous liquidity over this past quarter. We had an average of right at $5 billion at the Federal Reserve. And we'd like to put that to work on a more efficient basis. So we've been working to return to sustainable profitability, improve credit metrics and get our credit ratings improved such that we can take, become a little more efficient with regards to how our balance sheet is positioned. And when we can do that, you can see that we can do a lot better earning than 25 basis points with that $5 billion over time. So the question is, when can we do that? And we're working hard on that. You're right to point out, we do have some more benefit to pickup from deposit costs. We are at about 53 basis points today. And I think that we will continue to improve there. And then, we layered on roughly a little over $1 billion credit card purchase that should enhance our loan yields going forward. So if you're trying to imply we're being a little conservative in terms of the call, I'm with you, but I don't think until we can get our balance sheet positioned as efficient as we want that we're going to have a runaway margin.
O. Hall: And Scott, this is Grayson. From a -- if you look at it from a deposit cost standpoint, we do continue to believe that we got more opportunity there to reduce our cost on the margin. I mean, loan yield perspective is, we're seeing new production across all asset classes, product types. We are seeing improved yields and rates on new production. Obviously, there's more competition that we're seeing out in the marketplace, but the rates that we're able to put new production on the books is still at levels higher than precrisis levels. And as we add new production to the book, we are seeing improvement in our overall yield outlook on the loan portfolio. That being said, most of our commercial loans are tied to 30-day LIBOR. We did have a pretty challenging operating environment in relates to LIBOR in the second quarter.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And just a follow-up question, you mentioned the Morgan Keegan long-term, you think it's the right thing to do. I'm just curious how you win a trade-off between losing some earnings power on the sale of Morgan Keegan versus maybe the capital that frees up?
O. Hall: Well, we had to go through and have over the past several months a fairly extensive review of our businesses. We continued to do that across our portfolio of businesses within the company. I think that the settlement that we were able to achieve with the SEC, FINRA and the state regulators in regard to Morgan Keegan really provided an opportunity for us to look at that business more strategically and decide where we go, it's a very valuable franchise. It's been part of this organization since 2001, and we do -- our preference is to sort of maintain some type of strategic alliance as we move forward, but we continue to believe that as we look at our capital planning process that taking a strategic review at this point in time is the right answer. We will be giving more clarity on our financial pro formas as this process matures. Now, we're not in a position to give that clarity today, but it will be forthcoming.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jefferson Harralson of Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I was going to follow-up on Erika's question. I think that the -- I don't know if I call it a concern, but biggest issue I think people have is with all banks right now, what they could sell the problem loans for versus what their markdown. And if you've taken a $207 million loss in addition to $150 million reserve on $620 million of loans moved, it seems like that the loans aren't -- for all banks, not just you guys, but to close -- able to sell for close to where their margins is going to take a long time to get through this whole cycle. Is there -- I guess could you comment on that, and is there -- I guess can you give us some comfort about the marks in the future losses and how long it's going to take to work through those problem loans?
Barb Godin: Jefferson, it's Barb. The $150 million that we released was not in addition to, it was part of the $207 million that it cost us. So we already had these loans pretty well marked at the time that we sold them. So if you look at that rough delta between what we sold, from the $620 million, and the difference between the $207 million and the $150 million, it's roughly $60 million, say, roughly a 10%. We chose those assets as we -- part of our continuous credit servicing, we've looked at each of the accounts, we looked at how long it would take us to accomplish our workout strategies, and in several instances, and knowing at the time that the market was pretty enthusiastic for some of these individual assets, we felt it was in our best interest to go ahead and pull that workout strategy forward and go ahead and sell it. And again, the 10% therefore, I would reflect as being more of a liquidity premium in the market than it was a credit mark.
Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: All right. Can you just comment on the -- you mentioned the pull ahead of problem loans, should we expect more of that type of thing or is it going to, as the inflows are slowing down, are we going to slow down the disbursement?
David Turner: Yes. Jefferson, this is David. We don't have any current plans for a disposition that we -- similar to what we just we had. We do have loans in held-for-sale and OREO, which we would continue to market and sell. But we are continuing to evaluate our portfolio. And if it makes sense to have a further transaction, then we will mark loans to held-for-sale, take our mark, put them in there and sell them. But right now, we do not have that currently planned.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Mutascio of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Barb, my first question, when it comes to the Investor Real Estate TDRs, they were up about 30% this quarter, and that's before, I guess, the accounting change next quarter. Can you refresh my memory as to what type of collateral you have on those Investor Real Estate TDRs and what the average LTVs would be?
Barb Godin: Yes, I don't have the average LTVs in front of me, but let me just give a general comment on the TDRs, if I could. Remembering that we have decided as a strategy on our work outside to keep all of our duration short, so all of our renewals are short, we typically don't go beyond a year. And so because of that, as we look at these loans that are coming up, that we actually are going to renew this year a lot of those are going to fall into TDR status because what will happen is, one argues that, "Would you ever make a loan to a classified credit and could you ever get the appropriate rate around it?" And so, again, we've taken the position, conservative perhaps, but we've certainly taken the position that the answer is no, and so therefore, they would become TDRs. The collateral behind it is, all manner of things, income producing in general, but that would make up the story of it.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. David, what's the book value of Morgan Keegan?
David Turner: We haven't shared that book value number.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Well, let me -- if you sell it for less than book value, that loss goes to the income statement. Would it be a similar hit to Tier 1 Common?
David Turner: It would be, if we end up having a loss, yes. And if we had a gain, it would increase to Tier 1 Common.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right. Okay. My last question is, and David, the long-term debt yields are up about 22 basis points sequentially. Any -- was that a swap-related, why the yields would go up on your long-term debt?
David Turner: It was just the maturing piece that was -- because we had it swapped out, it was on a weighted basis, it was a lower rate. And so when it came out, it just forced everything else up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fitzsimmons of Sandler O'Neill.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: You all have been fairly active over the last few quarters just pulling out structural changes, the branch sale, entering indirect auto, reentering credit card, now you're evaluating Morgan Keegan. Can you give us a sense for are there other levers, other options that you have kind of on your planning board that are possible or are you kind of at a point where that's really it? And it kind of plays into the earlier question about how do you evaluate or how do you weigh that loss or shortfall of revenues if you part with Morgan Keegan? Just wondering what other kind of levers are out there that you're evaluating.
O. Hall: Well, let me start and I'll let David sort of respond also. We have been continuously reevaluating our businesses, our products and our markets. And we've got a fairly full agenda at the moment, with all the activities going on. We certainly continue to run through that process on a quarterly basis as we go through a fairly extensive capital planning process, and making sure that we're looking at these businesses the right way. I think the announcement we made around indirect, around credit cards, and now, around reviewing strategic alternatives for Morgan Keegan have been part of that planning process for several quarters. I think you will continue to see us do those types of evaluations. We're not in a position to share what our thoughts are today on future events, but I think you can have a certain amount of confidence that we are in a continuous review of all the businesses we're in to try to strengthen this organization for the future and put us in a better position to be successful in delivering the results that our shareholders desire.
David Turner: Yes, Kevin, this is David. We've had a strategic plan in place that our board has approved, and we've been executing in accordance with that plan. Certainly, if you'd look at an example of Morgan Keegan, we needed to be in position to settle the regulatory issues that we've talked about before we could move forward with evaluating strategic alternatives for Morgan Keegan. So we will continue to look at all options to continue to enhance the value to our shareholders. Specific to Morgan Keegan, you asked at the end of your question kind of how do you replace the revenue hole to the extent that we execute on if something comes out and we actually dispose of Morgan Keegan, you need to look at Page 10 of the supplement, which carves out -- and this is not apples to apples, but it does give you most of that is Morgan Keegan, it's included in the evaluation. It does include, on Page 10, trust and asset management, which is not part of the strategic evaluation, but you can look at the numbers that come out of that. And as you think about how you replace revenue, you need to also consider about the expense that won't be there to the extent we pull that trigger. And also note that whatever proceeds raised in the transaction, if one happens, serves to offset the amount of debt perhaps that we have to raise as we position ourselves for -- at the Parent Company as we position ourselves for repayment of TARP. So that's interest carry that you save by not having to go out in the marketplace and raise that debt. So you need to keep that whole-type transaction, not just focus on revenue.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Just one quick follow-up. You've talked a lot about the movement of customer accounts to fee-eligible status. I'd assume not all banks are moving at the same speed of -- in that process. I know it's early, but are you seeing any early signs on what the customer reaction is to that?
O. Hall: Well, this is Grayson. It's going to be an uneven approach by the industry. I think that it's too early to call at this juncture where yet to see in the marketplace what all the participants, what strategies all the participants will deploy. We believe, we put together a good strategy. We stand ready to modify that strategy, though, if the market necessitates that. But I think at this juncture, it's just too early to call what the customer reaction will be. We've certainly done a lot of research. We tested a number of theories and we've had customer groups in and we've listened to and spoke to. But we really got to wait to see what the behavioral changes of our customers turn out to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Marinac of FIG Partners.
Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners, LLC: I wanted to extend the conversation and questions that Jefferson and Erika both had, it relates to, if you look at the change in classified of the past year, it looks like from the slide that it's roughly about $3.4 billion criticized adjustment in the last 12 months. And if I look at the charge-offs you've taken plus the $200 million for the held-for-sale move today, works out to about a 40% loss. Is the loss content going forward similar to what you just experienced in the last year in business services or should we be thinking of a number that might be a little less than that given just what's remaining in the classified in criticized bucket?
David Turner: Christopher, this is David. I'll start and Barb you can add on. Obviously, the marketplace is changing dramatically each and every quarter. You're looking at a lot of history. In some cases, asset values are stabilizing, in some case, there are still challenges there. So when you try to forecast losses that are built in based on that history, it gets difficult to do. I would tell you as you think of our losses, and look at the reductions in our most problematic loan portfolios, Investor Real Estate is down 50% from where we were at the beginning of the cycle, down to $13.4 million. So we expect charge-offs to be there, that's why we have a reserve of 3.84%, and we believe we're adequately reserved for the credit risks that's embedded in the portfolio. When you have dispositions outside of the normal course, if you will, and we've had some of those over time, you introduce a liquidity discount that you have to take. And in some cases, that liquidity discount is worth taking and sometimes it's not. We clearly have disclosed the fair value of our loans, that's assuming we would have a -- sell everyone of our loans, and that's not the case. So predicting those losses will be at that same level is difficult. But we continue to evaluate the best strategy of our portfolio. And like I said today, we don't have any plans to market and sell. And if that changes, then we will take our charges and move on.
Barb Godin: I'd add to that -- this is Barb. I'd add to that, that our land, single family and condos, being our most distressed parts of the portfolio, both balances did fall this quarter, as you see $2.5 billion, down from $4.4 billion just a year ago. So they've fallen substantially. The other comment I would add to that is, of that, as we look at the number of customers or the percentage of our customers in nonperforming loans that are paying as contractually agreed, that continues to go up each quarter. Compared to a year ago, as well, it's 24%, were paying as contractually agreed, and now we're at 42%. But that, too, suggests that the quality of what's in the nonperforming loans is a different quality over the last several quarters, and I would expect the same going forward.
Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners, LLC: Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow-up. Is there a rough percentage of the allowance that would be assigned towards the consumer as a broad number?
Barb Godin: I don't have that handy. [indiscernible]
David Turner: We will have to look at the note. We'll get back to you, Chris.
Operator: Your final question comes from Chris Gamaitoni of Compass Point.
Christopher Gamaitoni : On a broader level, when you were speaking about credit card cross-selling, were you -- I was unclear, was the strategy to bring customers in with credit cards and then cross-sell them or cross-sell existing customers with credit cards?
O. Hall: Understand this portfolio we acquired has been Regions branded for years, and so it's on a Regions card, it's predominantly sold to Regions customers. And our strategy is to cross-sell Regions customers with a credit card, not the other way around. As I said in my comments today, when you look at this portfolio, the vast majority of these customers already have banking relationships with Regions Bank. We've got about 2 to 5 products already sold to these customers on average today. So this is really just our ability to control the customer experience around the credit card for our customers, who already have a relationship with Regions and for us to deepen and strengthen that relationship. And you won't see us being most aggressive on a credit card. It's a relationship product from our perspective.
Christopher Gamaitoni : And then just on the short term cash loans, what's the average APR on those?
O. Hall: The average APR on the short terms?
Christopher Gamaitoni : Yes.
David Turner: It's a fee business. It's not an APR product.
Christopher Gamaitoni : Right. But when you convert it to an APR -- I think we'll have a conversation off-line, that will be better suited.
David Turner: Yes. Let me also respond. I think about 1/3 of our reserve is consumer, 2/3 of it is commercial. Chris, that was for you.
O. Hall: All right, well, thank you very much for your time, and we'll stand adjourned. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: O. Hall - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer of Regions Bank, President of Regions Bank and Director of Regions Bank Barb Godin - EVP and Consumer Credit Executive David Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Member of the Executive Council, Chief Financial Officer of Regions Bank and Senior Executive Vice President of Regions Bank M. Underwood - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Christopher Gamaitoni  Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. John Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc. Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Gregory Ketron - Citigroup Inc Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corp. Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Melissa, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. Underwood: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation in our call this morning. Our presenters today are our President and Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner; and also, we have available to answer questions, Matt Lusco, our Chief Risk Officer and Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer. In the part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of www.regions.com. With that said, let me remind you that in this call, we may make forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are not based on historical information, but rather are related to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Those statements are based on general assumptions and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the views, beliefs and projections expressed in such statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in our forward-looking statement that is located in the appendix of the presentation. With that covered, I'll turn it over to Grayson
O. Hall: Thank you, List, and good morning to all participants. We appreciate your time and interest in today's discussion of Regions first quarter 2011 results and the progress we're making in a number of key areas, all of which are contributing towards restoring Regions to sustainable profitability. I'll begin by covering highlights and business results, and David will provide additional details on the financials a little later. Regions reported first quarter earnings of $0.01 from fully diluted share or $17 million, marking a second consecutive quarter of profitability, while still elevated, credit related costs, which include our provision, OREO expense and losses on halt or sell, declined to the lowest level in almost two years. On an after-tax basis, these combined costs were an estimated $0.26 per share. Additionally, we had $0.04 per share benefit from security gains. Core business performance continues to improve with adjusted pretax pre-provision net revenue up 16% year-over-year. Sequentially, expenses adjusted to exclude prior quarters debt extinguishment loss dropped 4%. The net interest margin rose 7 basis points. Average commercial and industrial loans outstanding grew 4%. Average low cost deposits increased 1% and our regulatory capital ratios improved incrementally. From an earnings perspective, we're clearly not performing at a level that we want or need to be, but we are making continuous progress. The pace of economic recovery is slow especially in our southeastern markets, but our focus on core business and customers is paying off. We're gaining share of market, adding new customers and expanding existing relationships. According to a recent report issued by Temkin Group, Regions ranked as the top bank of customer experience and is one of the top companies in America for customer service across all industries. We also received national awards from Greenwich Associates for overall client satisfaction in middle market and for relationship managed performance in the company's small business lending. We are clearly starting to distinguish Regions as one of the most customer-friendly banks in the industry. And at the same time, we're improving productivity and efficiency in taking steps to expediently and prudently deal with credit challenges still present in our more stressed portfolios. Turning to Slide 2. We're especially encouraged with first quarter's sharply lower net loan charge-offs and provision since improvement in credit quality and related costs is a primary key to restoring Regions to sustainable profitability. Net charge-offs and provision dropped $200 million or 29% linked quarter. Our provision, covered net charge-offs and although is likely to remain elevated, it is expected to trend down throughout 2011. As credit quality metrics continue to improve, we'll continue to evaluate reserve levels and be very disciplined in our reserve methodology process. Gross nonperforming loan inflows were down for a second consecutive quarter or over $200 million less than in the fourth quarter. Delinquencies fell for a fifth consecutive quarter, and criticized and classified loans declined. Nonperforming assets steady for the first quarter, reflecting less sales activity and fewer pay downs. Again, this quarter, the mix of profit loan inflows was increasingly income producing commercial real estate, which has a lower potential loss severity, and based on the cash flows, has the potential for restructure. Also, we continue to be very disciplined and cautious in our credit quality reviews; causing us to classify a number of credits as nonperforming when we see signs of weakness even though these customers may be current and paying as agreed.  In the first quarter, we further enhanced our balance sheet position. We were able to grow commercial and industrial loans for the third consecutive quarter as average balances grew 4%. We remain diligent in improving our deposit costs and continued to positively shift our deposit mix with average time deposits declining to 24% of total deposits, down from 30% a year ago. We ended the quarter strong as well with low cost deposits, that which improved $1.9 billion or 3%, driving deposit cost down another 5 basis points to an overall 59 basis points on total customer deposits. And we have achieved a total company funding cost of 86 basis points, including all debt. Growing fee-based revenue in our business is critical, it's a component of our strategy to restore and grow normalized earnings. Given regulatory and legislative changes, it's not been an easy task, but we believe that our focus on customers, service, a broad array of product offerings, an increasing emphasis on appropriate cross sales gives us an opportunity. First quarter is typically challenging for fee-based revenues. Nonetheless, we were able to grow adjusted noninterest revenue approximately 4% year-over-year. Additionally, in spite of seasonal factors and regulatory rule changes, we were able to maintain reasonably steady service charge income for the first quarter. While these rules changes will continue to present a challenge to growing service charge fee income, we're proactively developing and implementing strategies to mitigate the negative impact. In fact, over the last three quarters, we have migrated all free checking accounts to fee eligible accounts. Specifically regarding the Durbin amendment, we are hopeful that the candid dialogue between regulators, legislators, merchants and banks result in a reasonable and prudent delay of the implementation of this amendment and allows proper debate and comprehensive analysis by delaying implementation, it will give all interested parties more time to analyze pricing and consequences of proposal. We are hopeful that the outcome will be more rational in the plan currently proposed. One that not only takes into account the bank industries actual cost of delivering debit cards including fraud, but also the potential unintended negative consequences to the individual consumer on debit card availability and participation in the banking system. In the unfortunate event that a reasonable and prudent delay does not occur, we have developed actions to respond to the July 21st implementation that helps us mitigate the financial impact of these require changes. Given the extremely short time frame for implementation, it will be challenging to effectively communicate the changes to our customers and our associates. But we know our customers and our markets very well and we remain confident that over time, we can make the necessary changes to protect our business. Our planned business adjustments not only include changes to fee schedules, but also include new product innovation and a very disciplined approach in improving productivity and efficiency. I'm pleased with the progress we've made in the first quarter given the seasonal hikes in payroll taxes, our goal is to keep full-year noninterest expenses, core expenses somewhat below 2010's level while continuing to make necessary investments in business and technology. Turning to Slide 3. We are seeing promising improvement in quality loan demand, as total loan production amounted to $13.3 billion for the quarter, up 15% year-over-year. Our Business Services loan production for the first quarter totaled $11.1 billion, which was a 17% increase over first quarter of 2010. We are seeing especially strong middle market, commercial and industrial loan production as loan outstandings have now grown for 9 consecutive months. Notably, of 65% of the markets we operate grew commercial loans in the first quarter. Both new client acquisition and line utilization are driving the growth. Commercial and industrial line utilization rose to 41.7% this quarter, up from year-end 2010's 40.3% which is the highest since September 2009. However, line utilization still remains well below our historical rates, which typically posted in the high 40% range. Our overall commercial sales pipelines remain strong, given expectations for a continued U.S. economic recovery, Commercial & Industrial outstanding should continue to grow throughout 2011, albeit, possibly at a slower pace than we're currently experiencing. Branch small business loan production, while still a relatively small component, is also strong, benefiting from our increased focus on this channel. On the consumer front, although pay downs continue to outweigh new production as consumers continue to deleverage, we are seeing signs of an improving loan production. Consumer loan production for the first quarter was higher year-over-year, with the largest components, mortgage and home equity, up 13% and 12%, respectively. Also, we are experiencing higher origination volume in our indirect auto portfolio as production rose to $255 million this quarter. We have now signed up over 800 auto dealerships and expect this number to reach 1,200 by the end of the year, but keep in mind that our focus is on profitable growth, not volume. We will remain disciplined both in risk taking and pricing. At the same time, we're working hard to grow profitable quality loans outstanding. We are still actively derisking our most stressful portfolio segments. For example, investor commercial estate loans were reduced another $1.1 billion in the first quarter. Our de-risking strategy and customer deleveraging suggested our overall outstanding loan portfolio balances will remain under pressure for the remainder of this year. Near-term, our lending revenues will be under pressure, but our efforts to improve pricing and production of new loans is working to offset the impact of derisking and deleveraging. We continue to positively shift loan and funding mix, as well as improve loan spreads and deposit costs in order to minimize the negative effect of a lower earning asset levels on this year's net interest income. On a final point regarding recent comprehensive capital analysis and review, I want to reiterate that Regions did not propose any immediate capital actions. The company's position of repaying the government's TARP investment in a prudent and patient manner on shareholder friendly terms remains unchanged. Our return to sustainable profitability in demonstrating improvement asset quality are key conditions that will enable reasonable repayment. As our core business continues to improve, we believe this will bode well for us and our eventual capital actions. Now David is going to provide you with financial details and I will return with some closing comments. David?
David Turner: Thank you, Grayson, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin with a summary of our first quarter 2011 results on Slide 4. First quarter results generally matched our expectations as efforts to improve credit quality, reposition the balance sheet and curb operating expenses continued to pay off. EPS was $0.01 per share and net income available to common shareholders amounted to $17 million. Pretax pre-provision net revenue or PPNR, totaled $539 million. However, on an adjusted basis, PPNR was $460 million, which included some net adjustments such as security gains which is detailed in the appendix. Adjusted PPNR was up $63 million or 16% year-over-year and flat linked quarter despite seasonal factors such as day count. Within PPNR, net interest income declined 2% linked quarter primarily due to seasonality. However, year-over-year, net interest income rose 4% and the resulting net interest margin expanded to 3.07%. Noninterest revenue totaled $843 million, while adjusted noninterest revenues were $764 million. This was 4% below the fourth quarter which benefited from Morgan Keegan's strong revenues, particularly investment banking. However, as Grayson mentioned, first quarter adjusted noninterest revenues were higher than a year ago by 4% or $30 million. Noninterest expenses were 8% lower than the prior quarter and on an adjusted basis demonstrated significant improvement, dropping $44 million or 4% fourth to first quarter, favorably impacted by decline in the legal and professional fees, as well as credit-related expenses. Let's now take a more detailed look at our credit results beginning with nonperforming loans inflows. As shown on Slide 5, inflow of nonperforming loans continued to moderate, declining $217 million to $730 million or 23% less than fourth quarter. On the chart on the left, as indicated in blue, the biggest decline in inflows was in our Land/Condo and Single Family portfolio, which decreased $168 million or 64% linked quarter. This portfolio which now totals only $2.8 billion, down from $5 billion a year ago, had historically been the biggest driver of our inflows. Income producing commercial real estate continues to contribute to our nonperforming loan inflows, accounting for 31% of first quarter's migration compared to 29% in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind that income-producing commercial real estate credits generally provide greater cash flows, and therefore, may result in restructuring opportunities, and in our experience, have less ultimate loss potential. A substantial portion of our nonperforming loans continues to be current and paying as agreed. Notably, 38% of our March 31 total business service nonperforming loans were current and paying as agreed, up slightly from the fourth quarter, but 10 percentage points higher than a year ago. Turning to Slide 6. Nonperforming loans, excluding loans held for sale, declined $73 million. This quarter, we sold fewer nonperforming assets or $219 million compared to $405 million in the fourth quarter. At this point in the cycle and with stabilizing real estate values, we believe that loan restructurings will become more economical than loan sales. The graph to the right shows that delinquencies dropped for the fourth straight quarter. Additionally, criticized and classified problem loans declined for the fifth consecutive quarter and were down approximately $700 million from fourth quarter's levels. These two asset quality indicators serve as important measures in estimating future inflows of problem loans and support our expectations for continued improvement in nonperforming loan migrations going forward. Moving on to Slide 7. Net charge-offs declined to $481 million or an annualized 2.37% of average loans. The lowest level in over two years. As our loan loss provision essentially matched net charge-offs and with the decline in nonperforming loans, our loan loss allowance to nonperforming loan ratio increased from 101% to 103% at March 31st. Declines in nonperforming loans in gross inflows and nonperforming loan balances will be key determinants of our future quarterly provision needs. Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 8 breaks down this quarter's change in loans and loan yields. Average loans declined 2% with Investor Real Estate portfolio derisking efforts offsetting strong middle market commercial and industrial growth. Aggregate loan yield declined three basis points to 4.31%. This decline was driven by interest rate hedges that matured during the first quarter. Excluding these hedges, our loan yield would have been slightly higher as we remain very disciplined when pricing new loans, being sure that we are appropriately paid for the risk we are taking. We continue to see strength in our middle market Commercial and Industrial loan portfolio, with average and ending loans up 4% and 3% linked quarter, respectively. Demand is broad-based from both an industry and market standpoint. Our customers increasing investment in capital expenditures and M&A activities are driving much of our commercial growth. In addition, we are also beginning to see customers increase inventory investments, primarily due to rising commodity prices. Total Commercial and Industrial commitments rose $700 million linked quarter to $27 billion at March 31st. Our commercial and industrial line utilization rates are just over 41%, which is well below our historical norm. In fact, 25% of our Business Services customers with a commitment have zero outstanding balances. We continue to make progress in derisking our Investor Real Estate portfolio, with ending outstandings declining another $1.1 billion in the first quarter to $14.8 billion. Over the past 12 months, we have reduced this portfolio almost $6 billion, including a 60% decline in construction. Reducing our Investor Real Estate portfolio to no more than 100% of the bank's total regulatory capital or approximately $14 billion has been top priority. Additionally, going forward, we will continue to assess the appropriateness of this target. As noted on Slide 9, ending an average deposits were up 2% and 1%, respectively, driven by strong low cost deposit growth. Over the past 12 months, average low cost deposits have risen 6% compared to a 23% drop in time deposits. This positive mix shift continued in the first quarter, producing another 5 basis point decline in our overall deposit cost to 59 basis points. Our shift in funding mix to low cost deposits is also favorably impacting total funding costs which declined 5 basis points to 86 basis points. Turning to Slide 10. Taxable equivalent net interest income declined $14 million linked quarter or 2%, primarily due to fewer days in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. However, net interest income was up 4% over the same period in the prior year. Additionally, the first quarter net interest margin improved 7 basis points to 3.07%, and was attributable to slower prepayments resulting in lower premium amortization in our mortgage-backed securities portfolio, lower deposit cost and reduced average cash balances at the Federal Reserve. We continued to reprice our CDs at market rates, and in the second quarter, we have an additional $3.6 billion of CDs maturing that carry an average rate of 2.16%. While excess liquidity remains a drag on the margin, the effect is gradually diminishing. Excess liquidity negatively impacted the margin 10 basis points this quarter, down from fourth quarter's 11 basis points. In addition, nonaccrual interest reversals and nonperforming asset balances reduced first quarter's margin 16 basis points. During the first quarter, we executed sales of $2.4 billion of agency mortgage-backed securities, resulting in $82 million of security gains, the proceeds of which were reinvested in similar securities with slightly longer duration. Barring unexpected movement in interest rates, we expect our net interest margin to be relatively stable for the balance of this year. Let's now shift gears and look at noninterest revenue on Slide 11. Total noninterest revenue amounted to $843 million for the quarter, and on an adjusted basis totaled $764 million compared to an adjusted basis of $795 million in the fourth quarter. Adjustments in the first quarter primarily included $82 million of security gains. And in the fourth quarter included $333 million of security gains, $26 million of loan sale gains and $59 million of leverage lease termination gains, all of which is detailed in the appendix. Although adjusted noninterest revenues grew 4% year-over-year, they were down linked quarter primarily due to a 14% drop in brokerage and investment banking revenues, as well as seasonal adjustments for day count. As you may recall, Morgan Keegan's fourth quarter revenues benefited from several sizable investment banking transactions. In spite of seasonal challenges and regulatory changes, service charges were down only slightly linked quarter. Our customer focus and superior service quality are continuing to produce strong debit card volume and excellent fee-based account growth. Depending on ultimate regulatory changes related to interchange fees and implementation timing, we face fee income challenges in 2011. However, we have developed mitigation strategies to rationalize our business under the proposed rule changes. For instance, we began migrating accounts from free to fee eligible last May and now, all of our checking accounts are fee eligible. Also, our quality accounts which we defined as at least 10 customer transactions and over $500 in average balances per month, increased 2.2% this quarter when compared to the same period a year ago. And we continued to see a record level of penetration with our new checking account customers who are electing to have a debit card 90% of the time. Although mortgage originations were down on a linked quarter basis resulting in a $6 million decline in mortgage income, they remain strong compared to historical standards and were 13% higher compared to the same period a year ago. Turning to Slide 12. First quarter expenses were down despite the seasonal jump in payroll costs. Total noninterest expense was $1.167 billion for the quarter or 8% lower than the prior quarter. Excluding adjustments in the fourth quarter as detailed in our appendix, adjusted noninterest expenses dropped 4% linked quarter. This was driven by declines in credit related expenses such as other real estate expense, which declined 36% to $39 million. Also contributing to this decline were professional and legal fees which were down $11 million or 12%. Nonetheless, credit related expenses remained significant, accounting for 6% of first quarter adjusted noninterest expenses. Over time, we expect these expenses, which have been approximating $300 million to $400 million annually to subside. We remain focused on strengthening our core franchise through productivity and efficiency initiatives. As the chart on the bottom illustrates, we have reduced our headcount over 3,000 positions or 10% in the last 2 years. We will continue to rationalize our franchise, constraining expense growth without sacrificing investment opportunities. Slide 13 provides a snapshot of our healthy capital ratios and favorable liquidity position. Tier 1 Common is 7.9% and our Tier 1 ratio stands at 12.5%. Liquidity in both the bank and the holding company is solid as we have a bank loan to deposit ratio of 84.4% and cash at the parent company is above our policy minimum of maintaining a sufficient level of funding to meet projected cash needs which includes all of debt service, dividends and maturities for the next 2 years. Overall, this quarter's results provide solid evidence that our actions are moving us toward our goal of sustainable profitability. Now let me turn it back over to Grayson for his closing remarks.
O. Hall: Thanks, David. In summary, we are making progress and showing signs of improvement through solid core business performance, which included growth in commercial loans, continued improvement in loan cost deposits and margin expansion. We will be persistent in further improving productivity and efficiency, and even though credit costs remained elevated, we are committed to expediently and prudently dealing with our lagging credit challenges, I'll walk you in by emphasizing that our strategy for restoring Regions to sustainable profitability is working.  Recovery and rebuilding take time, but with each quarter that passes, we are making progress. We believe that by keeping focused on the customer and our business fundamentals that Regions franchise has the markets, the customers, the associates, the talent and products to, over time, generate attractive, high-quality returns for our shareholders. We are making prompt and necessary adjustments to our business models to deliver innovation in terms of products, service quality and value. We appreciate your time this morning. We will open the lines up for questions after a brief administrative comment from List Underwood. List?
M. Underwood: Thank you, Grayson. We'd like to ask that in the question-and-answer session, that you please limit your questions to one primary and one follow-up question per caller. This will help us accommodate all the callers given the total 1 hour timeframe allotted for the call. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Operator, let's open it up for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Erika Penala of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: My first question is on the rising mortgage TDRs. Barb, I was wondering if you could give us an update on how the redefault rate is trending and whether or not you're getting more new requests or you're reaching out more to your customers to restructure some of the firsts?
Barb Godin: I think you're -- yes, we are continuing to reach out to customers and our rescissions rate is actually running at 20% a little bit down from what it was last quarter, but still holding within that 20% to 22% that we reported through all prior quarters. But we still have a very active customer assistance program. Also making sure we're going out and also reappraising the book.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And my follow-up question is, David, on your comment that loan restructuring is now more economically attractive than loan sales, should we expect your TDR bucket to continue to increase, but sort of the NPL decline and the associated charge-off would be the same? But I guess restructuring in A B fashion gets you to recover more or retain more than if you had sold it in the secondary market as a note or -- am I reading that correctly?
David Turner: Yes, I think the -- what I'm saying is we expect that restructurings generally would result in better economics for us because you're not having to pay for the liquidity that you're providing, provided when you sell a loan. So as a result of restructurings, if we continue down that path, you should see increases in TDRs as a result. But the charge-offs, we would expect to be mitigated to some degree versus a straight up sale. We would do an A B note for restructure as you've mentioned and continue to have economics with the whole credit versus selling it, so that provides better opportunity for us to have a recovery and we realize we also continue to have credit risk associated with that note. So we're careful on the restructurings and that we'll do that when we think the overall economics are in our best interest.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Foran of Numora.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: On the expense guidance, I guess first just to clarify, when you say full year '11 expenses, flat relative to 2010 excluding debt extinguishment, so that's $4.9 billion, is the expectation for this year's expenses?
O. Hall: But what was said is, as David says in time, on a core basis, when you cut out the one time, that we believe our overall noninterest expense would be flat to trend somewhat down from where we were in 2010, on a core basis.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And then I guess looking further out, I mean post the AmSouth Regions deal, it seems like at some point expenses would get down to like $1 billion a quarter and I realized a lot of time has passed since then and there's investments that are required and everything like that. But I mean, how should we think about the long-term expense basis? Is there an opportunity at some point that kind of realize the efficiencies that were pent-up in the merger?
David Turner: Yes, I mean we, Brian to you full, we recognized a lot of the efficiencies, but given the cycle that we're in, we do believe there's more savings there. We've mentioned that were incurring, in a $300 million to $400 million per year, with just credit related expenses right now that we both believe will go away as credit continues to improve. We do have further efficiencies as we think about rationalizing our markets and rationalizing our business that we can continue to execute on when the time is right to do things like that. So you can see our number in the first quarter on an adjusted basis was $1.167 billion, and you could affect that for roughly $75 million to $100 million just with credit related expenses. So we do have efficiencies on top of that to come.
O. Hall: Well we are still driving efficiencies to our business. We were down over another 250 positions from a headcount perspective in the first quarter over our fourth quarter and we're continuing to achieve quite a bit of the system efficiencies across a number of discretionary spending categories and we'll continue to do that going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank. [Technical Difficulty]
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: Just the overall, the C&I loans have been growing nicely the past I think three quarters, but we are hearing about some price competition out there in that area. I'm just wondering what kind of spreads that you're seeing in the C&I bucket and how that compares to a few quarters ago?
O. Hall: Yes, I mean, there's no doubt that there are in the commercial and industrial space, there's certain segments in that, that have clearly become more competitive. I would tell you that when you look at it in terms of spreads and yields, we still are seeing an improved level of spreads and yields on our new production on commercial and industrial over and above what we were getting. It has gotten more competitive. You do hear of transactions that would indicate that there's a lot of spread and yield compression on some of these new transactions, but I would tell you that when you hear those anecdotally but when we dig in to the data and we really analyzed what we're putting on the books, we're still very pleased that we are getting compensated for the risk we're taking and are pleased with the spreads and yields that we're able to achieve.
David Turner: I'd also add that when we think about the footprint that we operate in and really focus on service quality and the relationships that we're building with our customers, that relationship allows you to not just sell on price. We don't want to be a volume-price institution. We want to be providing proper service, fair price. We want the relationship because we want the total customer, not just the loan and that we're able to, we think, being we're able to maintain the spreads that we need even though there's stronger competition out there. The commercial middle market small business really provides an opportunity to really work through the relationship and get paid per link.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, and we can obviously see some of that in the average loan yields overall which have been stable even though the loan mix has been derisking here so that makes sense. And then just my follow-up question, if we look at the NPA reconciliation table, the resolutions and return to accruals came down a bit versus the last couple of quarters and I'm just wondering if there is some seasonality there or is it just there are a couple of good quarters there in 3Q?
O. Hall: Yes, I'll ask Barb to answer that directly. But there is some timing issues that fall into that regard as we started working on restructurings with some of our business customers, that in this particular quarter, we had less of those that were seasoned to a point to return the accrual than in prior quarters. Barb?
Barb Godin: Yes, in addition to that, third and fourth quarters are normally our seasonal highs and roughly I already pointed out for restructures, reaccruels, we wait up audited financial statements. We typically don't get most of our audited financial statements then until sometime late in the first quarter into the second quarter, again that's providing an opportunity for the restructures in the third and fourth quarter. And then some good news is that several accounts that we were planning to actually reaccrue actually paid us off in full. So again, I'll take that trade-off as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: It seems like that we're starting to put some numbers out there to help us gauge around what normalized earnings would look like with the credit costs and the provisioning, I was trying to kind of step wise from what you were saying to try to get to maybe where you're kind of guiding us in a range. If I take the earnings this quarter and back out the security gains, that puts us at about a $0.03 loss. You didn't go through the credit costs of $0.26 so that puts us at about a $0.23 profit or about $0.92 a year. And then in addition to that, we can add about $0.15 if we improved our margin bout 25 basis points from where we're at. So that would put us somewhere around $1.07 or at least north of $1. David, how are you thinking about that and what are your kind of giving us some clues, just wanted to try to cobble them together in the overall thought process.
David Turner: The cobbled was right. We are trying to give you -- obviously, we're not going to give you earnings guidance, but we're going to give you bits and pieces. It's still obviously a very fragile economy. You can kind of look at our PPNR overtime and see where that, you ought to be -- if you stay at that level you can actually get pretty close to where you think our projected PPNR will be. And the story for us in terms of ultimate profitability is what credit looks like. We certainly are making progress on migration and early and late stage delinquencies and those trends and potential problems, all of those are trending better and we're feeling better about credit. We still have a robust reserve and see strong coverage in nonperformers, so we're adequately reserved there. And I think just as our charge-offs continue to improve, then you can start -- that's the key as to what will that look like in a "normalized world "and when will it be normal. So I think we've given you some tidbits. Your math you're going through is reasonable, but we have to -- we're going to stop short of giving specific guidance.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: And then my 1 follow up will be, when you're talking about credit costs and the $0.26 per share and that includes loan loss provisioning, are you putting that to a normalized level or are you just backing out all provision?
David Turner: Yes. We're backing out this -- what happened to this quarter, backing it all out.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: So that would not be a normalized level, but would be all of the provisioning that you have this quarter.
David Turner: That's right.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc.: Can you talk as well about the potential problem loan number was for the quarter? I know you just indicated that it was trending better, but do you have that amount? And then also, how that may convey into your outlook for NPAs here, just given the decline in flows this quarter?
David Turner: I'll start and let Barb finish up with the other part. Our potential problem loan number that was in our annual report was about $800 million and then you saw our migration of $730 million during the quarter. We are actually in the process of pulling that potential problem loan together. It will be in our first quarter 10-Q which we expect to file the first week in May. So we don't have that number yet, but in terms of trends and NPAs, Barb?
Barb Godin: Yes, what we would look at is, for example our 90-day plus as you can see that 90-day plus number was down, our criticized number was down, our plus [indiscernible] number was down. I would anticipate that our potential problem loan number will likely follow that same trend, but again, we don't have both numbers pulled together yet. But all of the signs are saying that a little more positive than what we've seen previously.
John Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay. And then my follow-up is, that being said, can you talk to us about your thought process around when you can start to see the ability to under provide here and release some reserves. I know you had mentioned before that you didnt see some sustainability in terms of credit trends, it looks we're starting to see that here. So could we expect some under provisioning materializing next quarter?
David Turner: Well, we haven't mentioned specific quarters in terms of when that would happen. What we tried to do is give you the things we look at that we think are the biggest drivers and that obviously is our nonperforming loan migration and then our resulting nonperforming loan balances, those are key influences on our methodology. We have been and we'll continue to be prudent with regards to how we establish the reserve and we will follow that methodology and what it indicates that we can provide less than our charge-offs, we'll do so. But we are going to be cautious and prudent with regards to what we ultimately do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG: Just really a thought to my second question on the NPL resolutions, it looks like where really slow resolutions kind of drove the lack of improvement NPL balances this quarter and it sounds like from your kind of answers that the 1Q run rate was fairly clean. So what I'm wondering is how do you expect NPLs over the next quarter to decline? Is it really from lower inflows? Because if we don't get higher resolutions at this point, it will be tougher balances to decline?
Barb Godin: No, we actually do anticipate resolutions to go up. What we think about there, theyre seasonal, number 1. And number 2, as Grayson had mentioned, there's a six-month seasoning period for any that we have gone ahead and restructuring before we can actually put them back to performing status. So we see all of that as we look on our pipelines we see some opportunities that are existing in there right now for us.
O. Hall: And I would add to that, if you look at the release, we actually sold this time roughly $219 million of problem assets and all from $405 million last quarter. We're being much more disciplined around the economics of those sales. First quarter appeared a little seasonally low from where we would have anticipated coming in. We are going to continue that disposition strategy, but we're going to balance it, as David said and Barb has said, with more focus on restructuring, but we're going to continue to dispose. And we do think that there are a number of seasonal factors that drove our nonperforming assets and nonperforming loans to not come down more than they did this quarter and we would anticipate an improvement in that going forward.
Barb Godin: Just one follow-up from myself is that in some of our normal loan sales, we have some what we call retrading that happened at the end of the quarter where we had some of the buyers come back and want to talk about terms and structures and we decided to step away from some of those conversations and have those conversations again this quarter instead of just going in and executing it at potentially a lower price, or a poor loan structure than we otherwise would have done last quarter.
O. Hall: Well, the other thing you can't see is in the numbers, the number of notes that we sold, the number of properties that we sold this quarter was actually more than we sold in the fourth quarter because as we have been on this disposition strategy for some time, we're getting down to smaller and smaller dollar value assets. And they still take roughly the same amount of time regardless of the dollar value but we actually moved more properties this quarter than last.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG: Got it. And then just a follow-up, given kind of two quarters here of profitability, given your expectations for NPA balances to decline then, I'm wondering, how does this change kind of your expectation for TARP repayment?
O. Hall: Well, it really doesn't change. We are clearly focused on making sure we sustain our profitability and that we show a clear turn in credit. We believe that, that's the appropriate thing for us to do and we're going to let results speak for themselves. But our strategy really has not changed at this juncture.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I was hoping, I heard your comments about the fact that loans -- there'll continue to be net pressure on loans. But I'm just wondering with the -- there hasn't really been a change in the Delta on the loan shrinkage side. And I'm wondering if you could help us understand how low can low go? Meaning, do you have an understanding of where you think the bottom will be before that C&I growth and the stabilization of some of the runoff levels out?
David Turner: Yes, Ill tell you in kind of global terms what we've been saying is, we expect the total loan balances to drip down a little bit in the first half of the year, have a little bit of recovery in the second half such that we come close to finishing about where we started. So I think what we're going to do is, we're going to continue to derisk on the Investor Real Estate. That has slowed somewhat last year, I think our average was about $1.5 billion a quarter. This past quarter, we're at about $1.1 billion. So we see that decline slowing somewhat and we have had growth in C&I for 9 months. We'll see some seasonality and slowness in the first part of the year here and it'll finish stronger in the second half. So all that is predicated on where the economy goes. So that's our best guess on total loan balances right now.
O. Hall: Because in our internal forecast, we still got a fairly modest economic growth factor that we're looking at and so when we're making internal projections on loan growth. We're being prudent and conservative in that regard. We're trying to judge on total outstanding loans, we're trying to judge really 3 issues is 1, how much new production on both the business and consumer side will we be able to generate? Those numbers are encouraging, our production numbers are up substantially across every line of business. We're also trying to judge just exactly what the pace of decline on the investor commercial real estate portfolio will be. We've made several projections and, as David said, it has slowed, but we still are reducing the size of that portfolio substantially. It has exceeded our earlier expectations for where what we will be today. We are still seeing the 3rd issue is consumer deleveraging. When the consumers stops deleveraging or slows down that deleveraging process, then we'll start to see some decent growth on the consumer loan side of our business and we are introducing new products and we'll be over the next several months to try to grow that consumer side of our business and we said before, we really, would like to get to sort of a 50-50 mix between business and consumer loans on our balance sheet.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Got you. And then, Grayson, you said on part of my follow-up, which is within the CRE business, understanding the 100% of equity limitation that you mentioned earlier, first of all, I guess are you seeing any gross loan opportunities start to percolate in the CRE side? And is that 100% limit any type of major limit on your ability to kind of reengage in the CRE market?
O. Hall: I think that several months ago, we came out with an internal goal of reducing that portfolio to no more than 100% of risk based capital. And we'll achieve that this year and feel pretty confident in where we'll be quite frankly, we have the other concern. Our concern is while we are seeing some opportunities in investor commercial real estate space, they are very limited and we are not seeing new production opportunities rebound with any materiality and if they don't, then we'll see that portfolio decline below that $14 billion mark, which is not a problem, and as David said in his comments, we continue to reassess just exactly what our targeted outstandings in that business should be going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Valentin of FBR.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just with regard to potential com equity level [common equity], it slipped just a tad below 6%. And was curious and I guess your comfort level there and whether theres any type of decision to consciously grow that level back up?
David Turner: Yes, I mean, from a capital standpoint, obviously, we're impacted by the unrealized gain or loss changes as a result of the 10-year moving around. We really focus and run our business looking at Tier 1 common as the predominant capital measure. We're at 7.9% there. We dipped just below 6% on the tangible side, but we don't see anything that causes us concern that makes us want to believe we need to raise capital outside of the TARP repayment. That's been our consistent theme throughout the quarters but well receive that question and its true today.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. And then just a follow-up question, if I may, on the Securities portfolio, I think it grew pretty substantially this quarter from the fourth quarter and I think you also referenced the fact that duration increased a little bit. I'm just curious if you can give some color around what's happening in the Securities portfolio?
David Turner: Yes, we obviously, when you don't have a tremendous amount of growth in loan portfolio, you have to put cash somewhere, so we're in the securities book and it's higher than what we want it to be. We have it in a safe investment portfolio, take very little credit risk there. We primarily have used that for liquidity. But we will -- you can't just look at the duration of the investment portfolio, you really have to look at the construct of our entire balance sheet. So we're very cognizant of the duration and the risk that is embedded in that with the risk of a rising rate environment and when we see the opportune time we'll reposition and put those to work, securities to work differently. So I think right now we think it's the right answer, but we are looking very closely at it and as opportunities arise, we'll make different decisions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Ketron of Citigroup.
Gregory Ketron - Citigroup Inc: A couple of questions. 1, on mortgage income, it looks like your mortgage income held up better than what we've been seeing across the industry which has been down anywhere from 30% to 40%, maybe just some color on why your mortgage income levels held up better.
O. Hall: Yes, I mean when you look at the mortgages, no doubt we're starting to see a drop in application volume, which is typical to see this time of year as a seasonal issue. But we actually saw mortgage bookings ahead of where we were last year. We are seeing a shift from refinancings to the new home purchase, refinancings dropped this particular quarter just over 50%, 51%, I believe, was the exact number and that's down substantially from where it was at last quarter. We are not, as rates have increased. We're not seeing the kind of application volume we were seeing, but in the first quarter, we had strong results really for work that we had established late in the fourth quarter and we are gaining share on a number of competitors in our market and I think this next quarter's really going to tell the story, because I mean typically in the second and third quarter, your biggest quarters for mortgage origination and we're really going to find out what that market's going to do in the next quarter or so. Encouraged by where we're at, the concern with the declining level of application volume.
David Turner: Greg, it's David. I think that maybe some of the peers have purchases than the losses associated with repurchase in that mortgage income line item. We actually account for that in our NIE and that number is pretty small for us. We hadn't gotten caught up in the issue that others have had. So imagine repurchased losses for others have been more significant and probably netting down mortgage income.
O. Hall: And ours are up slightly, but still way below peer.
Gregory Ketron - Citigroup Inc: Okay great, appreciate the color. And then David, just a follow-up on the $300 million to $400 million of credit expenses, if you were to normalize that number, what level would that be longer-term?
David Turner: Well, I think that if you look at a large percentage of that $300 million or $400 million ought to go away in time, and the question is when. So it won't be every dollar-per-dollar. But it will be substantial majority of that number we think in time will go away.
Gregory Ketron - Citigroup Inc: Okay. So it could approach close to 0 or something pretty insignificant?
David Turner: Well, you would have you would have to use -- I'll give you the substantial majority of that ought to go away.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Gamaitoni of Compass.
Christopher Gamaitoni : On the OREO side, could you give us a little more color around how OREO expenses decreased quarter-over-quarter given the fall in home price HPIs, increased foreclosure timelines and general amount of disturbance and the foreclosure industry?
David Turner: Yes, I think that I'll let Barb follow-up, but from an expense standpoint, there's really 2 components to drive that expense. 1, is just your normal operations taxes and property maintenance and those kinds of things which is a smaller piece of that total and the others are valuation declines and so we think when we take charges, because we foreclose something, that's running through our charge-off number so what you see there are any subsequent valuation changes and we've seen those valuation, depending on what markets you're in, we see some of the valuation starting to stabilize, others are not and that's why you see the number we have at $39 million. But Barb, anything you want to add?
Barb Godin: Well my follow-up would be if you looked again to last quarter, it was $61 million and compared that to $39 million this quarter. And that in and of itself was primarily made up of the difference in the valuation charges. Property preservation expenses have stayed relatively flat on properties we have. And again, as you said, foreclosure timelines are extended. They're still running somewhere around that 20, 22 month mark in Florida and again, that leads into our numbers as you've seen.
Christopher Gamaitoni : And what's your policy to reevaluate those assets while they're in OREO again?
Barb Godin: We do them on a 6-month basis.
Christopher Gamaitoni : And then there's kind of...
David Turner: Well we do that on a 6-month basis, but if we evaluate property and there's one next door to it, then we'll use that particular appraisal as an indicator of valuation of the other properties. So it's a little misleading just to say 6 months because it's incumbent upon us to get the mark right every quarter.
Christopher Gamaitoni : Okay. And then kind of in the same breath as OREO, do you participate in any of the OREO exchange programs that were outlined by the OCC in their March 24th letter?
Barb Godin: No, we don't.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Just a quick question on C&I, I wanted to understand where you're seeing the demand, the types of products that you're seeing and then obviously, your C&I is going up in a flattish market environment so I wanted to understand that.
O. Hall: If you look at it, really, as I mentioned a moment ago, it's a combination of increased line utilization which has been an encouraging sign as we saw little bit of our commercial industrial customer starting to access those lines. We had initially thought that they would access their liquidity that they're keeping with us and depository accounts before they started accessing the lines. It appears thats not happening, that they're accessing the lines and holding the liquidity. When you look at the products that, when you look at the reasons why that, as we said earlier, you're seeing some capital expenditure activity that had been put off for quite some time and now they're at the juncture that they are spending again for capital projects. In addition, we're seeing quite a bit of M&A activity. They're using the opportunity to acquire assets and competitors in what has turned out to be a slow recovery environment. I'd also mention that we got a number of specialty industries that continue to show strength. We've mentioned them in the past. I would say the strongest of that group right now is in the Energy sector but we also are seeing strength in Transportation, and Healthcare has been sort of a solid performer for us all along. It continues to perform and those are the segments that predominantly we're seeing the opportunities in.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then as -- on the credit side for C&I and CRE, alike obviously, a big function down in your NCOs this quarter, just wanted to understand on the CRE side, was that related to any specific lumpiness in the prior quarters? Are you now at a run rate to continue to improve from here or do you see that there's still some lumpy exposures in there that could drive that number to be volatile?
Barb Godin: There's still going to be some lumpy exposures, certainly, a lot less volatility, a lot less product relative to the outstanding balances. What we did see is that the land single-family and condo, they contributed to the -- in migration fell pretty dramatically between quarters. It's going to bounce around a little bit as we come out of this. As one can expect, but we do again, see some volatility on those numbers.
Operator: Your final question comes from Jefferson Harralson of KBW.
Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I want to ask you about the regulatory detail; it looks like a small amount $40 million was disallowed this quarter. I wondered if that was just driven by a lower forecast earnings or it hit some sort of limitation?
David Turner: It was primarily driven by the fact that if you look at the gross number, it was up $80 million, so $40 million of that was counted in capital and $40 million was disallowed just based on the math. So it really wasn't a dramatic change. We also went over a year or so. There's some impact to the tax credits that we have in terms of how the math works on the allowance calculation, but really look at the gross going up $80 million and half of that going into the calculations being the big driver.
Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thank you that's helpful, I guess with that answer, I suppose there's no read through to the potential of GAAP DTA change there?
David Turner: Right. There's no issue from our perspective in terms of realization from a GAAP basis.
O. Hall: Well, we thank everyone for your time and participation this morning and that this will conclude our meeting. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member of the Executive Council O. Hall - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer, President of Regions Bank, Chief Operating Officer of Regions Bank and Director of Regions Bank Barb Godin - EVP and Consumer Credit Executive M. Underwood - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG Christopher Gamaitoni  Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Kevin St. Pierre - Bernstein Research Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners, LLC Christopher Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Heather Wolf - UBS Investment Bank Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corp.'s Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Melissa, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin.
M. Underwood: Good morning, everyone, and we appreciate very much your participation today. Our presenters are our President and Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner; and also here and available to answer questions is Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer.  Let me quickly touch on our presentation format. We have prepared a short slide presentation to accompany David's comments. It's available under the Investor Relations section at regions.com. For those of you in the investment community that dialed in by phone, once you are on the Investor Relations section of our website, just click on Live Phone Player, and the slides will automatically advance in sync with the audio of the presentation. A copy of the slides is available on our website. With that said, I'll direct your attention to the forward-looking statements slide that should be on the screen right now, and then I'll turn it over to Grayson.
O. Hall: Thank you, List. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in Regions Financial. Fourth quarter results reflected continued progress towards achieving our primarily goal of returning Regions to sustainable profitability. In the quarter, Regions' reported earnings were $36 million, up $0.03 per share profit, which included elevated credit costs that were partially offset by our decision to preserve our capital position by recognizing approximately $333 million of investment security gains. On an after-tax basis, the impact of security gains amounted to approximately $0.16 per share. Credit costs, including provisioning, OREO and marks on loans held-for-sale were an estimated $0.37 per share after tax. Notably, our core business performance this quarter included solid growth in the middle-market C&I loans of $1 billion or 5%. Strong low-cost or positive growth of $1.1 billion or 2% and an increase in our net interest income and margin and a $47 million or 6% rise in adjusted non-interest income. Additionally, non-loss provision matched net charge-offs of $682 million. Although challenges remain, we are encouraged by signs of economic recovery, generally improving credit quality metrics, and our continued success in properly expanding our customer base. We are recognizing an improving economy in most of our markets, but we expect the southeastern economy to recover at a somewhat slower space, particularly in Florida, where housing remains a serious concern and unemployment continues to stubbornly hover at 12%. We expect to continue make-steady progress towards our goal of returning Regions to sustainable profitability, while also aggressively working through problem assets and reducing our more distressed loan portfolios. We did sell $405 million in distressed loans and foreclosed property in the fourth quarter in our investor real estate loans at period totaled $15.9 billion. We have taken a strong stance and subjected our loan portfolios to rigorous internal and external reviews. We have a solid understanding of the risk of our portfolio and are confident in our ability to successfully resolve the remaining problem assets. Furthermore, our early and late stage delinquencies are down again and internally risk-rated problem loans have now declined for the fourth quarter in row, a precursor we think to additional improvements in non-performing loan inflows. In fact, fourth quarter gross non-performing loan inflows, while still elevated, were down approximately $400 million or 29% from the third quarter low. Total non-performing assets declined over $300 million linked-quarter or 7% marking the third consecutive quarterly decrease. Investor real estate continues to drive non-performing loan inflows at 56% of the total non-performing loan inflow this quarter. As a result, we remained disciplined and cautious in our continuous assessment of credit quality, which has led us to classify a number of credits as non-performing due to identified weaknesses even though they are current and paying as agreed. With that in mind, approximately 37% of business services and non-performing loans at year-end were current and paying as agreed, an increase from 36% at September 30. Income-producing investor real estate accounted for 29% of fourth quarter total non-performing loan inflows compared to 23% a year ago. Although we are devoting considerable time and resources to working through credit issues, the majority of our associates' focus is on profitable growth in our core business. In the fourth quarter alone, average low-cost deposits grew $1.4 billion, bringing the full-year 2010 increase to nearly $7 billion. This further improved our deposit mix and lowered our overall deposit cost. And for the second consecutive year, I'm proud to say that we, again, achieved a strong year in new Checking Account openings, with 996,000 open, right at our goal of 1 million new accounts. At year-end, CDs represented 24% of total deposits, down from 32% in the same period last year. Our overall cost deposits have declined 51 basis points from 115 basis points a year ago and a total 64 basis points for the fourth quarter of this year from last year. During 2011, we expect our deposit mix and cost to continue to improve. As to loans, commercial loan production totaled $14.4 billion, of which $4.9 billion was new loan production, a 50% increase over the same period in the prior year. We experienced solid C&I loan growth in the fourth quarter, C&I period loans primarily middle-market, up 5% or $1 billion linked-quarter. Notably, C&I increases were more broadly distributed across our footprint as 14 of 20 markets increased C&I outstandings in the quarter and at the top of the company, we had increased C&I outstandings overall for six straight months. This did not come from line utilization. Line utilization remains at historic levels, just slightly above 40%, as commercial customers are still not yet building their working capital, but we are seeing loan growth from capital expenditures, mergers, acquisitions and industries with high capital needs, such as healthcare, transportation, and oil and gas. And importantly, most of our loan growth is attributed to taking market share from competitors. In the fourth quarter, we experienced a 5% growth in line commitments and our sales pipelines remain strong. Consumer loan production was $3.2 billion, with $2.6 billion in mortgage production, and importantly, $143 million on lending production. Consumer loan outstandings continue to decline as individuals are still paying down debt, but we are starting to see positive signs. Mortgage production for the year was $8.2 billion, and as I mentioned, $2.6 billion for the fourth quarter alone. In the fourth quarter, we did reduce investor real estate to $1.6 billion, bringing full-year 2010 decline to approximately $6 billion. Additionally, aggregate loans outstanding are also impacted by the fourth quarter by the sale of approximately $965 million in residential first mortgages, which David will provide further detail in a moment. Looking ahead, we continue to leverage our strength as a top, small business lender by emphasizing our branch base, small business lending to preferred industries, staying focused on increasing sales of existing products and introducing new consumer product solutions. We expect to see positive results from changes in our consumer and small business model. Furthermore, we should see middle-market C&I loans continue to grow this year as we benefit from our strong franchise, active calling program, broad-based product capability and superior customer service. Nonetheless, total loans outstandings are likely to be challenged in 2011, using the ongoing de-risking strategy of our portfolio. Fee income is another area where our growth strategies are paying off. Our 2010 mortgage production of $8.2 billion was the second-best in Regions' history. Morgan Keegan achieved results of 12% over third quarter and 9% over the same period a year ago. Assets under management are up to $157 billion or 3.5% higher than the third quarter and 7.9% over the prior year period. We also experienced a record quarter in interchange and ATM income for the year, $368 million. Debit card income is up 18% compared to the same period a year ago, driven by an 8% increase in cards and 13% increase in spending levels. In addition, our new check accounts customers are electing to have debit cards 87% of the time, a record level of penetration for this product. In fact, despite a tough offering environment, we have achieved year-over-year fourth quarter growth in virtually all of our fee-based businesses. Nevertheless, depending on ultimate regulatory changes related to interchange fees and the timing of their implementation, we face additional fee income challenges in 2011. We are working to develop mitigation strategies to rationalize our business under these proposed rule changes. These changes obviously will impact the way we charge for banking services. But as our ways, our' business requires that we deliver value to our customers in terms of service, products, features and pricing. We are trying to better understand both the intended and the unintended consequences of these changes. But we know our business and we will promptly make the necessary adjustments. In summary, we are encouraged by an improving economic environment this year and strongly believe we have the appropriate strategies in place to capitalize on quality revenue growth opportunities, while continuing to limit operating expenses and eliminate non-essential spending. The regulatory challenges will present revenue headwinds, but we're already taking steps to mitigate the potential negative impact. Our customer focus is resulting in incrementally profitable business and increasing market share. Although credit costs are expected to remain elevated in the near term, it should begin to diminish during the year. Our capital and liquidity positions are strong. All in all, we expect continued progress towards our primary goal of returning Regions to sustainable profitability. Finally, I want to thank Regions' associates for their hard work. Their attention to service quality and loyalty continued to pay-off in the fourth quarter and throughout the year. The company's success on this front has been validated by Gallup, which has identified Regions as the top-decile performer in customer loyalty. According to JD Power & Associates, Regions ranks among the most improved retail banks in customer satisfaction, and in the top five in customer satisfaction in the country among primary mortgage servicing companies. And Regions also ranked fourth in 2010 U.S. Small Business Banking Satisfaction Survey. Independent research by TNS ranks Regions' brand favorability the highest of 11 major banks tested within our company's market. Additionally, Prime Performance recently recognized Regions as the top scorer in the category of friendliness and best for overall satisfaction, with service among all large and regional banks, which favorably positions Regions to gain market share. By adhering to our strategy of focusing on the customer, we are continuing to build a stronger company, which will result in long term benefit to our stakeholders. David?
David Turner: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin with a summary of our fourth quarter results on Slide 1. As Grayson mentioned, our fourth quarter earnings amounted to $0.03 per diluted share. Pretax, pre-provision net revenue or PPNR totaled $824 million, including several non-core transactions, which are reflected in the supplement on Page 10 and included $333 million in security gains, a $26 million gain related to residential mortgage loans sales; $59 million in leverage lease termination gains, which were offset by a similar amount of tax expense; and a $55 million loss related to the early extinguishment of debt. Adjusting for these items, our adjusted PPNR was $461 million, 2% higher than the prior quarter and 19% higher compared to the same period a year ago. On an annual basis, adjusted PPNR was 4% higher for the full-year 2010 versus 2009. Within PPNR, net interest income was up $9 million and the resulting net interest margin improved four basis points to 3%. Adjusted non-interest revenues totaled $795 million, up 6% linked-quarter reflecting strong revenues at Morgan Keegan. Increased debit card volume and fee-based account growth helped somewhat offset the negative impact from Regulation E. Adjusted non-interest expenses increased $49 million or 4% third to fourth quarter, negatively impacted by an increase in professional and legal fees and incentive-based compensation. Regarding credit quality, the level of non-performing loans declined over $200 million or 6% link quarter. This represents the third consecutive quarter of decline in non-performing loans. The provision for loan losses declined $78 million to $682 million and essentially equaled net charge-offs. Our allowance to net loans ratio increased seven basis points to 3.84%. Let's now take a more detailed look at our credit results beginning with NPL inflows. The inflow of non-performing loans declined to $947 million in the fourth quarter, 29% less than the third quarter's $1.3 billion. Our early and late stage delinquencies are down again, and our internally risk-related problem loans declined for the fourth consecutive quarter. These asset quality indicators serve as an important barometer in estimating future inflows of problem loans. And as a result, we expect future NPL inflows to continue this downward trend throughout 2011. Income producing commercial real estate continues to drive NPL inflows, accounting for a 29% of fourth quarter's migration. As a reminder, income producing CRE credits can be more easily restructured and should ultimately result in lower loss severities than our Land, Condo and Single Family portfolio, which together totaled $3.2 billion as of year-end. These portfolios contributed approximately 28% of fourth quarter's NPL inflows. A substantial portion of our non-performing loans continues to be current and paying as agreed. 37% of our total business services NPLs that remained as of year-end or current and paying as agreed, up from 36% in the third quarter and 23% from a year ago. Now let's look at our overall non-performing assets. As you can see, non-performing assets declined 7% this quarter from $4.2 billion to $3.9 billion and have now declined three consecutive quarters. We sold over $405 million of NPAs this quarter at a discount of approximately 25%, with $96 million consisting of OREO and the remaining $309 million from non-accrual assets sales. Moving on to net charge-offs. Net charge-offs declined $78 million linked-quarter, $682 million or an annualized 3.22% of average loans. At year-end, 2010, our loan-loss allowance for the non-performing loan coverage ratio was 101%, up from a year earlier's 89%, as well as the prior quarter's 94%. The continued decline in gross migration of non-performing loans and the continued decline in non-performing loan balances will be key indicators in determining our provision expense in future periods. Turning to the balance sheet, Slide 5 breaks down this quarter's change in loans. Ending an average loans were down 2%. However, again this quarter, we saw strength in our middle market C&I loan portfolio as average and ending loans increased 3% and 5% linked-quarter, respectively. Much of this loan growth was attributable to taking a market share from our competitors as evidenced by growth in line commitments, which increased from $25 billion in September to $26.3 billion or 5% at the end of the year. And as Grayson stated earlier, our customer's utilization rates have not returned to normalized levels, but continued to persist at lower rates of approximately 40%. In fact, 25% of our business services customers with a commitment have zero outstanding balances. Ending investor real estate declined 9% and has been reduced 27% this year. We will continue to de-risk this portfolio in 2011 and are still targeting to reduce this portfolio to 100% of the bank's risk-based capital, which currently approximates to $14 billion. The linked-quarter decline in residential first mortgage portfolio is due to the $965 million sale, which I will discuss in a moment. Moving on to deposits. Ending and average deposits were relatively, stable third to fourth quarter. But the mix continued to improve with average low-cost deposits of 2% compared to 7% decline in average time deposits. For the year, average low-cost deposits rose 11% compared to a 27% decline in time deposits. Our shift in funding mix to low-cost deposit is favorably impacting our total funding cost as well. In fact, our total funding cost declined 11 basis points to 0.91% in the quarter. Taxable equivalent net interest income improved $10 million or 1% linked-quarter and increased $97 million or 3% for the full-year 2010, versus 2009. The net interest margin improved four basis points during the quarter to 3% and was up 28 basis points year-over-year. Deposit costs declined another six basis points to 0.64% in the fourth quarter and have declined 51 basis points in total this year. Pricing opportunities remain to reduce deposit cost, as we have approximately $13.5 billion of CDs maturing in 2011. And of that, we have $4.8 billion of CDs maturing in the first quarter that carry an average rate of 2.28% and will be re-priced at lower market rate. We continue to experience improvement in loan pricing as evidenced by this quarter's five basis points rise in loan yields to 4.34%. We remained disciplined when pricing new loans, ensuring we are appropriately paid for the risk we are taking and believe that going forward, widening loan spreads will be a key determinant of margin improvement. That said, the margin will face some headwinds in the near-term. As a result of the rating's actions during the fourth quarter, we became more defensive from a liquidity perspective and continued to maintain a low loan-to-deposit ratio of 88%. Excess liquidity impacted the margin by 11 basis points this quarter compared to eight basis points in the prior quarter. During the fourth quarter, we executed sales of $8.1 billion of agency, mortgage-backed securities resulting in $333 million of security gains. The proceeds which were re-invested in similar securities was slightly longer durations. And as previously noted, we also sold $965 million of residential first mortgages in the fourth quarter, and re-invested the proceeds in Ginnie Mae securities. Both of these transactions allow us to preserve capital. As a result of the securities repositioning, the sale of mortgage loans and increases in longer duration deposits, the balance sheet in total remains asset sensitive. However, the impact to our net interest margin from our investment portfolio repositioning and the other activities for the first quarter is estimated to be between five and 10 basis points lower. Let's now shift gears and look at non-interest revenue and expenses for the quarter. Adjusted non-interest revenues increased 6% linked-quarter, driven by a solid interchange income due to increased debit card volume and fee-based account growth and an increase in Morgan Keegan revenues, which reflected strength in investment banking and private clients. Non-interest revenue was negatively impacted $13 million by mortgage servicing rights valuations. Regulation E negatively impacted service charge revenue in the second half of 2010 by approximately $57 million, which is in line with our estimate last quarter of between $50 million and $60 million. We began migrating accounts from free to fee eligible last May, and by March 1 of this year, all of our new and existing checking accounts will be fee eligible. This, along with our mitigation efforts and interchange income growth is largely offsetting Regulation E's effect. Importantly, we have implemented these changes while still growing low cost deposits.  Excluding the impact of the Durbin Amendment, which is not yet finalized, we expect 2011 core non-interest revenues to increase somewhat over the 2010 level. Excluding the $55 million loss on early extinguishment of debt, fourth quarter adjusted non-interest expenses rose $49 million or 4% linked-quarter due to a $21 million linked-quarter rise in professional and legal fees and incentive-based compensation. Expenses related to other real estate owned and loans held-for-sale continued to be elevated and amounted to $75 million in the fourth quarter versus $70 million in the third quarter. However, in 2011, these costs are expected to gradually improve versus fourth quarter 2010's level. We fully recognize that in today's environment, we must remain diligent in our efforts to manage expenses, especially since we continue to forecast a low growth, low rate environment for an extended period of time. Consequently, we constantly review all areas of staffing and have eliminated approximately 700 positions in 2010. We also review occupancy and discretionary expenditures for opportunities to improve productivity and efficiency. We expect our core non-interest expenses in 2011 to be slightly down from the 2010 level. Let me now discuss our capital and liquidity. As part of our capital planning process, we recently concluded our capital plans for our board and regulatory supervisors. Our current Tier 1 Common and Tier 1 ratios stand at a solid 7.9% and 12.4%, respectively. And on a Basel III pro forma are 7.6% and 11.4%, well-above the respective 7% and 8.5% minimums required under Basel III. Let me also point out that our capital ratios at the bank level remained healthy as well. When evaluating our capital ratios, we primarily manage the Tier 1 Common ratio because we believe that risk-based measure is the most appropriate one in assessing our capital. Our liquidity at both the bank and the holding company remains solid. In summary, we believe that fourth quarter results demonstrate that we are making solid progress in executing our plan to return Regions to sustainable profitability. With that, operator, that concludes our remarks and we can open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kevin St. Pierre of Sanford Bernstein.
Kevin St. Pierre - Bernstein Research: The third quarter 10-Q, you had identified $1 billion of potential problem commercial and investor real estate loans, and then looking at the NPL inflow slide, Slide 2, is it correct that about $700 million of those went on NPL status?
David Turner: Kevin, which slide are you...
Kevin St. Pierre - Bernstein Research: I'm looking at the NPL inflows by Type, Slide 2, the left side.
David Turner: Restate your question again, Kevin .
Kevin St. Pierre - Bernstein Research: So in the Q, you had identified -- you said approximately as of September 30, 2010, you had approximately $1 billion potential problem commercial and investor real estate.
David Turner: That's the $947 million as equivalent to that $1 billion that we've stated over the potential problems.
Kevin St. Pierre - Bernstein Research: So the $947 million is the number now?
David Turner: $947 million is the actual number that migrated in the non-performing this quarter. The $1 billion was our estimate of those loans that were current and paying as agreed, they were accruing loans but had the potential because of some risk that we saw in them could migrate in the future quarters to non-performing. So the $947 million came out of that $1 billion.
Kevin St. Pierre - Bernstein Research: So predominantly all of them float into non-performing?
David Turner: That's correct.
Kevin St. Pierre - Bernstein Research: And can you update that $1 billion number for December 31?
David Turner: What we can tell you is that we will have that obviously disclosed in our Q when we finish our calculation. But if you look at our early-stage delinquencies and you look at our late-stage delinquencies, you look at our internally risk-related problem loans that we're saying all those are down, which gives us confidence that our migration is trending down. We have not come up with the final number of what would be in the 10-K at the end of the year yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Valentin of FBR Capital Markets.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just regarding the NPA inflows, they were down linked-quarter, but if I recall correctly, third quarter had a change in policy on the NPA side, which contributed to some of that growth. And I guess, were there any changes at all in NPA policy this quarter or any kind of 4Q clean-up? Because we were kind of expecting a lower level of NPA inflows.
Barb Godin: This is Barb Godin. There was no cleanup this quarter and even last quarter, there wasn't a policy change. It was just a more rigorous review about what's actually in our portfolios to make sure that we have identified everything where there was no guarantors' support, as an example, that we decided that we would move those into non-performing loans and that's a reason you saw the spike last quarter, but not this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby of Guggenheim Securities.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: David, congratulations on hitting your 3% net interest margin goal where you've been working on that for a while. What I want to ask was, as we've gone through this benchmark and now we're talking about maybe giving some of it back, how are we seeing that as you get into the first half of next year? I mean, are we really seeing a 10 basis point compression? And what are some of the sources for that?
David Turner: What we said was we became much more defensive in the fourth quarter on liquidity given our ratings action that we're taking. And we still continue to be more defensive than we normally would be with regards to liquidity. Just excess cash that we have cost us about 11 basis points, as I mentioned, in the fourth quarter, that's up from the eight basis points in the third quarter. We do believe, as we continue to have our improved migration that we talked about in terms of problem assets and sustainable profitability that they need to be defensive with regard to liquidity growth upside, which will give us the ability to put excess liquidity to work in a more meaningful manner. Also, if you look at our investment portfolio, it's pretty much all agency guaranteed, and I think what you'll see is, at some repositioning out of that over time into other asset classes. But today, liquidity was taken precedent over earning. So we hope, maybe during the first half, you'll still see pressure there, but it should lighten up towards the back half of the year.
O. Hall: Marty, this is Grayson. I think the other thing in everything that David said around liquidity and the securities portfolio, I think you have to add to that two things. One is, what we've seen in the fourth quarter is some of the best loan production that we've seen in quite some time. Our commercial loan production up 47% over prior year. Our consumer loan production up over 8% over prior year, but that hasn't translated yet into a balance sheet growth. But it's a very positive sign. As well as the assets that are on our books that are in investor real estate are moving off of our books quite rapidly. The rates there are much less advantageous than the rates for the new business, if we're putting on the books, as well as we're re-pricing our book as it renews. We do think some of the actions we took in the fourth quarter will temporarily harm or compress our margin, but we do plan our way back over time.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: And I guess just following up to that, you mentioned the wider loan spreads, how are you being able to accomplish that when you're seeing the competition and were really starting to see the commercial, industrial and specialty across the board, all of the banks competing in that same kind of group.
O. Hall: Obviously, there's a lot of competition in that particular segment. What we've seen is an awful lot of competition in the upper end of commercial C&I. Where we have been most successful is in the commercial middle market and in small business and in some of our specialty lending functions, in particular, energy, healthcare and asset-based lending. We still are seeing opportunities to make loans at rates that we believe pay us for the risk we're taking and on to spreads that we feel are fair and appropriate for both us and the customer.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: David, the last thing on this topic and then I'll let you move on to next question is, with your new kind of deposit base that you have, what are you kind of estimating now as your long-term core net interest margin once you get the benefit of the liquidity going away, the non-performers going down and you get the right sensitivity as rates move higher? Kind of what's the goal that you with long-term would be shooting for?
David Turner: We've talked about, as things settle out and we get to normal, whether it be liquidity, the marketplace, that we could be in that 3.20% to 3.50% range in terms of margin. The question is when will all that settle out, when we can get back there and get our balance sheet positioned the way we want? We talked about moving mortgage from the business services to consumer and that takes some time getting our excess liquidity to work. When all that happens, we think we can get back to that margin range.
O. Hall: But we believe those are reasonable targets for us to have and we just have to reposition our balance sheet in order to achieve that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: One is on the reserve ratio, obviously, remained relatively strong, high in the quarter at 384. But you've got NPL inflows and balances coming down, so I'm wondering how you think about that reserve and when we should expect to see some reserve release to start.
O. Hall: Betsy, obviously, our perspective is, that we want to stay very disciplined as we look at our allowance methodology and as we see improvement in our credit metrics, it's obviously playing into that process and into that methodology. We are being careful not to run the risk of pre-mature release of reserves, but as our credit metrics improve, we would expect the process to take that into account, but we're being disciplined at this juncture.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And then as we look at the CRE portfolio, I know you're in the process of de-risking run-off on the portfolio, but what do you think the right size is for your organization?
O. Hall: Well, yes, I would tell you that, that perspective is evolving. We clearly have come out and said that we want the investors CRE to be no more than 100% of risk-based capital or $14 billion. If you look at it, we're $15.9 billion today at period end. And it continues to come down fairly rapidly. We have substantially reduced our exposures and if you look at Land, Single Family and Condominium, at the end of last year, we were at about $5.6 billion, we're about $3.1 billion, $3.2 billion today. That's down over 44% in 12 months and we will continue to de-risk. We are still making commercial real estate loans. The demand for that product is fairly limited and it's much better underwritten, much better priced, but it's not sufficient today to sustain the level of commercial real estate loans that we have. We will expect that to improve as the economy improves, but it's quite candidly, we could see our commercial real estate loans drift below that targeted level of $14 billion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG: You provided us with some details around the high-brokerage and high-banking revenues, really the Morgan Keegan business in 4Q, and how we should think about a good run rate going forward here?
O. Hall: Well, I think in larger part, it's going to continue to be driven by the economy. We have been and the performance the markets thereof, as you saw in our businesses there, we're seeing good growth in -- the strongest growth we're seeing is coming out of our investment banking revenues. As you may recall, about a year ago, we combined all of our investment banking activities in the one single leadership in Morgan Keegan and they've continued to show progress as that market has improved. Our retail brokerage has as well improved. Fixed income, which has been one of the best performing units within Morgan Keegan, revenues were down slightly there, but still very, very strong. And our Trust business, while not a high-growth business has been a very good performer from a margin perspective and has been very efficient in their operations. We believe Morgan Keegan still has the potential to grow from here. But it's going to, I think, when you look at the growth we saw in assets under management, 3.5% quarter-over-quarter, that was very strong. It will take favorable markets to sustain that. But I think we've got a team that's focused on growing that business fairly substantially over the next several quarters.
David Turner: As I think about Morgan Keegan in total, see if the economy continues to improve, you'll see some downward pressure on the fixed income with the private client, investment banking, as Grayson mentioned, and the consistent performance in Trust will serve to mitigate that. So we're looking for that continued expansion really in the investment banking, which showed great promise in the fourth quarter.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG: I don't know if Matthew Lusco is on the call or not, but I was just wondering if there is any changes to how you recognize NPLs or severity valuation in the first quarter. Is the current changes made or the changes made in 3Q, is that really kind of the go forward process at this point?
O. Hall: I think that when you look at our processes around managing credit risk and I'll ask Barb Godin to speak just briefly on this after I make a few comments. Today, we continue to make process improvements in all of our processes in terms of managing credit risk, but the primary issue is just continued focus on execution. Making sure that we're executing our processes in a way that give us confidence, our Board confidence and our Regulators confidence in sort of where we stand from a credit risk perspective. Barb?
Barb Godin: As you mentioned, in the third quarter, we took a very critical eye to all of the assets that we had to make sure that they were appropriately risk-rated. But we understood the guarantor's strength behind all of the loan, and you saw that increase in the third quarter, but that kind of discipline has carried on clearly into the fourth quarter and I anticipate that is one will carry on forever, quite frankly, as we look forward. So I really don't look to any large changes to say that we're going to be doing anything significantly differently as we think about the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: So I kind of feel bad asking a question on interest rate risk, because all quarter along, we're so focused on the credit and obviously, things are moving the right direction there. But we did get a big move up in interest rates and what's interesting is, I think, your balance sheet is very well-positioned from rising short-term rates, but like a lot of other banks, you do have exposure to rising long-term rates. So I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that as you manage your securities book in terms of whether it's trying to hedge some of that, adding floaters and then just generally the size of the securities book going forward.
David Turner: You're right. It has been tough this past quarter managing that interest rate risk, but as I mentioned earlier, the liquidity was much more important to us and that's what the investment portfolio is. We continued to be asset-sensitive, perhaps down a little bit from the third quarter, but still asset-sensitive. So if rates rise, we will benefit from that. Our goal is not to continue to grow our securities portfolio. But as we continue to be successful in those deposit gathering, that gives us some opportunities, too. You saw our pre-payment of FHLB that we did literally right after the end of the third quarter and I think we disclosed that in our third quarter 10-Q. But we can continue to put -- as we grow deposits, we can be pretty aggressive with the rates there and our long-term goal is not to grow our investment portfolio, obviously, put it to work in loan growth. You heard Grayson's comments in terms of we really have seen some terrific loan growth in the commercial middle market space. So we will look for opportunities to put that cash to work better. I think the construct of the investment portfolio is as important and we have most of it in agency guaranteed mortgage backs, residential mortgage backs and we're looking at playing back in this other asset classes that would give us a little better yield for that. So that's kind of the global comments, I would say.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: And then, I guess, on the net interest margin, a little bit as a follow-up, you gave, I think, a pretty explicit guidance in the first quarter and then down maybe five to 10 basis points and gave us some of the pluses and minuses from there. Should we expect the first quarter to be the bottom and then kind of flat to trending up from there or maybe more in the back half of the year?
David Turner: No, I think you'll see a little bit of a reset there in the first quarter and we should be able to hold kind of where we land in the first quarter throughout the year.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just separately on expenses and you've talked about continuing to manage them and obviously the environmental stuff, it is what it is. But just more broadly speaking, is there more that you can do and kind of the underlying expense of the company? When I look at the salaries and benefits, they've been flat the last three years, so a lot has been done and I'm just wondering how much more there might be out there?
O. Hall: This is Grayson. I don't believe that managing expenses as ever over. There's always opportunities that we have to try to be more efficient, and obviously, with the revenue headwinds that this industry is facing and this institution, in particular, we have to find ways to be more efficient. We consolidated 122 offices last year and reduced 700 positions out of the company, as well as reduced a number of discretionary spending categories plus some fairly large amounts. We continue to do that. I really don't look at expense reduction as a program, but it's a discipline that you have to add every day in the business and we continue to look for opportunities to reduce our expense and you will see that over time. Obviously, the environmental expenses are the biggest opportunity we have as the credit metrics improve, you'll see the benefits from those expenses starting to moderate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Looking at the adjustments that you made on the pretax pre-provision side, 461 versus charge-offs still in the 680 range. Just wondering if you can help us understand how you expect that gap to narrow over time and at what point do you think you can get back to kind of that core break-even as far as your pretax pre-provision covering net charge-offs?
David Turner: There are a couple of things. Obviously, the biggest one is a continued decline in the credit migration of problem assets, which will result in lower non-performing loans, which will result in a lower allowance need. And therefore, I forgot who asked the earlier question, maybe Betsy, in terms of when can we provide lessened charge-offs. So I think you really have to look at that migration is being a key indicator. We're feeling better in terms of the trends for migration and the ultimate declines in non-performing loans. You can see our chart where we're having more move to approval status there and also cash collections are increasing. We do think we're going to have better opportunities to restructure some of those loans and get those out of non-performing in time. And again, as the non-performer comes down and the need for the reserve comes down, we'll provide less than charge-offs. The other component, the other side is really working on the PPNR. And we're looking at for new credits that are going on the books, making sure we're being paid appropriately for the risks that we're taking and that has been a big plus for us as you saw our improvement in loan spread of five basis points. We continue to have ability to re-price deposits in terms of the CDs that are maturing, as I mentioned earlier. So we'll continue to have pick-up on that front as well. And from a non-interest revenue standpoint, we think we'll be stable from an NIR standpoint throughout the year. So really, turning credit that enables us to provide less in charge-offs and then increasing incrementally our PPNR is how we'll get to that level.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And do you think that something that can happen this year? And I'm thinking about it more so in terms of before we contemplate reserve release, just in terms of your ability for PPNR to exceed net charge-offs?
O. Hall: We have to be careful not to give guidance on that issue, but I would add a couple of thoughts to it. As you look at our charge-offs for the quarter, I would direct your attention to two components of that charge-off. One is valuation charges are collateral valuations. If you look at over the past several quarters, it's continued to trend downward. It's been a substantial part of our charge-offs, not that real estate values have bottomed in all of our markets. but obviously the pace of decline has slowed and there seems to be some stabilization coming in the many markets and those valuation charges should continue to moderate if the economy continues to go along the same line we are today. The other component I would tell you to look at is the loans, distressed loan note sales and foreclosed property sales. Obviously, a big part of our charge-offs have come out of our aggressive stance on de-risking our portfolio. We did $405 million in distressed note sales and foreclosed properties this past quarter. There's a substantial amount of charge-offs that comes with that. We fully expect that strategy to moderate as our inflows moderate. And we have to see that happen first. And when we see that, I think, there is an opportunity for us to have those two components, PPNR and charge-offs cost.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: My second question is can you just update us on what the level of the DTA was at December 31? And then, how you guys think about capital planning with regard to the DTA as far as how you think about your capital levels that you'd like to live out going forward?
David Turner: We have, at the end of the year about $1.4 billion in DTA. That's up about $275 million from the level in the third quarter and that's primarily due to -- we had deferred tax liabilities that actually offset DTA in the third quarter rate related to our unrealized gains in the securities portfolio, so since we realized those DTL went away, which increased our deferred tax asset. Right now, we disallow about $400 million in capital from the DTA. That's down slightly from where we were in the third quarter and we do believe that, that $400 million will come back to us. It's about 40 basis points of Tier 1 Common. We believe that's just a matter of time before we can take that into our capital calculation. But in terms of our planning, we think where our Tier 1 Common right now is pretty healthy at 7.9%. We clearly are still a whole TARP in it, and at some point, we will be in a position to repay that and we've looked at what our Tier 1 Common we think needs to be from our early management standpoint, as well as what our regulatory supervisors believe. But it's 40 basis points left to come back into capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fitzsimmons of Sandler O'Neill.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill: Grayson, we're getting to the point, obviously, whereby the end of the first quarter, where the regulators are supposed to be done with their stress tests and there's been a number of SCAP banks that have already come out and repaid TARP and raised capital. Can you help us just how you look at that trade-off between if you are on the cusp here of the next few quarters of improving, and getting back to core profitability, how do you look at that trade-off between raising now and getting out of TARP versus choosing to wait longer if, perhaps that amount that you might have to raise is more than you think you're comfortable with, but having that stigma of being perhaps, the last TARP bank of this SCAPs left with it? And is that even a stigma that is relevant for competitive reasons? If you can just give us some sense of how you look at those trade-offs?
O. Hall: Again, our positional TARP repayment really has not been modified. We still believe that the best strategy is for us to be prudent and patient. We have discussed at length our capital plans with both our Board and with our Regulatory supervisors. We feel very confident in the plan that we put together. And we believe that we are executing along that plan. We do believe it's in the best interest of this organization and our shareholders for us to continue to focus on returning to sustainable profitability and giving into position with credit. We're, both our Board, our shareholders and our supervisors feel confident in repayment and repayment on terms that are more favorable. So we will continue to be patient and prudent. We're working through that and I do think that obviously with the activities going on around us that we watch those very carefully, understanding how those decisions are being made. I do not think that TARP is a competitive problem. We're not seeing issues with our customers either on the consumer or the commercial side. The bigger issue with our customers is service, product and making sure that they've got trust and confidence in this organization. At the end of the day, most of the stigma around TARP is internal with our people and external with our investors. And so we're trying to be balanced in our approach, but remain patient and prudent in that regard.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christ Mutascio of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: David, you mentioned on the loan sales, the problem loan assets that were sold they took about 25% discount on the loss on those. Is that discount to the carrying value of those loans?
David Turner: It is.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: If that's the carrying value, I think like a fairly substantial hit for at least, I would think, some of those are already in the held-for-sale portfolio. So what does that mean for future sales? Do we have 20%, 25% hits coming from problem loans that might be disposed of in future quarters?
David Turner: All those didn't come from held-for-sale. I think we have also a chart that shows kind of what our held-for-sale was in...
O. Hall: They came from foreclosed properties, held-for-sale and a few non-performing loan assets.
Barb Godin: That's correct. This is Barb Godin. We think the larger hit from those coming from a non-performing loan group, out of a held-for-sale, before '05, we sold approximately 187 coming out of our held-for-sale in the fourth quarter.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So the bulk of it was not mark-to-market?
Barb Godin: That's right.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Going forward, in terms of loan dispositions, do you think -- we you see the same of type of trend where on this fee sales of loans from the non-available-for-sale portfolio?
Barb Godin: No. In fact, we want to ensure that what we are selling is going to be coming out of the held for sale portfolio and the change that we're making clearly, we're seeing an inflection point in the market where right now we believe it's in the shareholders' best interest and it makes more economic sense that we actually spend more time around the restructuring of these loans versus looking for sale opportunities. We'll always have sale opportunities. They will always come along and we'll address those when we balance that against, is it better for us to hold that asset now and look for a better outcome in the coming quarters. Again, what we have coming in, for example, from income producing properties, there is much more opportunity than there has been in the past for restructures of those loans.
O. Hall: And as far as loan sales go, our priority would continue to be to sell out of our other real estate owned and our held for sale portfolio.
David Turner: If you look at our chart on the back of the -- on the supplement on Page 23, you'll see, we generated gains on our held-for-sale and that's just trying to get the mark exactly right you'll see we do have write-downs during the quarter. They have been pretty negligible and we've generated some gains each quarter. So what that tells us is that our marks that we take will renew things to held-for-sale are pretty accurate.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: If I can ask one follow-up, David, you broke even with some gains this quarter, but the book value per share was down about 5%, the tangible book value was down about 5% because of the OCI impact. Given the balance sheet restructuring, if you will, on the investment security side that you took during the quarter, could we see some modest deterioration in tangible book value if interest rates continue to rise because of any further hits you take in the OCI on the new investment securities portfolio?
David Turner: Well, without giving you explicit earnings guidance, I would tell you if you just looked at that, the impact of that, clearly, if the tenure is going up, everybody is going to have more risk in terms of unrealized gains either deteriorating or generating unrealized losses, which would put pressure on your tangible book value. But we had pretty wild swing in the tenure this fourth quarter and we don't see that change moderating some as we go through the first quarter, so we think the risk of having a tremendous reduction, if you will, in intangible book value from that alone, is far lower than it was in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Wolf of UBS.
Heather Wolf - UBS Investment Bank: Just a couple of quick questions on your C&I growth. The 5% quarter-over-quarter growth, how much of that do you think is seasonal due to inventory investments?
O. Hall: Well, I would say that clearly, there is a seasonal aspect of our business and generally, the fourth quarter is a good quarter for our Commercial Lending business. But when you look at comparing our rates to the same period last year, as I mentioned a moment ago, our Commercial business, excluding investor real estate is up 50% and even if you include investor real estate, it's up 44%, so while there's a seasonal aspect to it, we're seeing a real shift in demand and it really, again, as I mentioned earlier in my presentation, it's really not about increased line utilization. We only saw a very minor improvement in line utilization; we're right at 40%. Most of it was really around capital expenditures for equipment, in particular, technology. Also, in acquisitions of companies and/or properties, and again, most of the growth we saw the three segments that I pointed out was Healthcare, Energy, and also Asset-based Lending.
Heather Wolf - UBS Investment Bank: So it sounds like you think the growth rate for this category in 2011 can accelerate from where we're at from that 5% even though you think there was a little bit of seasonality in that.
O. Hall: We think that opportunity exists depending on what assumptions you make about the economy, if the economy continues to trend in a very positive way, the last few months, then I think there's obviously upside opportunity for us in that particular segment.
Heather Wolf - UBS Investment Bank: One last question, you guys don't provide the loan yields yet for the individual categories. Can you give us a feel for what happened to C&I loan yields quarter-over-quarter?
O. Hall: We haven't given that guidance. So, David, do you want to make a comment on that?
David Turner: They are up. We gave you guidance. In total, we just haven't broken it down by quarter, but in that particular segment, they are fairly close to what we told you in terms of total loan portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran of Nomura.
Brian Foran: Just circling back to the NIM issue. I guess one of the questions I get a lot and I hear you on the asset sensitivity the excess of cash, the NPA drag, but a lot of banks have similar issues and you're the last, so the big banks, that's kind of a 3% or guess a little bit below next quarter. So I mean, is it just that you have these issues in outsize proportion or when you benchmark yourself relative to all the peers, is there something else that is wrong right now?
David Turner: This is David, Brian. Clear, everybody has similar issues, but I think, we have probably more excess liquidity. That's 11 basis points from a credit standpoint, non-accruals and interest reversals, that's about 16 basis points for us and has been in that range just about all year. I think one of the key things we want to talk about and will do over time is changing our mix of business and in our loan portfolio, which is more largely concentrated on the business loans side versus the consumer side. And I think with the exception of one or two others, they have a bigger consumer book than we do. So we're going to look to move that. We think the ability to forecast losses in the consumer is a little easier than on the commercial side. So that you could price for that better. And I think the overall yields there will help us. So our consumer risk is really made up of two things: The one-to-four family and then also the HELOC book. Our HELOC book is about 90 basis points below where our peers are, so over time, we'll get that out as people re-finance their mortgage, we can get the rates up on our HELOC book.
O. Hall: Just following up on that same question, I think, the other factor Jeff placed in there is that the mix of fixed rate loans, the variable rate loans and we went into the cycle with a lot more variable rate than our competitors and they have paid a price for it. Certainly, as we move forward, we're going to come closer to here. But it's really on the lending side, the deposit mix, obviously, our deposit costs were too high a year ago. We've moved that more to peer levels. But our loan yields, still we haven't gotten to the peer level, part of it is mixed and part of it is pricing and we make the improvements on both.
Brian Foran: On the performing non-performers. Is there enough experience so far to tell us what the difference in ultimate charge-off rates is on non-performing nonperformers versus performing non-performers, or are there any stats you can give that help us kind of think about how much lower the loss of experience should be on that 37% of the NPAs that are current?
Barb Godin: This is Barb. I don't think I can give you anything that is percentage-wise. What I can tell you is just anecdotal experience and what that means is were able to look at those performing non-performer in a very different light, i.e., there is much more opportunity for us to restructure them and get them back to accruing status. So, the numbers will (tell) off themselves in due course, but I do see them as a much better quality non-performing loan if there's any such thing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Marinac of FIG Partners.
Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners, LLC: Just wanted to ask a forward-looking question about TDRs and do you think that the TDRs would come down or trend down in the next quarter or two?
Barb Godin: Yeah, I think TDRs are going to probably stay relatively stable as we look forward and again remembering that on the TDRs any change that we make to a loan, be it on the consumer or the commercial side, we automatically are sliding in as the TDRs. So, I really don't see a lot of change on that.
Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners, LLC: Grayson, real quick on the Morgan Keegan side, do you have any thoughts or I guess goals on operating leverage for having more drop-down of pretax income when you have sequential quarter pickups of revenue like you did last quarter?
O. Hall: Well, I'll tell you, we've got John Carson and the team at Morgan Keegan working hard on trying to improve not only top line, but the bottom line. We've made improvements there and we'll continue to make improvements there. As you are all aware, we did an awful lot of legal expense in that group over the past year. That seems to be subsiding somewhat, but we are anticipating a better bottom line out of that group in 2011.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Chris Gamaitoni of Compass Point.
Christopher Gamaitoni : Just with regard to getting market share, could you go into a little description, who you are gaining that from, peers of size and in what markets?
David Turner: I think as the large banks are focused on that higher end corporate customer that commercial middle market seems to be opening up for us. So I think that the competition is little less in that commercial middle market and small business in particular versus the large corporate. That's where you are seeing really tough competition among all the players and that's where the spreads are getting tight and as we had mentioned on previous conferences and we want to be paid for the risks that we take. And we're not going to sacrifice yield just to book production. So that being able to stay in our space that we think we have a competitive advantage for in that commercial middle market, taking it from the bigger players is where we're seeing it.
O. Hall: I'd tell you from looking at the numbers as well as travels around. Our footprint, we're seeing strong growth, as I mentioned it, it's not in one particular place, literally out of our  we divide our franchise up into 20 markets and literally had growth in C&I in the fourth quarter out of 16 to 20 market. The four markets that didn't grow were relatively stable. So, when you look at it from a geographic standpoint, we saw especially strong growth in Texas and in Tennessee and in Georgia where three markets that we saw strong growth and two of those markets, Texas and Georgia, we have a fairly limited presence there it's a good presence, it's a good set of bankers but we only have dominant share in either of those markets. Tennessee, we have a very dominant share and did very well there, but there is some industries located in Tennessee that gave us particular advantage, in particular healthcare. So, we are seeing growth widespread across the franchise and when you look at who we're taking that from is varied market-by-market. There is still some disruption in the market that we're taking advantage of as events unfold. But as David said, part of it is, is we focused a little bit lower down in the middle market and lower end of C&I and in the small business, in particular, which is not  the competition has not been as stiff there.
Christopher Gamaitoni : A separate follow-up, how much allowance do you have against your consumer TDRs and what's the re-default rate been on that portfolio?
Barb Godin: The re-default rate which is 22%, ever 60% or more, and we generally have not provided guidance to this point on how much we have established by way of a reserve against the TDRs.
O. Hall: The TDR balance is predominantly made up of the residential loan assets and our recidivism rate that Barb has indicated, it has been 22%. It's held pretty steady at that level for some time.
Barb Godin: Absolutely has.
Operator: At' this time, there are no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Hall for closing remarks.
O. Hall: Well, my sincere appreciation for everyone's time and attention and in particular, for your interest in Regions Financial. We hope today's call was helpful. We'll stand adjourned. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Grayson Hall - President & CEO David Turner - CFO Bill Wells - Chief Risk Officer Barb Godin - Head, Consumer Credit
Analysts: Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Casey Ambrecht - Millennium Heather Wolf - UBS Jefferson Harralson - KBW Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets
Operator: Appreciate your participation this morning. Our presenters today are our President, Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner; and also here and available to answer questions is Bill Wells, our Chief Risk Officer. Let me quickly touch on our presentation format. We've prepared a short slide presentation to accompany David's comments. It's available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. For those of you in the investment community that dialed in by phone, once you are on the Investor Relations section of our website, just click on Live Phone Player, and the slides will automatically advance in sync with the audio of the presentation. A copy of the slides is available on our website. With that said, I will direct your attention to the forward-looking statements slide that should be on the screen right now. And now I will turn it over to Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, and thank you for your time and participation in our conference call. Although we saw continued improvements in our core business performance this quarter, we have announced the third quarter loss of $0.17 per share due to still elevated credit expense with an economy that is demonstrating a slow paced recovery and actions that we have taken to accelerate the disposal of problem assets, and reduce our balance sheet risk going forward. In addition to absorbing higher costs related to problem asset sales and loans transferred to held for sale, we also reported a loan loss provision essentially equal to the elevated level of loan charge-offs. Loan loss provision, OREO and held for sale cost in total were an estimated $0.41 per share after tax this quarter.  We executed disposition of $1 billion in problem loans, including 709 in distressed asset sales. We remain confident our business plans and our determination to execute these plans and returning Regions to sustainable profitability as powerfully and prudently as possible. Our actions are moving Region to Regions closer to the improvement needed to achieve a breakeven point. We are encouraged by this course of business progress that result in steps towards achieving that goal. Our credit teams are diligently working to resolve credit related issues. Majority of our associates have demonstrated a focus on profitably grow our revenue and constraining operating expenses in our core businesses.  In the third quarter net interest income rose 1% from second quarter driven as expected by continued reduction in overall cost of deposits and a favorable shift and mix. And while our fee based revenues declined 1% versus last quarter, the drop was primarily driven by the impact from regulation E on service charges. Notably, while the implication of Reg E did negatively impact the quarter that impact was less than we forecasted, and we continue to be encouraged by the efforts of our associates and our branches and our call centers to further mitigate the impact in this regulatory requirement as we assist customers in making the best decisions to accommodate their needs.  At the same time, operating expenses on being closely managed did unfortunately increase due to the impact of higher credit related expenses. We remain confident in the current progress we're making in spite of the slow paced economic recovery. Our strategies are working with discipline and are focused on customers, and we have developed strong accountability for execution and results.  The operating environment does continue to be a challenge. The economy is gradually recovering. But growth is forecasted to be unfavorably slow for the next few quarters with stubbornly high unemployment, a weak housing market and unusually low interest rates.  Today economic recovery within our markets has been uneven. Residential home values have now stabilized in many of our markets, especially the markets within the state of Florida where we could potentially experience another 10% or so decline relative to mid 2010 prices depending on the ability of the banks and the courts to process foreclosures effectively, and the amount of shadow inventory remaining in the system.  With that in mind, we are careful when making general statements. It may prove to be inaccurate due to the inconsistent valuation from market to market. But we are starting to see what appears to be stabilization in some of our market. Fortunately, the Gulf oil spills impact on individuals and business customers has been far less economically negative than initially forecasted. It's still a difficult situation for these markets, but far less impacted than earlier feared.  Regions maximum loss potential is projected now to be $20 million or less, sharply less than our initial $100 million estimate. That being said, the long term economic environmental impacts remain a concern as the markets and businesses along the Gulf Coast recover very slowly.  Across all of our markets, I am convinced the economic conditions are improving. But the slow pace of recovery is weighing on borrowers capacity, and borrowers willingness to continue to fill credit obligations. And thus has decreased the implied potential benefit of guarantor support on many of our credits. As such we have become incrementally more cautious on our economic outlook, which was a driving factor in the increased gross migration loans moving to a non-performing status. I think it's important, however to consider the composition of that migration. Of the $1.4 billion of third quarter gross non-performing additions approximately $390 million were disposed off during the quarter. Of the commercial loans remaining $933 million 62% or $575 million were current home payments.  Overall the percentage of non-performing commercial loans their internal payments has risen from 24% at the end of second quarter to 36% at the end of third quarter giving us more confidence in the ability to manage the potential loss content and the potential to restructure in some cases. It's also important to point out that our internally risk-rated problem loans declined on a linked quarter basis. Our early stage and late stage delinquencies have stabilized and our moderating.  The lingering effects of the slow pace of the economic recovery has not helped many of our borrowers, and we have acted cautiously and prudently reassessing and modifying risks ratings as appropriate. We are focused on being very careful and accurate in assessing the financial condition of our borrowers in taking prompt action as required and as appropriate.  Protracted economic challenges have also reaffirmed our stance for your card to disposing a problem asset, as well as our strategy to reduce exposure at a higher risk loan portfolios, especially investor real estate. Investor real estate declined $1.5 billion point to point ending balance in this quarter achieving $17.5 billion in investor commercial real state.  In terms of strategic growth, our customer focus remains a top priority as we strive to deepen existing relationships and acquire new customers. Our efforts continue to payoff in the third quarter as evidenced by further strengthening in new checking account sales. We remain on track open more than $1 million new business consumer checking accounts this year exceeding 2009's record level.  The addition of new relationships is fuelling revenue across multiple lines of business for Regions. For example, in third quarter we processed a $182 million debit card transactions, representing a 14% increase over the third quarter of last year.  With respect to deposit balances, in line with our overall balance sheet strategy overall deposit levels have declined. As many of you are aware we had a sizable amount higher-interest rate CDs mature in the third quarter, and forecasted some run-off as rates were reduced to market levels.  Given the reduction in higher cost deposits, Regions funding mix and costs continue to improve, declining another 9 basis points driving third quarters net interest income and net interest margin higher. We made it on track to reach our targeted 3% year end margin. Our liquidity remains solid, with a loan deposit ratio of 89%. While maintaining clear focus on reducing the overall cost deposits, we are successful in improving our market position.  According to the recently released data by the FDIC summary deposit analysis Regions deposit growth ranked first in our peer group and seventh among 25 largest US banks. Furthermore, we grew market share in 6 to 16 states in which we operate, and in 15 of our top 25 MSA's. Unfortunately, total average loans did decline in the third quarter, but importantly at a slower pace than previous quarters. And despite the continuing de-risking efforts in investor real estate portfolio generating good quality profitable loans remains a challenge, but we are starting to see some encouraging signs, including a 2% linked quarter in the period commercial industrial outstandings.  Within CNI the growth story really is about our middle market segment, which represents about half the outstandings. These balances grew 5% in the quarter, despite loan with stable land utilization. Most of this production was related to capital expenditures and re-financing of existing debt.  Small business lending is starting to get tractions well, but this is yet to materialize and to grow to net outstanding given the generally locked demand. Nevertheless small business lending is a significant opportunity for Regions as we are the number three small business lender in the country of the small business administration. On the whole we remain cautious but optimistic. Net production volumes will further strengthen in the first quarter due to increasingly solid new business pipelines. On the consumer side, we continue to emphasize residential first mortgage lending, production was $2.3 billion for the quarter, a 31% increase over the last quarter. We continue to incrementally adjust our business model to mitigate the unfavorable revenue impact of new regulation. In fact we've already begun mitigation efforts and even eliminated free accounts for all customers except students and seniors and have arranged balance and transaction hurdles for a waiver of monthly service charges. We are closely monitoring performance on a new structure and we will make further adjustments as necessary taking into account both customer value provided and related cost of delivery. In all instances we continue to focus on superior customer service which we believe sets us apart and which customer probably value. We continue to provide many free account services for customers but will incrementally adjust our pricing models over time to better rationalize the value proposition. Please keep in mind that the actual impact of Regulation E changes are proving less negative than anticipated. Originally we'd expected implementation to reduce service charge revenues of $72 million here in the second half of this year. Based on third quarter results the second half impact is now expected to be in the range of $50 million to $60 million. This performance and the continued adoption of overdraft services indicate customers find value in these services. In terms of interchange revenue, like the rest of the industry we're awaiting OREO rules for our regulators. So it's difficult to project final financial impact. We do have annual interchange fees of approximately $330 million. So any change in fee structure could be significant. But we are seeing a 14% increase in transaction activity year-over-year. Although our offerings are still being finalized, we are not estimating it to have a significant impact on all regions. Our Tier 1 common ratio is currently at a solid 7.6% and based on our understanding of OREO rules it's above (inaudible) minimum 7% guidelines. Regions is also expected to meet [Bozell] 3 liquidity requirements in this current form. In any case we will ensure that Regions capital levels remain strong and OREO compliant as the formal implementation of Bozell 3 requirements are better known.  In summary, we are successful executing our plan to return Regions to sustainable profitability. We are aggressively reducing credit risk, growing our customer base, implementing productivity and efficiency initiatives and taking appropriate steps to ensure that we are positioned to fully capitalize on the profitable revenue growth opportunities. At the same time we've recognized that environmental economic and regulatory challenges persists creating head wins and caution on our part but I am convinced, that Regions has the right strategy and the right people and place to deliver on our commitment. David will now discuss third quarter financial results.
David Turner: Thank you Grayson and good morning everyone. Let's begin with a summary of our third quarter results on Slide 1. As Grayson mentioned, our third quarter loss amounted to $0.17 per diluted share. Pretax, pre-provision net revenue or PPNR amounted to $454 million down about 7% linked quarter due primarily to the impact of higher credit related cost and Regulation E. Compared to the same period a year ago, adjusted PPNR was up 11%. Within PPNR, net interest income continued to grow increasing $12 million which grew which drove a 9 basis points improvement in the net interest margin. Non interest revenues dipped 1% linked quarter primarily driven by the impact of service charges from Regulation E which I will cover in just a minute. After this impact, non-interest revenues were higher primarily due to strong mortgage and fixed income brokerage revenues. Non-interest expenses increased $37 million or 3% second to third excluding second quarter's $200 million regulatory charge. Total non-interest expenses were negatively impacted by the rise in credit related cost primarily due to the higher OREO and HealthSouth expenses related to the bulk sale of distressed assets. Regarding credit quality the level of non-performing assets excluding loan sale for sale was down $186 million this quarter to $3.8 billion. The provision for loan losses rose to $760 million from $651 million in the previous quarter and essentially equaled net charge offs. The increase in charge offs reflects about $233 million of charges associated with distressed asset sales and the transfer of loans held for sale. Let's now take a deeper look at the quarterly results beginning with credit. Shown in slide 2 non-performing assets excluding loans held for sale were down 5% this quarter, but remain elevated. I will now reiterate what was said earlier, an increasing and substantial portion of the migration into non-performing loans was attributable to loans that are paying as agreed. The sluggish and persistent nature of the economy necessities that we remain cautious which internally risk rating our portfolio. Despite that cautious stands internally risk related problem loans did decline this quarter. However factors like Florida Unemployment which has been greater than 10% since May 2009 and its now over 12% and pressured housing prices in parts of the state require that we not get ahead of ourselves and that we maintain a clear and objective view of the economic environment. To that end, we remain focused on de-risking our portfolio. Our proactive disposition efforts remain a key element of our risk management strategy. This quarter we sold or transferred the held for sale, a total of $1 billion of troubled assets. This total reflects a broadened effort as it included approximately $350 million of distressed asset sales on a bulk basis. These assets which will predominantly land included both non-performing loans and OREO and resulted in $108 million of associated charge offs and $30 million in losses that are recorded in non-interest expense. While the markdowns are greater than we have previously experienced, we believe that long term economics justify getting these assets off our books and behind us. Land is one of the most difficult assets to sell and we were pleased to be able to dispose off these assets as opportunities arose during the quarter. We don't want to be in the property management business and we'll make every reasonable effort to remove properties and risk from our books when it makes long-term economic since. As you can see on Slide 4, net charge offs increased to $759 million or an annualized 3.52% of average loans and reflect our efforts this quarter to de-risk our balance sheet and dispose off problem assets which contributed $233 million in charge offs. Drilling down the main source of charge-offs continues to be our investor real estate portfolio. Our loan-loss provision essentially matched net charge-offs this quarter and was up $109 million linked quarter.  Our loan loss allowance to loans ratio increased six basis points, linked quarter to 3.77%. As we said at our Investor Day, we were mainly cautious about the economy when evaluating the loan portfolio and our allowance methodology reflects this stance. Turning to the balance sheet, slide 5 breaks down this quarter's change in loans. Although investor real estates still accounts for a relatively high percentage of our loan portfolio we have reduced this exposure substantially through the credit crisis. In fact, total investor real estate loans have declined by $6.5 billion over the last two years and we continue to make solid progress in reducing this segment of our portfolio as shown by the current quarter reduction of $1.5 billion. At the same time targeted efforts to grow segments of our portfolio are getting traction. Most notably commercial and industrial loan balances were 2% in the quarter, primarily through our energy and health care lending groups. Energy lending in Texas has been particularly strong. New client acquisition is driving this growth as line utilization have remained about 40% over the last several months.  Furthermore, we continue to invest in specialized lending groups including business capital, health care, transportation and franchise restaurant. Lastly, we are excited about the opportunity to leverage our small business expertise through our extensive branch network. Our plan to grow consumer loans is most multifaceted and includes increased emphasis on direct lending for leveraging the strength of our branch network. Also on the consumer side we are evaluating products targeted at the underserved customer segment, a large group with short term funding needs.  This next slide shows changes in our deposit basis quarter, ending time deposits declined $2.1 billion, reflecting expected run-off of balances as we reduced the maturing high cost CD rate to market levels. Low cost deposit growth was somewhat offsetting with ending balances increasing $854 million or 1% in the quarter.  Total deposit levels were also affected by our more disciplined approach to deposit pricing with some customers choosing to pay down the debt rather than hold deposits at current rates. Although customers are deleveraging and paying down their loans our new checking account growth has helped offset this down refresher on deposit balances. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis rose $13 million linked quarter, while the margin strengthened 9 basis points increasing to 2.96%. Improvements stemmed primarily from continued optimization of deposit cost and mix. For the quarter, deposit cost declined another 9 basis points to 0.7% in the third quarter, and loan yields remained stable at 4.29%. We expect to see continued improvement in deposit cost and expect to reach a 3% margin in the fourth quarter, as originally projected. In fact, we expected to reach our target of 3% this quarter. But the recent decline in long term interest rates accelerated mortgage refinance activity, and premium amortization within the investment portfolio which had an adverse impact on net interest margin of around 4 basis points.  Driving further margin improvement, we have approximately $11.4 billion subsidies maturing over the next nine months which will be repriced to market rates as they mature. These CDs currently carry an average 2.1% interest rate, and should enable us to reduce our overall deposit costs. In addition, the drag to net interest margin associated with interest reversals in carrying excess cash deferred will fade with time. These items were margin headwinds of 16 and 8 basis points, respectively on an annualized basis in the third quarter. As an update, we have recently adjusted the hedges in places to support the margin in a prolonged low rate environment. These now reduce our interest rate sensitivity through December 2012. Our emphasis on improving deposit mix and cost combined with the projected impact of these hedges is expected to result in modest margin improvement going forward in our most likely rate forecast scenario. Let's now shift gears and look at non-interest revenue and expenses this quarter. Non-interest revenues were down by about 1% linked-quarter, driven by approximate $16 million impact of Regulation E. Except this impact, non-interest revenues were higher reflecting strong mortgage revenue driven by heavy refinancing activity. In fact, we originated $2.4 billion of loans this quarter versus $1.8 billion last quarter, and refinance activity was much higher representing 67% of current quarter originations up from second quarter's 41%. Also contributing to non-interest revenues, Morgan Keegan's brokerage revenues were up 6% versus the prior quarter, reflecting continued private client and fixed income strength. Fixed income revenue was especially strong, increasing 13% linked quarter driven by higher by customer purchasing short term securities. In terms of non-interest expense, while credit related costs continue to remain high, we continue to focus on containing other overall cost. Excluding prior quarter's regulatory charge, total non-interest expense was up $37 million or 3% linked quarter, due to a $31 million linked quarter rise in OREO and held for sale cost. As I mentioned earlier, the rise in these costs reflects approximately $30 million resulting from a bulk sale of OREO during the quarter. In all of PPNR continues to be impact by credit related cost, which on a normalized basis are impacting us by $75 million to $100 million per quarter. We recognize in this economy to be successful we have to be diligent in our efforts to manage expenses. It's going to be a low growth, low rate environment for an extended period of time, and we have to continue to target all areas of staffing, occupancy, discretionary expending and credit related expenses. Rest assured that any changes we implement, will at the same time maintain focus on the service quality and making sure that we are serving the needs of our customers.  Let me now discuss our capital and liquidity. We continue to execute our disciplined capital planning process that we developed over the past year so, which encompasses various scenario analysis, including stress testing under a range of adverse conditions. It begins with the development of macro economic forecast scenarios, which serve as a basis for our credit modeling. Our capital ratios remain strong with a Tier 1 capital ratio that now stands at 12.1%, and a Tier 1 common ratio at a very solid 7.6%. As we stated last quarter, cards amendment will have little impact to our risk based ratios, since trust preferred securities at about $846 million are a fairly small part of our overall capital base. Let me briefly touch on Basel III, which will be phased in over the next several years beginning in 2013. We continue to assess the impact and are awaiting the details, but we feel very good about our capital base as our Tier 1 common and Tier 1 risk based capital ratios are above the respective 7% and 8.5% minimums required under Basel III. The proposed adjustments are expected to have a minimal impact on us. Similarly, Regions is well positioned with respect to the liquidity coverage ratio described under Basel III. In fact, we have been internally managing to similar measure for some time.  Moving to the broader impact of recent regulatory reform, there is no doubt that recent sweeping legislative actions will ripple through bank's operations and financial statements from this quarter forward. But we are well positioned to effectively manage any potential impact in terms of Regulation E with the August 12 full implementation date behind us, we now have good visibility and foreseeable financial ramifications.  As Grayson noted earlier, the negative impact is proving less than our original forecast. To-date, roughly half of all of our customers who have overdrawn their account in the past year have chosen to opt in or link their account for overdraft protection. And 97% of customers who have made an election after experiencing a declined transaction are choosing to opt in or participate in overdraft protection. Clearly, customers are seeing value and services that ensure their ability to make purchases.  The Durbin amendment which effects debit card interchange fees will likely result in a revenue reduction as well. But keep in mind, that final rules have not been established. They will be determined by the federal reserve as we head into next year, and we will make adjustments to our products and services as appropriate.  Lastly, unlike many of the larger money center banks or brokerage houses, regulatory reform will only minimally impact our brokerage revenues since Morgan Keegan is not engaged in proprietary trading as little to no private equity exposure and faces very minor impact to its derivatives business. Bottom-line, while regulatory changes are certainly challenging from a revenue perspective, I'm confident that we will be able to make adjustments to minimize any long term financial effect on Regions. In summary, although we are not pleased with the loss this quarter, our associates remain focused on executing both our short term and long term goals. We continue to remain focused on returning the company to sustainable profitability as promptly as possible and with this quarter's further de-risking efforts we are building a stronger company with an emphasis on improving our risk profile we will have ultimately tested our shareholders. With that I'll turn it back over to Grayson for closing comments.
Grayson Hall: Thank you David and before we move to question, I'd like to give you Regions' position and topic. It has received a tremendous amount of publicity of late, residential foreclosures. Regions have a solid and tested foreclosure process in place to ensure the fairness for customers and compliance with state and federal regulations. In cases where all options to avoid foreclosures had been exhausted the committee of key managers approves the decision to perceive before closure after a thorough dealing of loan documentation. Once the decision has been made to proceed the process is the same where the loan is owned by Regions or by an investor that we service the mortgage for. In each case, department managers review and verify the accuracies of loan documents and states where mortgage foreclosure affidavit or some other legal documentation is required. The document is completed and signed by the department manager in the presence of a notary employed by Regions. Due to our foreclosure prevention efforts and a relatively small sized Regions' servicing portfolio, our foreclosure volumes have remained relatively low. Regions foreclosures on approximately 100 loans that we own each month and 160 investor loans each month. Staffing levels are sufficient to internally verify loan information and appropriately execute required documentation. Regions has a residential mortgage servicing portfolio of $41.2 billion. Of that $16.3 billion are loans that we own while $24.9 billion are loans owned by government agencies or investors such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Our foreclosure rate for the entire portfolio both owned and investor is less than half the national average.  Our ability to maintain lower foreclosure rates is the result of proactive efforts to provide solutions to distressed customers. In late 2007 Regions began reaching out to customers at the risk of falling behind in payments through our customer systems program. This program is available to customers whose loans we own and service. To date, we have helped more then 30,000 customer stay in their home. We have received all available options to help homeowners avoid the foreclosure including loan modifications, rate reductions, short sales and Deed-in-Lieu of Foreclosure. Foreclosure is the option of the last resort when forward foreclosure does take place, evictions are rare as many homes are second homes investment properties are no longer occupied. Our focus on the customer has resulted in the Regions second consecutive year ranking in the top five of J.D. Power and Associates customer satisfaction survey from a (inaudible) of mortgage services. That being said we have directed our leadership and the business in internal audit and in risks management to review and validate each process step to ensure full compliance with all laws and regulations and customer needs.  Operator that concludes our remarks and now we will open it up for questions. 
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Guggenheim Securities.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities: I had a question on inflows. We had to schedule in there in the past that we are kind of showing as what that migration was. I estimate that it's still above a $1 billion per quarter so I wanted to kind of get a feel for maybe what that number might have been this quarter and then also you are talking about the inflows being more related to paying as agreed. So what triggered moving more of those into non-performers this quarter.
Grayson Hall: Marty, good morning, just a couple of comments, then I will ask Bill Wells, Chief Risk Officer to make some additional comments. Number one is that we do see some of our credit trends clearly moderating. Our early stage and late stage delinquencies appear to have stabilized and declining slightly. We do see internal risk created loans improving as you saw in our numbers. However the migration to non-performing status clearly stands out this quarter. It was significantly up from last quarter and as we mentioned last quarter we were very cautious. One quarter does not make a trend and as we look to loan portfolio the cause and economic recovery, it really focused around commercial real estate and in particular the guarantor. If you look at it, as the economy continues to have a slow recovery, the capacity and willingness of these guarantors comes into question. And as we look at what's migrated into the non-performing status this quarter as you saw the amount we disposed off a significant amount of that migration but we also retained quite a bit and of what we retained 64% is still paying as agreed. But there are good question even though they are paying they are questions raised regarding the capacity or the willingness of those guarantors to continue. With that I will ask Bill to make a few comments.  With that I'll ask Bill to make a few comments.
Bill Wells: Yes, Marty. The first thing we talked about last quarter about being very cautious about where we were with the economy the slow growth economy and all we saw on our migration really is a reflection of what we've seen in the economy. Also, as we looked at our valuations, that has caused us to be very conservative in how we've looked at our non-accrual calls and that's what with the up tick in looking at our growth inflows. As Grayson mentioned, the one thing to talk about while we are disappointed in the inflow, increase in inflow and migration, what we did note is that a high percentage of ours, over 60% of the non-performing loans that we had remaining at the end of the quarter were currently paying. But what the difference is as Grayson mentioned there were some questions about the guarantors' willingness or capacity to pay. So we thought it was very (inaudible) on a non-accrual. Having said that, we do think the loan severity is less than what we have seen before in earlier migrations and also gives us the ability to do more restructures which in the past we have not done a lot of restructuring. The other thing that Grayson mentioned is that as we see the gross migration coming in, we are continuing our efforts to aggressively de-risk the balance sheet. We've seen that not only in the reduction and investor real estate of 1.5 billion over the quarter but also our ability to dispose off problem assets in our sales program which continues to work very well for us.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities: And I guess a follow-up to that would be if you are looking at the pricing and you said that deteriorated this quarter, was that related to what you were selling. In essence was it more distressed or more land oriented or was that really just contraction and you think in the market in the sense over the willingness of investors.
Bill Wells: The one thing Marty what we did is a couple of quarters ago we were approached by two or three companies to look at some efforts of disposing of our problem asset and we did a bulk land sale at this time. It was well up to almost 4000 properties. These were small loans located primarily land located throughout our footprint and so in our pricing that we saw, we saw a little bit more discount than what we have been seeing in the past. That bulk sale discount was about 40% of the book balance that we had. The other thing that I would say is that on our additional sales we were probably averaging in the low 20s. So an average for us when you face the bulk sale and what we did on the node sale was the discount rate on our dispositions of about 31% as opposed to what we did last quarter of 24%.
Grayson Hall: And Marty we've remained cautious in regards to bulk sale. It's really the first material bulk sale we've participated in. Clearly, when we moved as Bill said close to 4000 properties, out of our portfolio, the economics of bulk sales are very challenging and we were pleased to be able to execute this transaction internally. We still are not particularly encouraged by the economics of bulk sales but we still believe the best way to do these, our strategic sales but as we looked at these particular properties and how long we estimated that we'd have to carry them to sell them the strategic bars, we believe this was the right decision to accelerate the de-risking of our portfolio.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities: Well, I guess what we were talking about is the composition of the bulk sale drove some of the pricing being lower, and then also did you have any other process where you looked at the guarantors or was there something in the sense of review process that triggered you to say I need to go look at those and then expedite moving some of those more in the non-performer. And I will let the questions move on. Thank you so much.
Grayson Hall: Marty as we were entering into the third quarter, clearly there was a pause in the economic recovery in the country and we have taken a much more disciplined, much more conservative approach to looking at guarantor support. And we have challenged ourselves on guarantor support to determine as Bill said, the capacity of our guarantor is, has it held up through this economic cycle, where did they stand purely from a capacity prospective? But also as you continue to see valuations of these properties decline, how much decline and willingness of these guarantors did we see?  And so we have taken a very rigorous and disciplined approach to look at guarantor support, and that's why you are seeing many of these, they are paying as agreed moving to a non-performing status.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Relative to the billion dollars of loans sold or transferred the held for sale this quarter, how is disposition trending in October? And do you think how should this trend in November, December here?
David Turner: Well right now we have about $40 million to $50 million under contract, it's trending again very, very good. But the marks are holding back to what we saw pretty much in the second quarter, when you take out the bulk sales.  So again there is a lot of interest in properties. We continue to move it. We try to strike our best deal possible. And as Grayson said, we have seen our best result, is when we find a strategic buyer for these properties.
Grayson Hall: Was your question specific to loan sales?
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: It was actually on both, there was transfer to held for sale, plus the loan disposition. The aggregate activity level we saw in the third quarter, should we expect that level to remain flat, move higher move down in the fourth quarter?
Grayson Hall: Craig I think that we have sort of stayed the course with our strategy of acceleration of disposition of stressed assets, and we would anticipate continuing that strategy till we see a clear turn in the credit metrics. 
David Turner : And also to Craig what I'd say is you would see us continue to use the held for sale. And then as you look at our marks that once it moves and the held for sale have been pretty consistent overtime, and hold to when we actually move it into held for sale and marks have held true.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: And then just a follow-up on the net interest margin, what is the dollar value of CDs maturing in the fourth quarter? And do you know roughly what the average cost is?
David Turner: We have about $4 billion that our CDs that are maturing in the fourth quarter. The cost of that was just over 2%.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: About 21?
Grayson Hall: Yes, the more meaningful maturities come in the first quarter of next year where we do have some CDs maturing in the first quarter that are over in access of 4% cost of funds.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: And is that a big number, it's a couple of billion dollars?
Grayson Hall: It's roughly $4 billion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: I had a follow-up on MPA question, and then a separate line of questions on just loan growth. When we look at the additions of 1.4 in the quarter, should I read that as a little bit of a one timer for this reassessment of how you are treating guarantor credit loans?
Grayson Hall: Betsy, I think the way to look at it, last quarter we saw the migration in last quarter, we expressed that we saw moderation in our credit trends, but we were cautious because we are seeing a little bit of volatility, if you will in migration quarter-to-quarter. And as we progressed into the third quarter we're disappointed with the amount of migration that occurred, but nevertheless that's where the economics of our customer base took us in that review.  As I've said earlier, we see encouragement in some of the trends in terms of early stage and late stage delinquencies. We didn't see any surprises on the consumer side. Consumer side while still elevated continues to modestly improve a little, but really tracks very closely to our forecast. The disappointment this quarter was all around investor commercial real estate that continues to be the problem segment in our portfolio. We do believe that the aggressive stands that we took on guarantor support is reflected in these numbers, but in terms of trying to give guidance on where this goes in the fourth quarter I'm reluctant to do that. 
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: I can understand, I guess I am just wondering of the 1.4 that was addition in 3Q can you give us a dollar amount that was associated with the guarantor credit portfolio?
Bill Wells :  I would say that probably the majority when we say that 60% of what was non-performing loans that were current I think you would say that a good percentage of what we saw is dealing with that guarantor support. The other thing I had also mentioned too, Grayson mentioned early stage delinquencies were at about 2.09% that's relatively flat quarter-over-quarter.  You look at our 90 plus stage they are actually down in business services. And the one thing that David had also mentioned earlier, while we don't disclose the actual number, we have seen a second quarter decline of our internally risk-rated of credits which shows a another positive trend when we talk about what we think will happen for the future. 
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley:  And then you mentioned that you retriggered the hedges a little bit, were still expecting to get to near about 3% at year end, and then is it modest improvement from there? Could you maybe describe what you did to retrigger the hedges and what you mean by modest improvement?
David Turner :  Yes, we do feel good Betsy about getting to our net interest margin goal of 3%. Like I said earlier we were hopeful to get to it in this past quarter, didn't get there for the prepayments I had mentioned on the mortgage-backed security portfolio. The ultimate net interest margin is going to be driven by the rate environment, which is driven by the economy.  We have positioned the balance sheet in the hedging strategy to protect us on the low side from a protracted low rate environment for 2012. If on the other hand rates continue to go up the economy rebounds, then we will still participate in that rebound just not as much as we otherwise without the hedges. And we think that, that means everything is getting that much better. So we are willing to take that risk to protect ourselves on the low side. And I would expect that you would see like I said modest improvement in the net interest margin. But it's all driven by what rates there.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And the modest improvement is not from 3Q, but it is from your 3% expected?
David Turner:   That is correct.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And then on loan growth, I went to a couple of areas of loan growth, could you just give us some color to on the CNI side while you're getting that growth you mentioned new customers is it, and how are you extracting them from competitors? And then maybe if you could just talk a little bit about the resi-mortgage and that was up 1%, is that a change in demand or is that a change in migration you shifting investments from securities into loans? 
David Turner:   In terms of loan demand we have been encouraged by areas within our CNI portfolio or middle market. We are able to fully leverage our strength there. And specific industries I have mentioned energy in Texas has really been a spot for us to generate loan growth. We think that will continue. We have continued to invest in specially teamed in energy specifically out of Houston, and we expect that to continue for us for some time.  We do have other specialized industries that we will be investing in, and Regions business capital. We also have investments in healthcare. We think it's particularly strong for us. So areas of those industries where we see capital expenditures and continued expansion in those businesses really was driving our loan growth and our investment in the areas of the country that are driving that. As it relates to the Resi mortgage growth obviously a lot of refinance activity going on across the country for the rate environment that we have, we have continued to, we put the product on our books. We continually evaluate what we want to put on our books from a rate standpoint, duration standpoint. So I think we have opportunities to grow that but we will be evaluating and have evaluated is whether or not we want to put a given rate or duration on that's available to us.
Grayson Hall: An interesting fact Ed to that when you look at the growth in our commercial and industrial segment it really is the middle market segment and those customers have really won and lost one at a time. And our efforts around making sure our bankers are calling frequently and calling prospects because if you look at our commercial line utilization it's approximately 40% this time, roughly 39% last quarter. It hasn't moved much and it sort of bounced around that 39% to 40% for several quarters in a row. If you look at our pipelines, as we mentioned in last quarter's conference call, we started to see some strength in July. That strength, we were a little cautious, it might not hold up in terms of new business. It's continued to hold up through the quarter and the sales pipelines that we're looking at today are strong but it really, there's nothing really special that we're doing from a growth standpoint. It's just executing our plans of calling on customers. It's a very competitive market, obviously, the industry is struggling with loan credit and so it's very competitive and we're trying to win these customers, one at a time each and every day.
David Turner: Let me give you a little more color on you asked the margin questions, so did Craig earlier. As we continue to reflect on where we think we can go for 3%, it's more specifics on our maturing CD's. In the fourth quarter we do have the $4 billion maturing, the average rate there is 1.37% and then in the first quarter its $4.6 billion of CD's maturing with a rate of 2.36%. So you could think about that in terms of where we might go with our continued improvement in large and net interest income and margin expansion.
Grayson Hall: So I mean, because I do think that we will continue to see some improvement on our deposit cost. We believe that's going to occur but the patient improvement coming from deposit cost will obviously slow and the material improvement on our margin going forward has to be in loan pricing discipline.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And the pace of (improvement) CD's slows post 1Q.
David Turner: It carries a little bit into the second quarter but the strongest is in the first quarter where we have some CD's at 4.55%.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Sure. But the average is 2 to 3 short.
David Turner: That's right.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from a line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Maybe I'm just missing something here but I'm trying to understand the Reg E impact that you had this quarter which hit was $60 million drag and how you get from that to the 50 to 60 for the back half of the year. I guess I thought I would just take double that 60 million.
David Turner: I think if you just did a straight line, you have 16 for the quarter, we just had, which was essentially a month and a half. So if you double that in your 32, straight lines, so 32 and the 16 is 48. That's your 50 million. And there's a little question in caution's caution. Caution in there with respect to what might happen, that's where the number comes from.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just something on your deferred tax assets, it looks like the amount that was excluded from Reg capital came down a little bit this quarter. And I was just wondering if you could give us one, the overall deferred tax asset amount and then just how we should think about how much is included versus excluded going forward in the inventory capital.
David Turner: Today our deferred tax assets is a little over $1 billion. We exclude just over $400 million from our capital calculation and that's based on regulatory rules. We look at and forecast our income as defined by the regulators and that 400 didn't change dramatically from quarter to quarter, do we continue at it every quarter and it's dependent on our return to sustainable profitability. So I guess the way I would look at it is as we see the economy turn, the credit turns and our return to sustainable profitability will be the triggering point where we can count that little over $400 million with just 40 some odd basis points in Tier 1 common and so we continue to look at that every quarter. 
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Lastly if we look at the securities portfolio, I think you have one of the higher quality books out there and that might be driving some of the increase in prepayments which is obviously happening industry wide but if you could give us a sense of what the prepayments have been doing there and I guess what the strategy is on the securities book going forward, do you plan to reinvest or let something run off like you this quarter and use us (inaudible).
David Turner: Yeah, we had mentioned in the conference about pre-payment really coming through the government short revive program versus this which is kind of market driven with a low rate environment. Given, we do have substantial gains in our investment portfolio, a little over $600 million at the end of the quarter, that's up even today, we measured today, which poses risk to us to the extent pre-payments occur. We are going to evaluate what that risk is and whether it makes sense to continue along with our strategy which has been a fairly clean investment portfolio virtually all of it in agency guaranteed and we did that as we de-risked our balance sheet at CMBS, taking credit risk and our investment portfolio. We had on the loan side and we did think that was prudent for us to do. We are looking at ways to re-invest proceeds coming off the investment portfolio as well as whether it makes sense to take any gains and reposition into other asset classes, whether it would be back into some of newer (inaudible) CMBS or corporate or whatever the case maybe and we will reevaluate that during the quarter. What we have been seeing from a cash flow perspective of the investment portfolio, it's been about $500 million per month to re-invest. As a result of prepayments that number's been up about $300 million on top of that. So we have about $800 million right now to deal with from a reinvestment standpoint and we will consider that in our overall balance sheet strategy going forward through this fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from line of Casey Ambrecht with Millennium.
Casey Ambrecht - Millennium: One thing we are looking at, we are trying to figure out if Regions has enough capital? Right now if your tangible common equity of 6.13% or 7.8 billion seemed light considering you have criticized assets around 6.2 billion, can you comment on that?
David Turner: Your percentages that you came up with Tier 1 comment or we have about.
Casey Ambrecht - Millennium: No, I'm just looking at your tangible equity. The tangible equity of 7.8 billion and you have about 6.2 billion of criticized assets.
David Turner: We've continued to honestly look at our capital levels. We feel like we are in good position from that standpoint. We do have, as I mentioned earlier, over $600 million for the gains sitting in our portfolio. We have in order to really get our capital generation goal, we've realized we have to return the sustainable profitability there, which is dependent on our turn, in our credit metrics.
Casey Ambrecht - Millennium: But it sounds like from the call that the provision should be elevated for a lot more quarters to come.
David Turner: We've continued to evaluate the level of our reserves that we need to have. Our charge offs will remain elevated as we discussed. Our provisioning will be dependent on what we see credit metrics doing from a migration to non-performing status. And as we see that while our charge offs may remain high, the question is when are you able, when is it prudent to do, to provide less than your charge offs and that's what we have to watch each and every day for that turn. 
Casey Ambrecht - Millennium:  Maybe I can ask you one other way then. What happens if housing were to rollover 10% from here or 15%? How much cushion do you have to protect yourselves for housing double debts?
David Turner:  We have a robust capital planning process that we go through, including multiple scenarios, adverse scenarios. We have about, actually five scenarios that we run from an adverse standpoint, which includes GET and housing prices and unemployment. And we have gone through those scenarios and believe we will be adequately capitalized through those scenarios.  We continue to update that each and every month as the group meets, and we think from that prospective that we have enough capital. If you go through another double debt I will see if it strains on capital, no question about that. But we think based on our forecasting that we should be in okay shape from that standpoint. 
Casey Ambrecht - Millennium:  And then one last question, if you had to look forward a year, I know a lot of things are dependent on housing and the markets, but if you had to look forward a year and considering you had $6.2 billion in criticized assets, a lot of which already related. How much do you think your book size is going to be down in a year? Last year at this time it's $7.40 now it's $6.22. So you are down 16% a year, where do you think you will be in a year from now?
David Turner: We haven't given guidance with respect to what we think our book value will be or our earnings for the next year. I think there is no question that the determinant of where we will be with regards to tour book value is going to based on the economy and the turn in our credit metrics. And that is the key driver. And if you can tell me when the economy is going to settle down and improve, I can give you better perspective on that. But that is really what it is going to be driven off of.
Operator:  Thank you your next question comes from line of Heather Wolf with UBS. 
Heather Wolf - UBS:  A couple of quick questions, on the billion dollars of troubled assets sold or transferred and the $4 billion of inflows, can you give us a sense for how much of that is related to resi-real estate, and how much of it is related to commercial real estate?
David Turner:   Yes, Heather I would say that the majority of what you saw in our dispositions was really dealt with on the commercial side. We did do that bulk transaction that has to do on our sales of, I believe it was $350 million that had part of it coming out of the loan sale and OREO, but the majority of what you saw coming through was from the commercial side.
Heather Wolf - UBS:  I think I had this problem last quarter, let me clarify again. I understand it is all coming from the commercial side of it, but is it land and property for you in resi, or four years on commercial real estate, such as retail, lodging, hotel et cetera?
David Turner:   It is predominantly coming through on the land side. If you look resi land. If you look at page 24, of our earnings supplement that gives a little bit of a break down. And I would say when you look at land condo and single family, the majority of the green part is coming out of the resi side.
Heather Wolf - UBS: Can you give us a sense for all of your NPA, OREO and NPL, where do you have that resi land marked currently?
David Turner: I am trying to go through and think of our numbers of how I will have to get lift and get back to you on that and make sure we have the right number. Because we're gone through and marked down over a period of time and then did a recent markdown we move the held for sale. 
Grayson Hall : And every time we revaluate evaluations, and so we will have to calculate that. It's a good question.
David Turner: Let me give you some broad strokes, and this may not be what you are looking for, but obviously if we have that in OREO or held for sale, that's been marked to market. So we have that covered to whatever the current market price is. Now if you are asking what's the percentage of book we'll have to get back to you on that. Also we do have those mortgages and non-performing loans too, and I don't have the reserve coverage on those. Is that what you want to know about?
Heather Wolf - UBS: Yes, I am trying to figure out, how much more in the way of marks we can expect on the existing NPL book?
Grayson Hall: I mean it's a good question. We can certainly spend some time.
David Turner: We will get back to the list, and then contact you.
Heather Wolf - UBS: And then, one last question on your consumer leverage structured but not included in NPAs. Can you give us a sense for the types of redefaults you are seeing currently versus what they may have looked like previously?
Grayson Hall: Heather I've got Barb Godin here with us, and I'll ask Barb to sort of answer that question, please.
Barb Godin:  Yes, we are continuing to see (inaudible) rate give or take around 20% on that book. And that's sold a pretty confident for us over the last six or seven quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jefferson Harralson with KBW.
Jefferson Harralson - KBW: Thought you guys could help with put back risk and the amount of loans that you have originated, I was thinking specifically about EcoFirst, I know it's been a long time ago you sold it, but do you hold like a warranty risk on EcoFirst?
Barb Godin: No, we don't have any.
Grayson Hall: We do not.
Jefferson Harralson - KBW: And can you talk by the put back that you've received so far, and what you expect over the next two quarters?
David Turner: In terms of our put back they've been fairly consistent and not all that large, we're probably in the $3 million to $5 million range per quarter. We think we have our reserve covered about almost two years of our exposure based on our experience with our reserve of around little over $30 million. So our put backs repurchased reserve issue that you've seen in other places just have not been an issue for us.
Grayson Hall: And Jefferson we have predominantly sold to the agencies, and so almost all our put backs coming from the agencies. They come in two forms. They come in and make hold transactions which is where the agency has disposed of that property at a loss, and they're expecting to make them whole on that loss.  They also come back in mortgages that they're asking us to put back on our balance sheet. As David said, we're incurring a loss on the combined of those two in the $3 million to $5 million a quarter. That's a little bit up from last year, but not materially.  And we look at a $40 billion loan portfolio that we're servicing it's just not material to our numbers, and that we don't anticipate it in the coming material. I would tell you on the loans that they are putting back to us. We are challenging or appealing some numbers of those. We are probably the ones we feel. We probably win half of those but I would tell you successfully they are putting back about 80% of what they desire to put back and so but overall I mean if you look at our numbers, the size of our portfolio, just not a material issue for Regions.
Jefferson Harralson - KBW: And lastly on the GAAP DTA, what type of scenario would it take for the GAAP DTA to have to be written down. Do you need to be profitable you think by second or third quarter next year or do you, I guess if you are not profitable by I don't know third quarter next year would you expect GAAP DTA write-downs.
David Turner: The threshold is more likely than not. If you would realize the benefits of that deferred tax asset and so we evaluate that. The vast majority of our DTA is due to our allowance for loan losses and the timing differences related to that, for booking tax. We don't have a lot of net operating loss carry forwards that are about to expire which would put more risk that you would have to have evaluation allowance for GAAP purposes. So we've obviously trended out cash flows and profitability over an extended period of time in support of the DTA and from a GAAP standpoint we don't foresee at least at this juncture any valuation allowance, anything in addition to what we already have. I think we had some valuation allowance for some state net operating loss carry forwards that are fairly minor but we do not anticipate having that valuation allowance for GAAP purposes.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question comes from the line of Scott Valentin with FBR Capital Markets. 
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets: You mentioned Florida is still being an area of concern, just wondering with the foreclosure issues starting to creep up, what that would do to foreclosure timelines and potentially OREO expense going forward.
Grayson Hall: Scott, we continue to see from market to market. There are markets in Florida stabilizing but there are many who still are showing the clients and we are predicting further clients in the next year. Right now on average in Florida our foreclosure process, we are taking about 23 months. We are trying to work hard with those customers but obviously our foreclosure rate in the State of Florida is high. Its about at the national average for all the US but Florida as you know is probably three or four times the national average of Florida and so we are disappointed that we got foreclosures period but encouraged it for forward closure rate compared so favorably but we would anticipate that there's going to be a lot of attention on this issue, its too early to call. There is a certain amount of media attention and there will be a certain amount of regulatory intensity around this foreclosure issue. I think in today's call its way too early for us to predict what some of the implications to foreclosures will be going forward. I can tell you we feel good about our process but we are going back and revalidating and retesting to make sure that everything is working as it should be but I think it's going to take a few weeks for this issue to fold out across the industry and as it does, we will react appropriately but I think we are in a good position today.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets: And just in terms of kind of duration of the foreclosure process, do you test for impairments initially, you booked the asset I guess and do a fair market, mark-to-market on the asset and do you test later maybe 12 months or some period later for impairment?
Barb Godin : Yes we do.
Grayson Hall : Yeah, Barb, can you speak there just a second.
Barb Godin : Yes, we absolutely do and I guess its way back to increase (inaudible) the gross profit. I should just give you some metrics on our quarter foreclosure rate. We are at 434 compared to an industry of 14% and even during this entire timeframe with the foreclosure issue, factoring in the media, we have not stopped our foreclosure process again. We work very diligently with our customers, up to the point of foreclosure and even up to the point of being sold on the courthouse steps so that we get every opportunity to avoid foreclosure where possible. But again the second part of your question is yes we could touch on impairment.
David Turner : Let me add to that. We go through a process and get updated with appraisals periodically but we have, you know, its incumbent upon us to make sure we are taking markdowns on our OREO at least quarterly for the accounting rules. So even if we don't have an appraisal, doesn't mean we don't at least consider what we are seeing with sales activities, what's going on in the marketplace. We would leverage that information to think whatever much we think we need to on a quarterly basis.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets : On a different note, on the guarantor issue, it sounded like you reviewed loans for guarantor financial ability to carry loan, was that an entire loan portfolio, or you are just doing a segment of the portfolio and is there much more to review there.
Bill Wells: What we do Scott is, as we go through our risk rating scale, we go through and look at guarantor support on an ongoing basis. These are some of our credits that we had identified and we went through those specifically to identify where the guarantor issues were. Usually these are in some of your troubled assets when the question came up about valuation and that in part came about the question about looking at guarantors. But we look at our whole portfolio on an ongoing basis to look about where we are as far as the guarantor's willingness and capacity to repay.
Grayson Hall: But Scott let me be clear, the valuation is a big part of this issue. It's not just revaluating guarantor support, its revaluating guarantor support and a lot of valuation change.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets : Okay and because you mentioned before its ongoing I guess it's direct all time.
Grayson Hall: That's correct.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Hall for closing remarks.
Grayson Hall: Well, thank you everyone for your questions. We appreciate your time this morning and we will stand adjourned. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Owen - Head of Consumer Services, Head of Consumer Services Group -Regions Bank and Senior Executive Vice President-Regions Bank David Turner - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Member of the Executive Council O. Hall - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer, President of Regions Bank, Chief Operating Officer of Regions Bank and Director of Regions Bank M. Underwood - Director of Investor Relations William Wells - Chief Risk Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Head of Risk Management Group, Chief Risk Officer-Regions Bank, Senior Executive Vice President -Regions Bank and Head of Risk Management Group-Regions Bank
Analysts: Albert Savastano - Macquarie Research Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG Ryan Nash  Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners, LLC Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC Heather Wolf - UBS Investment Bank Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corp.'s Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Christie, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood. Please go ahead, sir.
M. Underwood: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation. Our presenters today are our President and Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner; also here and available to answer questions are Bill Wells, our Chief Risk Officer; Tom Neely, our Director of Risk Analytics; and Barb Godin, our head of Consumer Credit.  Let me quickly touch on our presentation format. We prepared a short slide presentation which will accompany David's comments. It's available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. For those of you in the investment community that dialed in by phone, once you are on the Investor Relations section of our website, just click on Live Phone Player, and the slides will automatically advance in sync with the audio of the presentation. A copy of the slides is available on our website. Our presentation this morning will discuss Regions' business outlook and includes forward-looking statements. These statements may include descriptions of management's plans, objectives or goals for future operations, products or services, forecast of financial or other performance measures, statements about the expected quality, performance or collectibility of loans and statements about Regions' general outlook for economic and business conditions. We also may make other forward-looking statements in the question-and-answer period following the discussion.  These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ is available from today's earnings press release and presentation in today's Form 8-K, in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, and in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009.  As a reminder, forward-looking statements are effective only as of the date they are made, and we assume no obligation to update information concerning our expectations. Let me also mention that our discussions may include the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these to the same measures on a GAAP basis can be found in our earnings release and related supplemental financial schedules.  Now I will turn it over to Grayson.
O. Hall: Good morning, and thanks for taking the time to join our conference call. As announced earlier today, Regions reported a second quarter loss of $0.28 per share, which included a charge related to Morgan Keegan regulatory proceedings. Concerning this charge, as you may recall, administrative proceedings are brought against Morgan Keegan and Morgan Asset Management on April 7 by the SEC, FINRA and a joint state task force of security regulators. Although we have not reached final settlement, based on the current status of negotiations, we recorded a nontax deductible $200 million charge representing the estimate of probable loss.  Excluding this charge, second quarter's loss was $0.11 per share, representing an improvement from first quarter's $0.21 per share loss, giving us additional confidence that we have the right strategy in place to return Regions to sustainable level of profitability. It just requires that we continue to focus on execution of our plans. Although we are making progress, and we are even slightly ahead of our own internal forecast, we are clearly not satisfied. The economic environment, while slowly improving, is challenging and fragile and it is too soon to know the ultimate impact of the Gulf oil spill and regulatory reform legislation. But our focus is to improve our credit metrics, while managing aggressively our expenses. The slow nature of the economy requires that we remain cautious and prudent with our actions. We are encouraged by second quarter's core improvement. On a linked-quarter basis, total adjusted revenues grew 3%, adjusted noninterest expenses declined 4%, and our net interest margin and credit metrics both improved.  Balance sheet risk was further reduced, and we continue to see solid low-cost deposit growth. Credit-related cost, while moderating, clearly remain elevated, with loan loss provision and OREO expenses having a $0.36 per share negative effect on second quarter's earnings. However, we believe that the earnings that are burdened from the elevated provision expense should begin to moderate going forward. Our proactive efforts to recognize and resolve problem assets are providing a favorable impact. We are not anticipating nor are we forecasting a double dip recession for the economy, but the nature of the slow economic improvement has resulted in a much more conservative low-growth forecast for our business and requires that we exercise extreme care in the management of our credit risk. As many of you are aware, our focus on customers and cross-sell opportunities, along with strong customer service, has resulted in strong growth and new checking accounts and low-cost deposits. This continued in the second quarter. Average low-cost deposits rose 4% versus the second quarter, and we are on track to open approximately 1 million new business in consumer checking accounts again this year, matching or exceeding 2009's record level. The ongoing positive shift in our deposit mix had resulted in a favorable improvement in funding costs driving our net interest income and resulting margin even higher. It should continue to do so. Second quarter's margin increased 10 basis points and is very much on target to reach our goals. Not surprisingly, there was a 3% decline in our loans outstanding near the second quarter, and balances are expected to remain challenged for the remainder of the year. We did experience an increase in loan production volumes in the second quarter, but it was substantially below normalized levels. Reduced demand from credit-worthy borrowers, both consumer and businesses, and deleveraging from loan payoffs and pay downs are all contributing factors. Also, as been the case for several quarters now, average loan outstandings also reflect our disciplined efforts to reduce exposure to high-risk portfolio segments, specifically, investor commercial real estate.  The Investor Commercial Real Estate portfolio declined $1.5 billion in the second quarter, bringing our total outstandings to $19 billion. This means that we've brought over the past 12 months a reduction of $4.7 billion to this portfolio. Our small business and middle-market bankers are trying to position ourselves to take advantage when loan demand returns. We're actively calling on existing customers and importantly, potentially new customers. Our strategy leverages our extensive branch network to aggressively call on the targeted Small Business Banking segment. We are also active in the Commercial Middle Market segment and we have recent success with specialized lending groups.  Commercial line of credit commitments remained strong, but utilization rates have stabilized at historically low levels. Commercial lending pipelines are showing signs of strength, but have yet to materialize into increased outstandings. On the consumer lending front, we are aggressively working to improve consumer loan volume production, while maintaining pricing discipline. Along those lines, we are increasing loan advertising, expanding direct-mail programs and extending preapproved point-of-sale offers and importantly, our sales plans are focused on properly priced and prudently underwritten loan production to drive these programs. Our second quarter total consumer loan production was up by 40% over first quarter, with our year-to-date yield on new home equity production is 171 basis points of our prime, but our loan production volumes across consumer segments are far below normalized levels, and we anticipate a slow growth economy with high unemployment and low interest rates. Our customer demand has shifted from home equity to more direct loans and other consumer lending products. As such, we've made a strategic decision to re-enter the Indirect Auto Lending business with our activity in this business resuming in the third quarter. With the increased demand for auto loans as well as the loss rates in this sector performing better than expected during the economic downturn, this move will help us to diversify our consumer lending portfolio and improve our concentration mix and at the same time, providing dealerships with an avenue for their customers to finance their auto lending needs. With respect to mortgage lending, second quarter production was up 31% linked quarter to $1.8 billion in originations. We continue to increase our market share, providing outstanding customer service and enhanced speed and simplicity of the entire mortgage process. Overall, consumer lending is showing signs of improvement that demonstrating a net increase in outstandings is proving difficult. Moving on to a couple of other issues, I am confident about the clear strategy we have in place and our leadership team's commitment to successfully executing the strategy. However, two second quarter events, the Gulf oil spill and the financial regulatory reform legislation, added to our challenges. The Gulf oil spill is a tremendous environmental and economic challenge. We are carefully evaluating the potential impact to our business and developing the necessary risk mitigation strategies to lessen the financial impact to our customers and our financial performance. It is difficult, if not impossible, for anyone to accurately estimate the environmental and economic impact at this particular point in time. But it does appear that substantial progress has been made in stopping the flow of oil from the oil into the Gulf.  We have confidence and the resilience in the individuals and the businesses located on the Gulf Coast as they have weathered a number of storms over the years. But we are proactively contacting our customers along the Gulf to determine how they're being impacted and how we may help in being part of the effort to restore the economies of these markets. Regions has a strong history in dealing with environmental disasters and how they impact our customers and the communities that we serve. When Hurricane Katrina hit the Gulf, we were armed with a disaster response plan and went to work immediately. We are following that same proven and disciplined process now with the oil spill. And as the number one bank on the Gulf Coast, we are in a great position to assist many individuals and businesses. We have set up a task force dedicated at collecting on-the-spot reports and updates from Regions' team members and Regions' customers that live and work in the affected markets, and we are coordinating our efforts to quickly, clearly and confidently communicate to local customers and businesses about Regions' ability to help, as well as availability of Small Business Administration direct programs, state programs and BP assistance efforts  With respect to potential exposure, we had to make a number of assumptions regarding the geographic impact area. First, we reviewed businesses and consumer lending relationships in a geographic area ranging from Lake Charles, Louisiana to just North of Tampa, Florida. The exposure area totals four Regions, $3.1 billion in loans outstanding and $8.4 billion in deposits. We thoroughly analyzed exposures to high-risk industries including tourism, commercial fishing, sport fishing, hospitality, restaurants and condominium. Specific to consumer exposure, we stress tested all the residential mortgages within 25 miles of the coastline. We stressed these loans using two stress scenarios. One was a straightforward doubling of our highest historical loss rate and the other was even more adverse. It included shocking state employment levels for all impacted markets, as well as reducing residential home prices a further 20% from already existing low levels, while also reflecting negative GDP in these specific markets. Using this conservative methodology, we estimate total financial losses for Regions to be approximately $100 million in the most adverse case. Let me point out that our loss estimate is conservative, and assumes no benefit from private insurance payments, government support or stimulus money that BP has committed, any of which would potentially reduce our forecasted losses. As a historic reference, using essentially the same discipline methodology, I'll note that we initially estimated our losses from Hurricane Katrina to be approximately $70 million. And at the end of the day, our losses turned out to be less than $10 million. When we made that estimate, we did not consider the amount of payment that we or our customers will receive from public or private sources. As you can be assured, we will continue to closely monitor our portfolio and actively work with customers to mitigate any possible negative financial impact. And furthermore, we anticipate that this financial impact will occur over an extended period of time. Now let me speak directly to the other recent event, regulatory reform. We are assessing the potential impacts on our revenue, expenses, capital and our business models. And we're evaluating steps that we can take, adjustments that we can make to our business models to mitigate the business impact. We know for instance that the Durbin amendment will put downward pressure on interchange revenues, which in total for Regions is approximately $330 million annually. But the extent of the interchange pricing reduction is not currently defined, so before we can provide a valid estimate, we need to see clarity regarding exact rules, regarding interchange price setting. What we are promptly adjusting our business model is in anticipation of these revenue challenges to provide a substantial level of earnings impact mitigation, while still being committed to and providing products and services that our customers value.  In addition, our expense base, we pressured from many regulatory provisions included in this legislation. Regardless, we will continue to consider and implement ways to improve our operating efficiency. As for the capital implications of this reform, trust-preferred stocks, we phased out as an allowable component of Tier 1 capital. This change does not create a particularly challenging problem for Regions since trust prefers only represent $846 million or 86 basis points of our Tier 1 capital, which was a strong 12% at the end of the quarter. We, like all the financial institutions, we will face the challenge of a likely higher capital requirements once regulatory authorities work through the new guidelines. We believe that we are well prepared to handle any new capital requirements in a timely fashion. In summary, I am confident that Regions remains firmly on the path to return to sustainable profitability. We are forecasting a slow but improving economic environment, modestly higher net interest income and a continued improvement in expense management. Our actions serve to offset the challenges post our revenue streams. Our core business fundamentals are strong. We have a solid franchise operating in good markets that will remain desirable over the long-term. Regions does have a potential for long-term success, and we are focused on the disciplined execution of our business plans. So with that, David, I'll now turn the discussion to our second quarter financial details.
David Turner: Thank you, and good morning. Let's begin with a summary of our second quarter results on Slide 1. As Grayson mentioned, our second quarter loss amounted to $0.28 per diluted share or $0.11 per share, excluding the regulatory charge. While we are not satisfied with the second quarter loss, we are pleased with another quarter of steady improvement in our core business, highlighted by improvements in pretax pre-provision net revenue or PPNR, and our improvements in asset quality metrics. In summary, all three categories of our PPNR improved linked quarter. Net interest income increased $25 million, and the resulting net interest margin improved 10 basis points to 2.87%. Noninterest income increased $22 million or 3%, linked quarter, excluding first quarter's securities and leverage lease termination gains. And noninterest expenses decline $42 million or 4% first to second quarter, excluding the Morgan Keegan regulatory charge and first quarters' loss on early extinguishment of debt and branch consolidation charges. Regarding credit quality, nonperforming assets, excluding loans held for sale, declined $297 million or 7% during the quarter, and is reflective of continued improvement in our credit quality trends. Our provision for loan losses decreased to $651 million from $770 million in the previous quarter, and was essentially equal to net charge offs.  Now let's take a deeper look at the quarterly results beginning with credit. Slide 2 shows that net nonperforming assets not only declined $297 million, but gross inflows also declined, again, led by investor real estate. Our proactive sales program coupled with aggressive marks and transfers to held for sale have accelerated the decline in nonperforming assets. During the second quarter, we sold or transferred $779 million of loans and problem assets, bringing the total to over $4 billion over the last seven quarters. Discounts on problem asset sales and loans that were mark-to-market were a little changed at 24% on average this quarter, from the first quarter's 23% and fourth quarter 2009's 29%.  The decline in NPA has exceeded our earlier expectations and reflect the first improvement in several quarters. While we are encouraged by this improvement, we remain cautious concerning the outlook for NPAs. Although our internally risk-rated problem loan trends remain favorable, the slow and fragile nature of the economic recovery requires that we remain cautious until we see clear signs of strength in this economy. Net charge-offs declined $49 million to $651 million or an annualized 2.99% of average loans compared to first quarter's annualized 3.16%. The decline in net charge-offs continued to reflect efforts to derisk our balance sheet and dispose some problem assets. Given the improving credit quality trends, provision cost declined in the quarter. As you can see on Slide 3, our provision of $651 million essentially match net charge-offs, and declined $119 million in the second quarter, marking the second consecutive quarterly reduction. Our loan-loss allowance to loans ratio increased 10 basis points, linked quarter, to 3.71% at June 30 due to a lower level of loans outstanding. As I stated earlier, we are being cautious, and our actual level of NPAs and provision expense will be dependent on our asset quality metrics, which will reflect economic conditions, especially unemployment and housing data. Further, while the Gulf oil spill will be a challenge, we believe it will be financially manageable. Having said that, we will be closely monitoring the situation and our provisioning will incorporate any deterioration in effective portfolios to the extent necessary. Let me give you some detail on troubled debt restructuring or TDRs, and why despite the relatively large balance, they are not expected to translate into substantial losses. Keep in mind that nearly all of our consumer TDRs, which comprise about 89% of total TDRs, are a function of our proactive Customer Assistance Program. And very importantly, 95% of consumer TDRs are accruing interest. Through our Customer Assistance Program, we proactively contact consumer borrowers even before they become delinquent, often making modifications to loan terms such as deferring a payment or reducing an interest rate. Any such concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty requires a loan to be classified as a TDR. While these concessions may not be significant, they have proven very helpful to borrowers in need. Importantly, the re-default rate has been very low as our foreclosure rate, which is less than half the national average. These metrics and the monthly conversations we have with each and every borrower give us confidence that our program will continue to benefit borrowers and Regions alike over the long-term. Turning to the balance sheet. Slide 5 breaks down this quarter's change in loans and deposits. Note that $1.5 billion of the $2.2 billion decrease in loans reflects our efforts to reduce investor real estate loans. However, new commercial lending remains challenging when utilization rates that were largely unchanged versus the previous quarter. Most commercial customers are still waiting on confidence in the sustainability of the economic recovery before drawing down lines. In any case, we remain positioned to grow balances as the economy improves, and customers begin to rebuild inventories, make new capital investments and start expanding their businesses. However, we are encouraged by the increases we have recently seen in June and July commitments. On the liability side of the balance sheet, low-cost deposit growth mostly money market and interest rate balances were strong. Average balances were up $2.7 billion quarter-over-quarter. This reflects outstanding customer acquisition and retention, bolstered by service and satisfaction levels that are higher today than at any point in our history. Average low-cost deposit growth allowed us to reduce higher cost time deposits by $2.8 billion in the second quarter. And as noted earlier, resulted in lower funding cost for the quarter. Importantly, opportunities exist for further improvement in our deposit mix and cost over the coming quarters. Slide 6 provides a quick view of the relationship between growing low cost deposits and improving total deposit cost. Average time deposits as a percentage of total deposits declined from 30.3% in the first quarter to 27.5% in the second quarter. Coupled with our deposit pricing efforts, we lowered deposit cost 21 basis points this quarter to 0.79%.  Looking closer at the top line, net interest margin and net interest income are significantly benefiting from the positively changing mix and cost of our deposit base. As noted on Slide 7, fully taxable-equivalent net interest income of $863 million was up nearly 3%, linked quarter, despite a lower earning asset base. Our resulting net interest margin expanded 10 basis points to 2.87%. Our emphasis on improving both deposit mix and cost will be a primary driver of the margin improvement. As a reminder, we have approximately $8 billion of CDs maturing over the remainder of this year, which will be repriced to market rates as they mature. These CDs currently carry an average 1.71 interest rate, implying a meaningful positive benefit to our overall deposit cost. Pricing momentum will carry into next year too when we have another $4.1 billion of first quarter maturities, about $1.5 billion of which carry a 4.55% interest rate. Before moving on, I want to make it clear, we currently expect interest rates to remain low until well into 2011. All else being equal, a persistently low rate environment will put pressure on the margin. In consideration of that, we have extended our short-term hedge position to help maintain the margin and net interest income in the event that rates do remain low well into next year. These hedges now mature in the fourth quarter of 2011, reflecting a nine-month extension of the hedge period since our last earnings release. Turning to Slide 8. We were able to grow adjusted noninterest revenues, 3%, while reducing adjusted noninterest expenses, 4%. The main noninterest income driver was an $18 million increase in brokerage revenues, owing largely to strong fixed income business, higher private client revenues, as well as strong investment banking activity. Noninterest income also reflects a 5% increase in service charges, primarily from higher interchange transaction activity. Note that NSF/OD policy changes related to the dollar limit and daily occurrence caps took effect on April 1. However, while these did reduce service charges, the effect was offset by an increase in customer transaction activity.  Policy changes associated with Regulation E began in the second quarter, and will be fully implemented during the third quarter. The results of our program to educate customers on the impact to them regarding Regulation E are continuing. To date, we have successfully reached approximately half of the users of our standard overdraft service with 90% deciding to opt in or participate in our overdraft protection program, while 10% have opted out. As you may remember, we originally estimated the impact of this legislative change would be a net reduction of service charge revenue of $72 million in 2010, and we continue to believe this is our best estimate. Mortgage income declined $4 million, linked quarter, primarily due to a reduction in benefits from hedging mortgage servicing rights. However, origination volume of $1.8 billion was up versus the prior quarters' $1.4 billion, with June representing the highest monthly volume this year.  The pipeline remains strong as well, and in the second quarter, unclosed loans were up 40% versus the March 31 level. Also of note, 59% of second quarter volume represented purchases compared to 45% last quarter and just 24% a year ago. As mentioned earlier, the decline in adjusted non-interest expenses was largely due to lower salaries and benefits costs as we remain focused on fine-tuning staffing models and improving personnel efficiency. In fact, we have reduced headcount by nearly 2,000 or 6.5% in the last year alone and approximately 300 since end of the last quarter. Lower payroll taxes were also a factor, declining for first quarter's seasonally high level. We have an intense focus on expense management, and we will continue to control discretionary expenses and improve operating efficiency. However, certain headwinds, including higher FDIC premiums and credit-related costs, will continue to impact the bottom line for the foreseeable future. Having said that, given that many of these costs are tied to other real estate and workout costs, we believe the decline in non-performing assets serves as a leading indicator of an eventual decline in credit-related costs. Let's finish up with capital. As you can see, capital ratios remain strong at quarter end, with a Tier 1 capital ratio that now stands at an estimated 12% and a Tier 1 common ratio estimated at a very solid 7.7%. In addition, we have provided a pro forma capital estimate, which excludes trust preferred securities from our capital. As Grayson mentioned earlier and as illustrated here, we do not have much trust preferred in our capital and are not as impacted by this legislation as others will be in the industry. To sum up, we are pleased with Regions' second quarter progress, thanks to the effort of our hardworking team. And while we have a lot of hard work ahead of us, you can be assured that everyone at Regions remains firmly focused on returning the company to a sustainable level of profitability as promptly as possible, while continuing to improve our risk profiles. We have a strong franchise, with solid underlying business fundamentals as evidenced by this quarter's core results. We have high expectations for Regions and are committed to delivering for our shareholders, customers and associates.  And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Your share count, up about 5% on an end-of-period basis and then also your Tier 1 common, up 60 bps. Both were a little higher than I had modeled and just wondering what drove them and where they relate it.
David Turner: Yes, Brian, this is David. What we did is, we elected to early convert our mandatory convertibles preferred, which by its term, would have converted into common stock in December. And we chose to do that based on the economics that are embedded in the agreement. And so we added roughly 63 million shares in total, some of which, on an average basis, would have come through in the quarter. And we did that towards the end of the second quarter, so you don't have the full weighting of that yet, but that was really the difference, probably, in your model.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And understanding the averaging effect, is that now fully in the end of period or is there more to come at some point in the future?
David Turner: No, it's fully in the period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: A little bit about your experience in your loan sales. In other words, I believe, correct me if I'm wrong, that you said you have your NPAs marked down roughly $0.25 on a dollar. Are you selling them at those prices? Or what prices are you moving some of these assets off the books?
O. Hall: Paul, this is Grayson. Listen, I'll answer and I'll ask the folks in our credit team to comment a little bit further. First of all, we're still continuing to see strong demand for our stress credits. We sold approximately $620 million in stress credits in the quarter. And as David mentioned, we wound up with a discount of roughly 24% off of those. And in fact, the loans that we are selling out of OREO, or the property we're selling out of OREO are the loans we're selling out of held for sale, are coming in very close to our marks. And in fact, in some cases, we're realizing gains on those sales. So still strong demand, strong sales and we're continuing with that strategy. I'll stop and let the credit team add to that.
William Wells: This is Bill Wells. Again, we had a very good quarter in sales. And as Grayson mentioned our marks held pretty true to what we thought. Not only did we have a good quarter of sale problem loans, but out of OREO, I think we sold a little bit of 1,600 properties. And then we had a good bid of sales out of our held for sale. So we believe our marks have been holding pretty true. And we continue to see active interest going into this quarter also. We've had about $50 million in sales and we've got another, about, $50 million in pending contracts. So we continue to see good progress.
O. Hall: Will and Paul, one other point is that if you look at our charge-off number this quarter of $651 million, there still is a fairly substantial number related to valuation charges. That being said, we are seeing some stabilization in our markets and the valuation charges on our OREO held for sale and NPLs is starting to decline due to that stabilization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG: Just looking at the trend in your non-interest expenses, I'm wondering, was the biggest driver down there little less than the OREO side?
David Turner: That was not the biggest contributor, but that was one of the contributors. The first quarter from the salaries-and-benefits standpoint is, you have seasonally high payroll tax expense in that first quarter and that was a piece of the pickup as well, with the remainder being the reduction in staffing, as I mentioned earlier, continuing to benefit the SMB line.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG: And that also is to actually other non-compensation? I thought that was higher up in the income statement?
David Turner: In the other, we would have also the held for sale. We had some held for sale gains that were in that other line that you're looking at.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG: And then just on Regulation E, it looks like you implemented some of your changes this quarter. Was there any positive revenue from these implementations? Any higher checking on maintenance fees? So when we think about kind of the run rate, anything unusually positive, which will stay there, but I'm just trying to compare the second quarter from the first quarter run rate?
O. Hall: Yes, when you look at the regulatory changes we put in the first and second quarter, really, at the end of the day, you sort of a net negative, minor, but net negative, but minimal impact. Where impact really starts to hit is in the third quarter. We really do have a number of changes that we've made to existing checking account product offerings that'll start to mitigate some of that impact. And we are pleased so far with our success and in talking to customers. If you look at roughly our 4 million checking accounts, 30% of those accounts would have had an NSF in the last 12 months. So that 30% of those customers, of that 30%, half of them has made the decision. And as David had indicated up earlier, 90% of them are either opting in to our standard overdraft process or signing up for overdraft protection, and only 10% are electing to go without either product. And so we're encouraged by that, but we still think that $70 million estimate is a good estimate for the balance of the year. I think full year next year is a bigger question. How much of that can we mitigate and offset with changes in our product offerings and changes in our customer behavior.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: One follow-up to that question, which is that therefore, we should assume a $35 million head to each of, well, two or 3Q that carries through to 4Q? Is that what you're saying?
David Turner: Yes. The $72 million actually gets a little higher in the third quarter, in the $40 million range with the fourth quarter being in the $40 million range. So I think that we still have mitigation that we have to put in place, and that's why it's getting -- it's a little more difficult to predict for the next year in terms of just leveraging off the run rate.
O. Hall: But I think, Betsy, what you're saying is, is that when you look at that $72 million when you annualized that over next year, obviously, it's not a full impact for full third quarter. There's only part of third quarter not impacted that. So if you didn't have any mitigating factors, it could be slightly more than twice that number next year. But we do have mitigating actions that we're taking and we'll be prepared at some juncture to share with you what we think the 2011 number will be. But it'll be better than what the annualized effect of this year
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And is that because opt in? The people who have opted into your new products that don't start to pay for them until next year?
O. Hall: Well, I mean, a couple of things. One is that the people who have opted in, either through overdraft protection or our standard overdraft process, that is one set of customers. The other set of customers are new accounts we're opening and what decisions are they're making. And as customers are impacted by this change, we're reaching out to those customers and giving them a second opportunity to make a decision. And when we do that, many are coming back that had previously opted out and opting back in once they really fully understand the implications of their decision.
David Turner: Yes. I think, this is David, Betsy, as people learn what it really means to not have not opt in and they've had that first experience as disappointing to them and they call the call center, we think we'll have another opportunity to give them another option so to speak.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: Two unrelated questions. First, it seems like your regulatory capital benefited in a pretty meaningful way from disallowed deferred tax assets coming down. It seems like there's a $500 million boost from that. And I guess I'm wondering what drove that and you still have a bunch of disallowed DTA, how quickly can the remaining amount come back?
David Turner: Yes. Let me kind of talk about all the capital. As I mentioned earlier, we early converted the mandatory convertible that picked up about 26 basis points in Tier 1 common. The second component of our capital change was the decline in our risk-weighted assets of approximately $2 billion. And then the final fees, Matt, you mentioned on disallowed deferred tax assets was reduced about half this quarter. And it's important to note that this calculation is defined by regulatory rules and it differs from GAAP, from the view of GAAP when you're talking about realizing DTAs. So what we do is, we look out over the next 12 months of taxable income as defined by the regulatory rules to determine how much of our DTA is allowed versus disallowed. As our PPNR and credit metrics have improved, we make adjustments to that projection, and we will continue to do so each and every quarter. The pace at which that comes in is hard to determine because it's depending on our credit metrics. And while we, as you heard our prepared comments, felt good about where they're going, we do remain cautious there and we hate to forecast the timing of the return of the DTA in the capital. It is important to note, though, that, that is temporary. And that ultimately, as we show our return to profitability, that, that remaining DTA of well over $400 million will come in to capital.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: So is it fair to say then that your outlook for the next 12 months in terms of return to profitability has increased meaningfully versus last quarter? Because the biggest driver, it sounds like that.
David Turner: I think that if you were to look at our expectations of return to profitability have changed from one quarter to the next, and clearly, you can look at our major components of PPNR, our improvement in credit metrics as being the indicators as to why we're feel that way.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just separately, the re-entry into the Indirect Auto business, this interest in the past month I've had a bank told me that spreads are too thin so they're getting out of it. I've had a bank coming, the spreads are pretty good, so they ramping up production. I'm just wondering if you give us some sense of what pricing is out there for you guys and how much volume you expect from here?
O. Hall: Well, when you look at our history, we were in the Indirect Auto Financing business for years. And at the beginning of this credit cycle, we made the decision to exit that business and we only exited that business in terms of origination. We have still been servicing a portfolio throughout the cycle. It's obviously a declining portfolio as customers have paid down and paid off, but we're still servicing that portfolio, still very cognizant of what the credit performance in that portfolio has been. We still have many of the people on our team who had participated in that business for a number of years. And getting back in it, it's not a particularly difficult feat for us since we still have the platform and we still have a lot of the leadership. And so we are going to re-enter this quarter, we believe from what we've seen some of the businesses, the dealerships we've spoken to, that there's a need for this product. In fact, what drove this decision more than anything else was consumers returning to our branches, asking for auto loans. We had not seen that for years. It's a strong indication that there is a need for financing for autos. We believe we know how to price it. We believe we've got the discipline to price it. I think the bigger question, important question you ask is, how much volume can we generate? We're not ready to predict that yet, but if we didn't think we could generate some decent volume, we wouldn't be getting back in it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Guggenheim Partners.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: David, the comments you made about the net interest margin and extending out the hedging that you have, you're obviously thinking that rates are going to stay low as we all kind of do for a long period of time. Are we getting any more, maybe not anxious is the right word, but kind of looking forward to trying to lengthen the asset as well to try to use some of the yield curve since we are so asset sensitive, and it looks like the benefit of that is going to be delayed so far?
David Turner: Marty, we think our duration on our portfolio is fairly consistent with our peer group. We're probably on our investment portfolio in the 2.5 year range maybe up to three. We have discussed whether or not we want to go out and take more duration to pick that up. And that's certainly is one thing we consider. But we have not done so at this time and I'll tell you, we will have ongoing dialogue in our ALCO process that will ultimately determine that. If you look at our investment portfolio in particular, we derisk that portfolio when this cycle started by selling off any CMBS and municipal securities, and so we're about 99% agency guaranteed in the investment portfolio today. But as loans have come down and we start reassessing the risks that we're taking in totality, and so we actually, from a risk-weighted asset position are pretty low on our risk rates, and it gives us an opportunity to perhaps take some additional risk, whether it be credit or duration. And we're going to be smart about how we use that opportunity, so that we don't lock ourselves into a problem for the long haul. We are all about what is the best interest for us in the long term. There are things we can do in the short term to generate profitability that we think works against us in the long term. And one of those is including our -- we have at quarter end about $800 million to unrealized gains in our investment portfolio that we did not take. We didn't take security gains because we don't think that's the long-term best interest of this franchise. And so to your point, we will continue to look at duration and other matters as we go into the next...
O. Hall: And Marty, this is Grayson. I just want to emphasize the point David just made. There's a number of things we could do to demonstrate stronger earnings short term, but would not be particularly wise decisions over the long term. And we are trying to build a franchise of strength for the long term. And if you look at our quarterly earnings, you'll see that there are a lot of things that we did not do that we could have to have demonstrated stronger earnings. But we, again, believe that we ought to stay in the course in trying to build the franchise for the long term. We did not take any security gains to offset any other expenses we had. We continue to carry a large unrealized gain in that portfolio, but those assets will provide a tremendous benefit for us and will do so for quarter to come. And we'll keep the duration relatively short compared to peer. There are peers with much longer duration in investment portfolio, but we do not want to take any undue risk at this point in the cycle.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Goldberg with Barclays Capital.
Ryan Nash : Yes, this is Ryan Nash from Jason Goldberg's office. Grayson, I think you talked about in prior guidance about NPAs and NCOs peaking at the end of the second quarter, and now with both coming in better than expectations and NPA formation declining. Combined with that, your outlook seems a bit cautious with the Gulf economy and other macro events but then on the flip side, your DTA is down substantially due to an improved outlook. How should we think about reserves for the back half of the year? I know in the past you talked about not adding any more, but should we start to think about you guys either potentially with the leasing reserves?
O. Hall: Well, I think the best way to look at that is, if you ask yourself, what's changed since last quarter? Certainly, our credit metrics have improved substantially, but our economic outlook has been tempered since then with all the advancement incurred on a macro basis. Our long-term economic forecast is a very slow-growth forecast, and we're adjusting our business expectations for that. The credit trends are favorable, but we're going to stay very disciplined on our allowance reserve methodology and let the numbers speak for themselves. If look at our reserve today, the allowance to loans is a strong 3.71% and our coverage ratio is about 92%, which puts us relatively in the middle of peer. We feel that our reserve is efficient today and we feel good about where we're at in terms of how that might change between now and the end of the year. In large part, I believe, it's going to be driven by the level economic improvement. That, at this point for us, as you heard the word encouraged, but cautious, that sort of where we're at today.
Ryan Nash : You made reference that you're expecting to continue to reach your goals on the margin. I know in the past quarter you talked about potential 3% by the end of the year, are you guys still expecting to reach that or is there something maybe impact in the margin that could change your outlook?
O. Hall: No, we set that target several months ago, and we still are remaining confident in our ability to reach that target, and know of nothing at this juncture that's stand in the way of us achieving that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Wolf with UBS.
Heather Wolf - UBS Investment Bank: Just a quick follow-up on the margin question. As you look into 2011, I'm wondering if you can quantify the additive impact of the hedge extension and whether or not you think that's enough to offset asset yields grinding lower without taking incremental interest rate and credit risk in your securities portfolio.
David Turner: Yes, we think, Heather, this is David. We think that the impact of that hedge really, as things level off, that the hedge will protect us from the downside. To the extent rates stayed low longer, we did not want to run the risk that our margin actually dips down below that 3% level that we've talked about, and to the extent that we're all wrong and things are that much better, and GDP is improving and everybody's feeling better, then the interest rate environment may go up and will ride with that. That's a very different environment than the protection on the low side. And that's what the hedge is intended to do.
Heather Wolf - UBS Investment Bank: And just one quick follow-up on commercial real estate, it looks like you had some upward pressure on non-accruals in the term mortgage buckets. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing there?
O. Hall: Yes, on commercial real estate, I think, you may have been talking a little about some of our evaluation charges that we did see on that. What I would say is that there was one particular credit that we've been watching for a particular time, over a period of time. We've got some new information in and we took a charge on that. Other than that, we've continue to derisk the portfolio, our balances are coming down. Everything that we've seen has been going as we felt that it could as far as investor real estate.
John Owen: Bill, why don't you comment just briefly on the construction book and where that stands today?
William Wells: One of the things that we have been watching very closely as a company is our construction book. At the time of the merger, it was almost $12 billion. Over the past year, a couple of years, we have worked that down to about $3.8 billion. So we've taken a good bit of risk out of that investor real estate portfolio. And our non-performings in that construction has been about 20%, and that's held pretty much true over the last several quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Marinac with FIG Partners.
Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners, LLC: I wanted to ask about TDRs on the commercial side and why you haven't used more of those, and do you think that may change in future quarters?
O. Hall: Well, Christopher, what we tried to do is, too really focus early on, on trying to dispose of stressed assets on the commercial side. We tried to work with a number of customers on restructuring, which is what we wind up in the TDR. Quite honestly, the market was deteriorating in such a pace that the opportunity to do that has been somewhat limited. We're having more success with that recently, but that continues to be a challenge for us. And I'll ask Bill to speak about that a little more.
William Wells: Well, I mean, it is that, that our focus has been recently over the last several quarters on the disposition effort. We're continuing to look at that. We think we're going to have another good quarter of sales. But as Grayson mentioned, we're looking at particular credit that we can restructure and that's what one of our goals this quarter to do, is to do or if our customers are available to it, is to do more of the restructuring.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fitzsimmons with Sandler O'Neill.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill: The one thing I would just throw in, Grayson, is most of the conference calls, you've mentioned how do you feel about TARP repayment. I would guess given just your comments about the economy and then the uncertainty in the Gulf, you're not going to be in any hurry to do that? Just if you had any other comments on that?
O. Hall: No. I mean, really, no update. No change in guidance on how we're viewing TARP repayment. We continue to be patient in that regard. We continue to believe that our focus ought to be on credit improvement and returning to profitability. And that issue will resolve itself.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Al Savastano with Macquarie.
Albert Savastano - Macquarie Research: Just on the Gulf exposure, can you just confirm that you didn't take any reserve this quarter?
O. Hall: Now what we've done, we take no specific reserves on the Gulf exposure itself. If you look at our loan loss allowance methodology, we do go in and adjust our allocation factors based off of environmental issues as we see them are in changes in our loss forecast for particular segments of our portfolio. But we do not have a Pacific allocation for a Gulf oil spill. It's embedded in our methodology.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Hall for closing remarks.
O. Hall: Well, in closing, let me say thank you for your time and attention. We appreciate you being here and your bulk of questions were helpful and appreciated as well. So thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: List Underwood  Director, IR Grayson Hall  President and CEO David Turner  CFO and Senior EVP Bill Wells  Chief Risk Officer and Senior EVP, Risk Management Group Barb Godin  EVP and Consumer Credit Executive
Analysts: Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank Craig Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus Ken Usdin  Bank of America Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley Kevin St. Pierre  Bernstein Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets Christopher Marinac  FIG Partners
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's quarterly earnings call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood to begin the conference call.
List Underwood: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We very much appreciate your participation in our call today. Our presenters this morning are our President and Chief Executive Officer, Grayson Hall; our Chief Financial Officer, David Turner; and Bill Wells, our Chief Risk Officer. Accompanying Bill is Tom Neely, our Director of Risk Analytics; and, Barb Godin, our Head of Consumer Credit. Also here with us this morning, our heads of our lines of business, Tim Laney who heads our business services line of business; John Owen, who heads our consumer credit line of business; and, John Carson, who heads Morgan Keegan. Let me quickly touch on our presentation format. We have prepared a short slide presentation to accompany David and Bill's comments. It's available under the Investor Relations section of regions.com. For those of you in the investment community that dialed in by phone, once you're on the Investor Relations section of our Web site, just click on live phone player and the slides will automatically advance in sync with the audio of the presentation. A copy of the slides will be available on our Web site shortly after the call. Our presentation this morning will discuss Regions' business outlook and includes forward-looking statements. These statements may include description of management's plans, objectives, or goals for future operations; products or services; forecasts of financial or other performance measures; statements about the expected quality, performance, or collectability of loans; and, statements about Regions' general outlook for economic and business conditions. We also may make other forward-looking statements in the question-and-answer period following the discussion. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ is available from today's earnings press release, in today's Form 8-K, in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. As a reminder, forward-looking statements are effective only as of the date they are made, and we assume no obligation to update information concerning our expectations. Let me also mention that our discussions may include the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these to the same measures on a GAAP basis can be found in our earnings release and related supplemental financial schedules. Now, we'll turn it over to Grayson.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, and thanks everyone for your time and attention today. Earlier, Regions reported a first quarter loss of $0.21 per share. This loss is in line with our internal expectations and is a notable improvement from the $0.51 per share loss we reported in the first  or fourth quarter of 2009. We are encouraged by the continual  continued financial progress. But clearly, no one at Regions is satisfied with this performance. And we're focused on our efforts to return to a  and sustainable profitability. We did clearly see credit and recession related expenses, improved (inaudible). They do remain elevated and continued to more than offset our strong underlying core earnings. I can assure you that my primary focus is returning the company to a level of sustained profitability. Getting back to profitability may not happen as promptly as any of us would desire, and we've got a lot of work yet to do. But I tell you today that I am convinced that we have the right team and we're taking the right actions to not only restore Regions' profitability, but more importantly, to build a stronger business model and a stronger franchise that will produce competitive long term financial performance. We have strategic priorities that we are confident will return our company to profitability. We're keeping our business focused on the customer. We're building for our future. We're restoring our financial performance. And we're committed to executing with excellence. We are absolutely keeping our team focused on the customer by historically and expanding our customer relationships with valued products and excellent service, and retaining more customer relationships than ever before. These priorities are our business guidelines for how we operate. We're building for our future by de-risking the balance sheet, aggressively addressing credit issues, and making sure our capital liquidity levels remain strong. And we will restore our financial performance by growing and diversifying our revenue base as well as improving our operating efficiency. The key factor to returning profitability is strong execution across the organization. And we have solid business plans for paying attention to the bills and driving for results with clear goals and accountability to prop results. Looking beyond first quarter's bottom line, there's significant evidence that our priorities are being achieved. But keep in mind it may take some time to fully realize the benefit of these initiatives in a slow growth, higher unemployment operating environment. But more importantly, during the first quarter, we continued to de-risk our balance sheet by appropriately charging off and providing for problem threats, proactively liquidating foreclosed assets, and reducing exposure to higher risk loan portfolio segments. As a result, loan loss provision and OREO costs, including a $70 million net addition to our loan loss reserve totaled $812 million, impacting earnings on a per share basis of $0.42. We continue to see a credit related costs elevated, but stabilizing and moderate. Assuming modest economic growth, we estimate that these costs may have peaked. In addition, we continue to forecast the absolute levels of non-performing assets will peak at mid-year. As anticipated and forecasted, gross in-flows and non-performing loans were down for the third consecutive quarter, an important factor in the continued trend of slowing net non-performing asset formation. Of particular note is that internally risk-graded problem assets, a leading indicator of future non-performing assets, are showing much improvement. In fact, they have declined for the first time this quarter since 2006, an important milestone. As Bill Wells will discuss in a few moments, non-performing asset levels are benefiting from our consistent charge-off policy as well as an active problem asset disposition program. First quarter problem asset dispositions were $689 million, including non-performing assets, exceeding fourth quarter $643 million in discounts have continued to improved as it clearly appears that investor demand for problem assets is improving, another encouraging sign for our future non-performing asset formation. Additionally, we are disciplined in managing balance sheet risk with our pro-active approach to reducing high-risk portfolios. In the first quarter, we reduced investor real estate loans by $1.3 billion or 6% through sales charge offs and pay downs. Our ultimate target is to lower this portfolio to 15% of total loan portfolio. We fully acknowledge that our exposure to this lending segment has been elevated, but we were encouraged by the progress we achieved at aggressively reducing this exposure by $3.1 billion over the last five quarters. We fully expect our efforts to demonstrate strong improvement in the upcoming quarters. Of course, reducing investor real estate, combined with the general act of loan demand, has pressured overall loan balances, which is frankly one of our company's and our industry's most significant term  near term challenge. While we are disappointed in this quarter's contraction in our loans, let me assure you that we have an all out effort to grow balance where it's prudent to do so. As a foundation and goal, we've made right progress in growing our customer base. In fact, we've increased market share in both small business and commercial lending. Further, recent consumer application volume has risen substantially. There's little doubt that once we get help from the economy, we are opposed  poised to grow our loans outstanding to customer. This focus on growing and retaining customer relationships is critical to our long term success. The first quarter deposit metrics validate we remain on the right path. In fact, during the quarter, we opened 248,000 new business checking accounts. This puts us on track to exceed 2009's record-breaking phase. Customer retention continues to form well above industry norm. (inaudible) sales have improved up to 4% during the last year. And recent customer service surveys give us a high mark relative to our competitors, with customer loyalty metrics now surpassing the 90th percentile of competitors. Excellent service continuous to drive strong costumer private roads, which results in an average 2% for the first quarter. But more importantly, average low cost deposit increased over 6% in the first quarter, driving an ongoing positive shift in our funding mix, away from higher priced consumer CDs, and giving us confidence in future improvements in the net interest margin. As expected, the core revenue was down slightly towards the first quarter, primarily due to seasonal factors, but also continued to reflect the slowing  slowly improving economy with weak loan demand and reduced customer transaction activity. But our net interest margin, as expected and as forecasted, grows five basis points late quarter. And we still remain confident in our ability to execute and to achieve a 3% percent margin by year 2010. We have substantial improved in our deposit mix and that combined with better loan pricing has benefited our margin and will have strong re-impact in future orders. Throughout the first quarter, about eight-day analysis for higher rate CDs matured. With the bulk of these in these forms migrating in the lower cost instrument such as money market, RCDs, with an average ongoing rate of approximately 180 basis points, lower than the CDs you replacing. I will pointed out that the full impact of the shift will not be realized until next quarter as these instruments mature over the full duration of the first quarter. Another $10 billion of higher cost CDs are scheduled to mature over the balance of this year. We continue to have clear focus on executing our plans to achieve a better interest margin for the future. David Turner will provide more details on revenues and loan finances a few moments. But I will note that line utilization levels appear to have stabilized both for commercial and small business customers, which is a first day afterwards ultimate growth and outstandings. And with the initiatives we have underway, I feel confident of our ability to take advantage, not only of the increased lending opportunities, but opportunities to leverage customer relationships to incremental sales across our franchise and our business units including brokerage, mortgage, cash management, insurance, and other lines of businesses. I'm particularly encouraged our progress in control of operating expenses which on a quarter basis declined about 3% late quarter. As expected, the seasonal jump in payroll and benefits cost was more than offset by lower professional fees and reduced OREO expense. Credit and environmental expenses, such as professional fees can be volatile quarter-to-quarter, but we're nonetheless encouraged by first quarter reduced level. Additionally as we had earlier indicated, we successfully completed the consolidation of the 120 branches in late first quarter. We should provide on a net basis $21 millions in cost savings, starting and fully anticipated in the second quarter. We continue to aggressively control day-to-day operating expenses and seek opportunities to further improve our efficiency. As an example, we have reduced headcount to 2,400 positions since this time last year, benefits of our cost control efforts should become increasingly evident over time the recession-related calls return to more normal levels. Before I close, I just wanted to briefly touch with Morgan Keegan, which has been receiving a tremendous amount of media attention as of late. We have the right business plan in the place of Morgan Keegan. And I'm very pleased with our performance. Despite pressure on fix income revenues this quarter, they come in warranty and rose $7 million or 39% as compared to prior quarter. This result is largely driven by solid private clients, solid equity capital markets, and consistent trust revenues as well as overall reduced operating costs. Net new brokerage account openings increased 5% on a late quarter basis, reflecting of outstanding inter-company referrals, which are in the highest level in our history. Total investment assets under administration now stand $149 billion, having grown 19.7% year-over-year, and 2.4% late quarter. That said, we are fully aware of the right to foreign legal challenges related to certain Regions Morgan Keegan select funds, which is a business we exited in 2008. Recently, as previously announced, the SEC and other regulatory state authorities have brought administrative proceedings against Morgan Keegan related to these fines. These actions at this point were of no surprise to us. We have been cooperating with the investigations for over two years now. We will continue to work to file these charges and any knowledge as raised by these irregularities as expeditiously and as prudently as possible. Our commitment is to work cooperatively with our customers, with our regulators, and with our states to achieve a prompt and fair resolution. Most importantly, we're not letting this become a distraction or get in the way of our primary goal, which is building and retaining long term customer relationships. In summary, the challenges aren't behind us, but I'm more convinced than ever that we got the right team and the right strategy to successfully execute Regions return to profitability and build a stronger franchise for the future. As we emerge from the economic recession now operating in a much different business model, regions are working hard to be part of the solution and rebuilding customers' trust and confidence in the financial services industry and in Regions' financial. As I said earlier, we understand that the growth of the business can be critical to stay focused on the customer, and as such, we've made this our top priority. I'll now hand the call over to David Turner, our recent promoted Chief Financial Officer, to provide additional details about first quarter results. But before I do, I will make a quick introduction for those of you who aren't familiar with David and his background. David has been with us since 2005. Before coming to us, he was an audit partner with KPMG, working primarily on financial institutions. We are very fortunate to have someone on board with such extensive industry experience combined with in-depth knowledge of regions to this important position in our company. David?
David Tuner: Thank you, Grayson, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin with the summary of results for the quarter on slide one. Although our first quarter results reflect the loss per the diluted share of $0.21, our core business showed further strengthening. We continued to improve the risk profile of our balance sheet. And importantly, our credit metrics are at or are closing in on thick levels. Net interest income, after adjusting for mortgage servicing rights hedge activity, was stable late quarter and was higher by $22 million or 2.8%, compared to the same period in the prior year. We continued to achieve strong deposit growth, with average low cost deposits of $4.2 billion or 6.5%, helping drop total deposit costs down 15 basis points to 1%. The net interest margin increased to 2.77% as a result of the increase in net interest income as well as 2% decline in average earning assets. Our targeted reduction in higher risk credits, such as investor real estate along with soft loan demand, caused a reduction in earning assets. First quarter non-interest income included a $59 million gain on sales plus CMO securities, compared to a $96 million loss in the fourth quarter. Additionally, non-interest income includes a $19 million gain related to leverage lease terminations, compared to a $71 million gain in the fourth quarter. Average lease gains  leveraged lease gains were essentially offset by income taxes in the respective quarters. After securities transaction and leverage lease gains non-interest income declined approximately 1% late quarter, largely due to a $21 million decline in brokerage revenue and a 4% decline in service charges reflecting lower transaction activity as is typical during the first quarter of the year. Non-interest expenses declined 3% late quarter, after excluding a $53 million loss on early extinguishment of debt as well as branch consolidation cost of$8 million in the first quarter and $12 million in the fourth quarter. Lower professional and legal fees drove the improvement by the economy approximately $42 million. From a credit perspective, we reported $770million loan loss provision, which exceeded a net charge offs by $70 million dollar. As a result, our allowance for loan losses increased 18 basis point late quarters to 3.61% of loans at March 31st. Net charge offs were essentially flat rising only to $8 million. The net charge off ratio grows to annualized 3.16% of average loans, compared to fourth quarter's 2.99 % primarily resulting from a decrease in average loans. Our charge offs continued to reflect our aggressive efforts to de-risk our balance sheet and dispose of problem assets. Our modest provision over charges the slowing of the increase in performing loans. Now on performing assets, excluding loans held for sale, increased $221 million dollars or 5% late quarter. This marks the third consecutive quarterly decline in the level of in-flows to non-performing status. Our loan loss allowance coverage of the non-performing loans stood at 0.86 times at quarter-end compared to the year-end level of 0.89 times. Lastly, our capital position remains strong, with a Tier 1 capital at an estimated 11.7% and a Tier 1 common at an estimated 7.1%. Let's take a deeper look into the quarterly results. In terms of first quarter balance sheet changes, slide two shows that loans declined $2.5 billion. As you can see, the main driver of this decrease was the investor real estate category, which as previously mentioned, is by design the result of our focused portfolio reduction efforts. The $1.1 billion late quarter decline in average outstandings reflects the fact that we haven't originated many new loans of this type for some time, coupled with continued pay downs and charge offs. Looking closer at commercial lending, slide three illustrates that commitment levels remained solid. And for the first time in several quarters, utilization rates have begun to level off, although at a substantially lower level than in a normal environment. Despite the challenging environment, we continue to search for and extend loans to credit worthy customers. In fact, there in the first quarter, we originated an $11.6 billion of new and renewed loan commitments, including $2.2 billion to consumers, $1.5 billion to small businesses, and $7.9 billion to other commercial customers. There is no doubt that our customer base is strong and getting stronger. We are positioned to as grow balances as the economy improves and customers begin to refill the inventories, make new capital investments, and begin expanding their business. On the liability side, we're especially pleased with the ongoing rapid growth in low cost deposits as shown on slide four, which is having a significant positive effect on our funding mix and cost. This growth allowed us to reduce higher cost certificates of deposit by $2.3 billion on average in the first quarter. Of note, liquidity is very strong with a ratio of loans to deposit of 90% at March 31st, down significantly from 102% one year ago. Moving to slide five, there is no doubt that the environment has played a role in driving deposit balances as both businesses and consumers are holding on to more cash these days. But beyond that, we have grown our (inaudible) base with innovative products and retained existing customers with service and satisfaction levels that are higher today than at any point in our history. To reiterate Grayson's earlier comment, we opened over 1 million new checking accounts for consumers and small businesses in 2009, and then validated that after with an additional 248,000 new accounts in the first quarter of this year. These accounts are yielding substantial amounts of low cost funding. We are continuing to take advantage of disruptions in the marketplace to win new customers and expand the relationships with existing customers. As noted on slide six, quarter pre-tax pre-provision net revenue, PTNR, was up this quarter, and the (inaudible) outlook is improving. The last few quarters' negative PTNR trend has been driven mainly by net income pressure largely a result of our assets and stiff interest rate position and rising non-interest expenses, primarily a result of increasing recession-related expenses. First quarter results indicate that these items impacting PTNR will improve going forward. First quarter recession-related expenses, while still elevated, declined to 15% of core non-interest expense from fourth quarter 2009 18%. It is unlikely that it will return to 2007's pre-recession level of 6% anytime soon since costs such as elevated FDIC expenses are not likely to abate. However, we believe that they will continue to decline this year as non-performing assets decline and the economy continues to recover. Moreover, net interest expense  net interest income, the largest driver of PTNR, is also on track to substantially improve. Let's look at the details of that front. As noted on slide seven, fully tax full equivalent net interest income of $839 million was essentially flat late quarter after adjusting for the impact of MSR hedge activity. As I previously noticed, this was achieved despite a lower earning asset base and is a result of our continuing efforts to change the mix and cost of our deposit base. Our resulting net interest margin expanded five basis points to 2.77%. Solid look at  low cost deposit growth and resulting improved deposit mix are positively impacting our net interest income and margin, and should continue to do so throughout 2010, particularly in the second half. As Grayson mentioned, we re-priced over $8 billion of CDs, having an average rate of 3.26% in the first quarter, whereas the average going on rates new CDs was approximately 1.42%. We have approximately $10 billion of CDs maturing over the remainder of this year, which will be subjected to market rates as they mature. From a loan yield standpoint, we have been successful on our efforts to raise our going-on loan rates. Although these efforts have yet to be fully realized, our loan yields increased three basis points from 4.27% in the fourth quarter to 4.30% in the first quarter of this year. We expect that further deposit mix, costs, and loan spread improvements will lift our net interest margin to 3% by year-end. This forecast does not assume any meaningful help from rising interest rates. In fact, as can be seen on slide eight, our current forecast doesn't call for rates to rise meaningfully until early next year. As a result, we put short term hedges in place that has temporarily reduced our asset sensitivity. However, as you can see in the slide, the substantial benefit of higher rates to net interest income in 2011 and beyond is not effective. On slide nine, reported non-interest income was 13% higher than in the fourth quarter. However, excluding leverage lease termination gains and securities transactions, non-interest income declined 1%. The main driver was a $21 million decline in brokerage revenues owing largely to the pressure six-income revenues mentioned earlier. Non-interest income was also impacted by a 4% decrease in service charges, reflecting a seasonal drop off in transaction activity. Note that announced NSFOD policy changes related to the dollar limit and daily occurrence caps began to take effect on April 1st. In addition, policy changes associated with regulation E expected to take place in the third quarter will also impact service charge revenues. These changes, along with other customer fees or reduced service charge revenue by approximately $70 million annually based on preliminary estimates. Mortgage income was essentially unchanged late quarter, excluding the effects of MSR hedging activity. Origination volume of $1.4 billion was still historically strong, but was down versus the prior quarters $2.0 billion with 45% representing new purchases in the first quarter, compared to 17% a year ago. As I mentioned, we sold securities during the quarter, recording a $59 million gain in sales of $1.4 billion of shorter duration, collateralized mortgage obligations. Proceeds were reinvested into newer issue CMOs with a slightly longer duration. Turning to non-interest expenses, slide 10 reflects a core non-interest expenses dropped approximately 3% late quarter due largely to lower legal and professional fees. Although overall levels continue to be inflated by recession-cost, we fully expect a substantial amount of these costs to subside as the economy recovers. In the meantime, we continue to closely monitor and control discretionary spending, specifically, legal and professional fees decline $42 million late quarter driven by lower Morgan Keegan, and credit related costs. Additionally, other real estate expense declined $22 million late quarter. Other items of note include salaries and benefit expense, which increased only 2% for the first quarter as we remained focused on fine tuning staffing models and improving personnel efficiency. As Grayson touched on, we have reduced headcount by 2,400 or 8% in the last year alone. In addition, we have reduced discretionary expenditures, such as marketing and travel, by approximately $29 million or 46% relative to the fourth quarter of 2008. We also prepaid about $1.5 billion of FATLP advances, realizing a $53 million loss reflected in other non-interest expense. With the expectation of this will be slightly accredited to the margin in 2010. Slide 11 shows that capital ratios remained strong at quarter end. With the Tier 1 capital ratio that now stands at an estimated 11.7% and a Tier 1 common ratio estimated at a very solid 7.1%. Touching on capital planning, we have strengthened our capital planning process, which includes various scenario analyses, including stress testing under adverse conditions. This robust process includes the development of macroeconomic forecast, significantly improved credit modeling, and financial and capital or forecasting using various scenarios. These scenarios consider all types of risk that could affect the company over a given period of time. We believe this improved process has allowed us to better determine our capital requirement in a timely manner. Wrapping up, we're clearly not satisfied with first quarter's bottom line results, but we are making substantial progress in our efforts to return Regions to profitability. And we are firmly committed to successfully executing our strategy. Now I'll turn it over to Bill for a run through of credit.
Bill Wells: Thanks, David. Starting with slide 12, let's begin on revealing non-performing asset migrations. We expect non-performing assets to peak in the second quarter and decline thereafter. In fact, internally risk rated problem loans have declined late quarter, which is the first time that has happened since the end of 2006. This decline comes after considerable effort over the past year to improve the discipline and consistency of our risk rating across the franchise. This foundational component is how we manage our portfolio strategy as well as the loan loss reserve. Based on sharp and continued recent declines of internally risk rated problem asset migration, which is the source of future non-performing loan formation, we feel confident that absolute levels of non-performing assets will peak in the second quarter. The land, condos, single-family grouping, which we have traditionally called homebuilder and condo, is still a driver of in-flows, but continues to decline. The performance of income-producing property loans has remained relativity stable as compared to last quarter. Results of our pro-active disposition program, detailed on slide 13, helped drive down the NPA migration. During the first quarter we recorded problem asset dispositions totaling $689 million, which included $87 million of non-performing loans moved to held for sale. Continuing the trend, discount on problem loan sales and loans that were mark-to-market improved this quarter to 23% on average as compared to 29% last quarter. This reflects a combination of an improved market for loan sales as well as that focused on strategic bars, rather than bulk sales. As illustrated in the chart, over the last six quarters, we have disposed of $3.4 billion of problem assets. Now, turning to charge offs. Our risk management strategy has been to confront issues early and accelerate the disposition of problem assets, primarily those secured by investor real estate and take losses as soon as possible. Partially, as a result of this strategy, charge offs have remained relativity stable as seen on slide 14 to the last three quarters and should begin to moderate as of second half of 2010. Within total charge offs, business service losses were driven by lower valuation charges of $198 million in the first quarter versus $215 million in the fourth. Despite continued unemployment, consumer losses remained relativity stable, increasing just $5 million late quarter. Finally, the cost of non-performing loans sales in March dropped $5 million from the last quarter. We sold more for less. Let me put net charge offs in terms of progress against the stress test, which is you might remember I said $9.2 million in combined losses for 2009 and 2010. Through bank quarters of the eight quarter stress test term, our losses represent 51% of the $5.75 billion projected in the supervisory capital assessment program. Said in different way, we're about two-thirds for the stress test period and only experienced a third of the losses. We continue to believe the guidance we gave quite a while ago in our investor day in July of 2009 still holds that we will be somewhat here at the midpoint of our $3.4 billion to $5.9 billion two-year loss range. The primary reason for the difference is that investor commercial real estate, while very stressed has not deposit as rapidly or with the long severity originally projected in the stress test. On slide 15 as an update on our troubles at restructurings, these balances declined $302 million from the fourth quarter. As you may know, if TDRs performed as a new term for a six-month period crossover at year-end and yield the market right, they can be removed from the TDR classification. This was the driver of our late quarter decline. An important point to note is that 92% of rated TDRs are consumer real estate loan. In addition, 96% of all consumer TDRs are accruing interest. Nearly all of our consumer TDRs are a function of our pro-active customer assistance program, which has been beneficial to Regions and our customers alike. Of note, Regions' (inaudible) right is very low. And our foreclosure rate is less than half the national average. Slide 16 points toward further improvement for 2010. A de-risking of the portfolio has occurred and evidenced by the reduction of our land, homebuilder, condominium, and overall real  investor real estate portfolios. Additionally, the construction loan portfolio has been reduced from $9 billion at the beginning of 2009 to currently at $4.7 billion. All of this de-risking has resulted in the decline of problem loans based on our internal risk rating. Given what we know today, we reaffirm our investor day, July 2009 guidance, and expect NPAs and charge offs to peak by the end of the second quarter and decline thereafter. Based on all of the above, we expect no further reserve bill on the second half of the year. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Grayson for closing comments.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, Bill. And to wrap up, let me say here clearly that we're not satisfied with first quarter bottom line. While we are encouraged and we do believe the company is headed in the right direction, and the right steps are being taken to restore profitability. I have high expectation for Regions. And I'm committed to delivering for our customers, employees, and shareholders. We have a strong franchise, with a good online businesses, set of fundamentals as evidenced by this quarter's results. To reiterate, we continue to see record account deposit growth. Our net interest margin is expanding. Operating costs are declining, all leading to higher pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue. My focus, along with the entire management team, remains on realizing Regions' long-term earnings potential. I thank you for your time. And with that, operator, we'll now open the floor for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Matthew O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys.
Grayson Hall: Hi, Matthew.
Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: A couple of current lay questions, the NPA sales of almost $400 million, I think, were the highest they've been this downturn. I just wanted to give a little more color in terms of any additional marks you need to take on those to dispose of them and what the outlook is for additional sales?
Bill Wells: First, we had a record sale of disposing of problem assets  it was about $600 million, compared to about $500 million last quarter. One of the things that we have seen is that there's more liquidity coming back to the market. In fact, because of  we have a very centralized, disciplined process  buyers are actually coming to us because they know that they can get a quick decision. As far as additional marks, we think that when we go through the selling process, we identify what those marks would be. It's very positive this quarter where we've moved from last quarter with 29% discount to 23% discount. And so you start to see the marks getting better. Sales continue to be strong. We had a good pipeline. Going over quarter-end, we continue to sell. And we think that it's going to be another good quarter for us.
Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, I guess this is a little bit of a follow-on to that. Considering additional sales and the fact that you expect the charge-offs and NPAs to peak and kick in, just any thoughts on how quickly charge-offs and NPAs come down the back half of the year? I know there's a lot of moving pieces here, but what's your best guess on the pace of decline?
Bill Wells: What we've gone from last year talking about the rise and the problems, we're talking about pace and depth of decline, which to me is pretty positive. And for us at risk, we want to pause there and understand that we're talking about that. I'll tell you  what we've seen is it's going to be a continuous part of our ability to dispose of problem assets. But also, where we think we'll have a tremendous opportunity is ability to restructure credit (inaudible) too. So with a combination of sales and restructuring and what we've seen coming through our pipeline, we think that we're going to continue to see positive results before we see where our problem assets are.
Grayson Hall: Yes, Matthew. We're spending a lot of time talking about the trajectory of that improvement. I mean, clearly we're starting to see the metrics turn and that improvement is forthcoming. I think your question is an excellent question  is what is the pace of that improvement? I think a lot of that is going to depend on the amount of economic clarity we get in the economy over the next few months.
Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse: Thanks, and good morning, everyone.
Grayson Hall: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse: First question on the overall, kind of positive PTNR trends we saw this quarter. When you factor in some of the items which really aren't usual but benefited PTNR, like the MSR hedge gain, and declining legal fees, and lower OREO expenses, do you continue to expect that PTNR can improve from here? Because there are also some headwinds coming up like NSFTs in the third quarter and potentially lower earning assets. So maybe you could help us think about how, really, your underlying earnings power can trend here.
Grayson Hall: I think the question that you're asking is one that I think is a good question because when you look at our earning asset growth, we've made a very strategic decision to reduce our investor commercial real estate portfolio, which is used as it stands today at a lower $20 billion at quarter-end. The pace at which we've been able to reduce that portfolio has exceeded our internal expectations. We're very encouraged by how we've been able to execute on that strategy. It is declining a little faster than we had anticipated. All of that is good news. The second part is that it was our full intention to grow other lending product types at a pace that would offset that contraction in investor commercial real estate. I do think that what you see when you look at our lending activities that we have been able to keep commitments to our costumers very high. They've been very stable. Our commitments continue to expand and will continue to add costumers to each and every week. Unfortunately, utilization rates have continued to fall through all of last year. The good news is they have stabilized or appear to have stabilized at this juncture. And we got an opportunity to grow on earning assets going forward. I do think, when you look at non-interest expense, the non-interest expense growth has been  has been largely due to credit-related, recession-related expenses. Our core expenses in terms of expenses that are being spent in our business units with our producers on the frontline, we've continued to manage those expenses down and feel very good about the lower operating efficiency that we'll be able to demonstrate once this credit starts to moderates. But this quarter, we saw some moderation in those expenses. The more of these problem assets we can move off the books, the less carrying costs we have with them. And so, we think once this trend line starts to improve, you are going to see our expenses really start to demonstrate what we've done to the company.
David Turner: Craig, this is David. I'll add a couple of things to that. We continue to look at our deposit mix and costs. As I mentioned, we have $10 billion dollars worth of CDs that will be maturing this year. For the remainder of the year, were those are going to be subject to market rates at that time. You can see the industry tidying up and producing funding costs given the lack of loan demand. On the loan side, we've had some very good early indicators of some potential growth on our consumer side as we mentioned from a  from loan growth there. So those two things and a continued focus on expense management will be the case to us continuing with our improvement in DPNR.
Craig Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse: And David, just a follow-up to your comments though. We see a very good improvement in your deposit cost. But in terms of the loan yields, as you re-price some of those loans of the last year, especially the Beverly [ph] ones, why haven't the higher spreads  especially over the last two quarters and interest rates have been more flat, why haven't they helped lifted your loan yields in some cases, because we've seen actually some of your competitors have higher loan yields?
David Turner: If you look at the loan yield, a lot of our competitors  if you were to compare our loan portfolio in theirs, a lot of competitors went into this cycle with more fix rate loans than we did. We had a higher percentage of variable rate lending. We did show this quarter, I think, three basis points improvement in our loan yields. Yes, we're re-pricing the consumer books in about a fifth a year, and the commercial books at about a third a year. It's a slower process. We had relatively few flowers on our accounts and we do have a number of stress credits that limit our ability to up-price that particular credit at renewal time. But we are seeing progress, and we do believe that while the improvement in yield on loans will be slower and the improvement in the reduction of cost of deposits that you will continue to see steady, but incremental progress there, but a number of headwinds on loan yields.
Craig Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs: Good morning.
Grayson Hall: Hi, Brian.
Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs: How are you? I guess from a credit perspective historically, charge offs for both you and the industry are seasonal and come down on the first quarter relative to the fourth. So I know this cycle is overwhelmed with normal seasonality. And you guys went through all the chart  aggressive charge downs you are taking at loans to get them to net realize whole value. But how should we think about charge offs being flat on a seasonally-adjusted basis. Is there any supply in the construction book for anything like that normally will get better seasonally that didn't?
Grayson Hall: Yes, I'll speak first. I'll let Bill follow-up. But I think a lot of the surprises behind us. When we look at seasonality, typically, you see that in the first quarter. I do believe that we were at our disposition program, and where we're working on trying to reduce and de-risk our portfolio, you will see that seasonality muted somewhat our numbers. And from a seasonal judgment standpoint, I think that we're tracking  you were tracking to our internal forecast in a way that encourages us through the remainder of the year. And Bill, if you want to add?
Bill Wells:
 : When it comes to the consumer, you always have a little bit of the seasonality in the first quarter, so what I would say is our projections are pretty much as we outlined back in July of last year. It's holding very, very true. And each month, each quarter we get more and more confident about where we are in that projection. And so, as Grayson mentioned, it is tracking just as we thought it would be. We factored seasonality, if there were some, in those numbers.
Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs: And then there's a follow-up on the net interest margin discussion. I mean, historically, in the decade prior to the crisis, you averaged at 3.75% NIM. Most points in the cycle, you tend to be an average or maybe even a little bit above average net interest margin bank. So if you think about this recent disconnect between you and the industry, is there anything structurally that's changing or would you, on a normalized basis, expect to be back in that high threes range?
David Turner: Brian, this is David. If you had to be seeing what the new normal's going to be, given all the changes, we certainly can be higher than the 3% that we're projecting at the end of the year. And I think, from what we see right now, we think we can be in that 3.35% to 3.50% range. But that's our best estimate based on what we know today and as we get more clarity in what the industry looks like after coming out of this past year  two years of issues we've faced, we'll have more clarity on what we think we might be able to achieve.
Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks for taking my question. I don't know if it's for Grayson or for Bill. But going through the slides, the gross NPA inflows this quarter on a gross basis were $1.31 billion. Last quarter they were $1.4 billion, so not a whole lot of improvement there. And in fact, the rate of deceleration of the gross inflows is actually much slower than what we've seen with some other banks have experienced, some of the type of credit problems that Regions has. What would you attribute the difference is? Why is your rate of gross NPAs not falling  not decelerating more so?
Bill Wells: Yes, I'll speak to that. What you have to do is also go back as you mentioned that, we peaked and grossed non-performing asset migration at $1.8 billion in the second quarter of 2009. And you've seen it come down quarter after quarter. A couple of things, again as David has mentioned, it's moving in the right direction. I think you have to always say, look at when you combine two large banks located in the south, you had a large real estate exposure. So with that, it's taken us time to work through. That's why we've been very aggressive in our disposition program. But what I'd also say, truth is when you look at our  we look at our internal pipeline, non-performing assets migration, we start to see that come down even more. The other thing I would say is, when you keep these two things in mind when you look at it, look at our payments that we've had on non-accrual loans that went up quarter-over-quarter based from about $88 million to about $128 million. So you're still handling a good (inaudible) of payments coming in, so I think you're still wrestling around with a little bit of this performing, non-performing issue, which we think we'll continue to resolve. And then the upside, which we continue to say for our company, is the ability to restructure credit. You'll start to see that formation, I believe, come down at a more rapid rate.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. One follow-up question if I could. On slide 15, you look at the TDRs, it looks like there's a pretty substantial reduction in the residential first mortgage TDRs between fourth quarter and the first quarter. What attributes the actual dollar reduction quarter-to-quarter in the TDRs? Are stuff going back into accrual status? Have you sold those TDRs? How do you account for that fall?
Barb Godin:
 :
Grayson Hall: And also, those accounts have not been sold. Theyve been moved back into an accruing status because they have been current for six months. They did cross at fiscal year-end.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: All right. Thank you very much for the clarification.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from line of Ken Usdin with Bank of America.
Ken Usdin  Bank of America: All right, thanks. Just one quick clarification on NIM, can you tell as the amount of NPA drag that there is right now in the margin?
Bill Wells: We have not  I could calculate that real quick. I don't have that particular number. We'll work on that and get that back to you, Ken.
Ken Usdin  Bank of America: Okay. Im just probably wondering how much of that might be the improvement that you expect in the margin over time versus the improvement in rates.
Grayson Hall: Ill have David validate this, just to make sure you have absolutely the right answer out there. But its approximately four basis points this quarter, a quarter. And as they did, it is absolutely has accredited to our margin improvement. When credit improves, then obviously thats going to be a favorable movement on the part of our loan yields and our margin.
Ken Usdin  Bank of America: Okay. Great. And then the second question is just can you just give us an update with all things surroundings capital and TARP, and your just thought process. I know obviously theres a lot to be settled as far as where rate  where we have to sit on ratios and such. But can you just give us an update on your thought process there, please. Thanks.
Grayson Hall: And I will reiterate our position on park repayment really has not changed at all. We continue to say this, not a former capital. And wed like to rebate. That being said, we want to do it in a patient and prudent manner, and repay in a shareholder friendly manner as possible. We can continue to work cooperatively with our regulators and continue to look at our internal loss projections. And we want to repay when it makes sense and when both we and our regulators have confidence in that plan. And so we havent changed that, that has been our story for the past couple of quarters. Ill let David state more specifically to our capital ratios and our thought process there.
David Turner: Yes, we feel good about our capital ratios. We think they're very strong. Yes, where the capital ratios need to ultimately end up from a TARP repayment continues to be a little bit of uncertainty there. But I think that based on our projections, as Grayson mentioned, we have scenarios that were planning for eventual property payment when it becomes prudent to do so and in concert with our regulators.
Grayson Hall: And every quarter that goes by that clarity improves.
Ken Usdin  Bank of America: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Good morning.
Grayson Hall: Good morning.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning. Question on the new normal we talked about a little bit on the NIM, potentially $335 million, $350 million. Could you talk about what you would think your new normal would be for especially your ROA or ROE type of numbers?
David Turner: Yes, this is David. Those two are subject to what that new normal looks like. In round terms, we would expect to have an ROA at least in the $120 million range or better, with the return in the 15% to 16% range. At least that's what we're targeting right now. This is dependent on how the industry continues to turn just like I mentioned in the margin discussion.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: And does the ROA, I suppose, the current level of the capital ratio?
David Turner: We take the ultimate return. It should be on the capital base employed at that time.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: All right. Okay. And then you were indicating earlier that you feel like you have the ability to grow the balance sheet at this stage, so would you  decided that you would bring down a common Tier 1 ratio at this stage.
David Turner: Well, I think in terms of our growth, what we talked about from the balance sheet is, obviously, we're de-risking from a loan portfolio and getting our investors real estate loans down to 15 % range of our total loan book, offsetting that with the growth in other loan areas like consumer that we mentioned.
Betsy Graseck- Morgan Stanley: Okay, got it. So more of a mix shift than a total growth.
Grayson Hall: Yes, absolutely. We're seeing strong loan growth in places like asset base lending, in consumer auto. We are trying to expand our growth in the vulnerable like health care, transportation, technology. But were going to have to work very diligently to grow other categories of loan that passionate phase to offset the reduction of investment commercial real estate.
Betsy Graseck  Stanley Morgan: Got it. I appreciate it, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Kevin St. Pierre with Bernstein.
Kevin St. Pierre  Bernstein: Good afternoon, just to follow-up on the capital issues. Could you tell me in your conversations around eventual TARP repayment, what kind of consideration that the current levels of reserves and potential reserve release as well the disallowed DTA are coming in as potential sources of capital?
David Turner: Ill take the DTA. The DTA, we have a little more than $900 million disallowed for capital. And in round terms, thats about 90 basis points of Tier 1 common. There are very specific regulatory rules that exist today as to when that could come back in to the capital calculation. And when we can start showing that return to profitability, it will start coming back to us. It will not come back in all at once. But as profitability returns, we'll get the  start getting that 90 basis points back. Linking our reserve release directly to TARP repayment, we havent had those kinds of direct discussions. I think really excludes  mutually exclusive, I mean our reserve that we established for our allowance is subject to a very great risk and recurring methodology that we have employ. And whatever our credit metrics indicate in that reserve, indicate then thats our reserve is. And whether we can under provide for charge-offs, which is where I think where youre going, is going to be dependent on what those credit metrics look like.
Grayson Hall: This is Grayson. Absolutely, a few moments goes. Someone asked the question about the pace of improvement in our credit metrics. And that's going to drive that question. We've got a very disciplined, very robust process around loss projections and our allowance methodology to support those loss projections. We dont say this when around that. As the credit metrics improve, clarity around when you stop matching charge-offs on quarterly basis will be self-evident. And we are working closely as a team to make sure we do that the right way. Obviously, that's going to be driven entirely by the pace of improvement and in the credit metrics.
Kevin St. Pierre  Bernstein: Do you sense  is there an underlying concession on the part of the regulators that charge-offs will eventually decline and the company will eventually return to profitability so that what is perhaps latent capital in the reserves, in the disallowed DTA, will eventually re-flow back?
Grayson Hall: Absolutely, we build up a fairly substantial allowance today at 3.61% of total loans. We continue to reserve over and above charge-offs this quarter slightly. We think that we have a very substantial and appropriate reserve today. In our last bill, if you'll sort of speak as to how thats viewed.
David Turner: Yes, what I  I think we've talked about that. It's great when you look at a reserve of $3.2 billion that had 3.61%. If you go back and look historically, in fact, there were other credits strong  in fact, that's a very strong reserve. The other thing you have to really keep in mind is what they David and Grayson both just said, our best experience have been you find and that very sound and methodical methodology, there are good times and tough times. And that serves you well. And youll always get into a reflection point that in a cycle, are we getting close? We'll see if the credit metrics will do. We'll point it out. But there're a couple of things that we look at. One is the continued de-risking with investor real estate portfolio, especially the construction book as I mentioned earlier. What you're seeing under construction book moved from about $9 billion at the first of 2009 to a little under $5 million. That's starting to rake risk of one part out of the portfolio. Our valuation charges continue to moderate, which is another positive trend. And as we really talk about our potential problems that we see coming to the pipeline, it's really the driver of what we see our reserve methodology should be. If and always, the discussion that you have internally, we're very focused on it. But we bill a lot. We have a very solid reserve and continue to feel that way.
Kevin St. Pierre  Bernstein: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Scott Valentin with FBR Capital Markets.
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Are you trying to die down if possible on the client internal risk rating? I'm just trying to get some more color on the movement from category-to-category. Is it better improvement on the fun end? Are you seeing less migration in the deeper stages of proud methods? And then, also maybe what the categories are seeing improvement. Is the construction improving or commercial real estate?
Grayson Hall: Now what we did is  this is the first time we talked about our internal risk rating. And what we wanted to do was really signal why we believe that, not like what we saw in the fourth quarter, but in the first quarter. But what we're seeing in the future quarters about  we say the metrics' changing for us. We always have this view that one quarter is not a trend, but two quarters is a trend. We're starting to see that now. Internal risk rating for us, we look at it at migration to all our categories where this  pass potential problems or problem credit. As we look through that, we don't give anymore guidance on what those individual components are. But when we stepped back and looked, what I would say is as we look for potential problems that are coming down the pipe, we see positive movement. And it's been across the board. CNI has held up relatively well throughout this whole cycle. So principally, you saying the risk in our portfolio has been in the land, the condo, the homebuilder, and all other parts of the investment real estate portfolio. With that, we've seen positive movement. And we think that is because of how we have worked this program, these portfolios for the past 18 to 24 months.
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. If could have a follow-up question. What were the comments earlier about NPAs, reduce NPAs will require an increase in the amount of restructuring? I assumed that the commercial real estate and the income  the income investor-owned. What's the new experience (inaudible) stages? But do you guys have any sense of how the (inaudible) those restructurings have been?
David Turner: Well, I believe in  we have target and the supplemented goes to our restructuring. We had a little bit about $55 million that we restructured the past quarter. And I'll let Tom speak a little bit about restructuring and our success, and what we think our opportunities will be. Well we haven't done a whole lot thought in the last several quarters. What we're seeing is as we have de-stressed income-producing properties, you have a couple of avenues. You either sell that. You can work it out traditionally or you can restructure. So the opportunity, as we see, are with those income-producing properties, working with the class, making sure we have confidence in the property type and that the values won't decline or (inaudible) related to that, property won't decline, sort of.
Grayson Hall: Good. But tacitly, we did about $50 million in restructuring in the fourth quarter, did another $55 million this quarter as compared to $500 million in sales in the four  $600 million in sales in the first. And so, the restructuring is still a relatively small percentage of our resolution process. We did what we simply today as we do see it coming in larger part of our resolution process. But we'll feel  we'll still be substantially smaller in our sales activities.
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
List Underwood: Operator, this is List Underwood. We have (inaudible) for one more question please.
Operator: Certainly, and your final question comes from the line of Christopher Marinac with FIG Partners.
Christopher Marinac  FIG Partners: Thanks. Chris, and this is curious and I'm just on the quest for long term relationship. Would you consider doing any external transactions over the next year? Or would you prefer to focus on the internal organic growth that you outlined before.
Grayson Hall: So Chris, I think, obviously, we're trying to monitor the activities that are going on in the markets. The disruptions that have taken place there. From an internal sales standpoint, we think we've taken advantage of a lot of those disruptions to grow our business and to build stronger franchise for the future. We obviously look at those kinds of opportunities strategically. But quite frankly and candidly, our focus is while returning this institution to a position of profitability and sustainable profitability. And so, the normal metrics that we would look at, entertaining some type of transaction are obviously higher today than they would have been historically because we've got  we've got an action plan that we're executing and we're focused on. And that may not include those types of activities in the short term.
Christopher Marinac  FIG Partners: Very well. Thank you for the clarification. I appreciate it.
Grayson Hall: Thank you. Well I appreciate your time and attention today. And thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: List Underwood  IR Dowd Ritter  Chairman and CEO Grayson Hall  President and COO Irene Esteves  Senior EVP, Finance Group and CFO Bill Wells  Senior EVP, Risk Management Group and Chief Risk Officer Barb Godin  Head of Consumer Credit
Analysts: Matt O'Connor  Deutsche Bank Craig Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets Jason Goldberg  Barclays Capital Jennifer Demba  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Jefferson Harralson  KBW Ken Usdin  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus Marty Mosby  FTN Equity Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's quarterly earnings call. My name is Christine, I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants' phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I'll now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood before Mr. Ritter begins the conference call.
List Underwood: Thank you, operator. And good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation this morning. Our presenters today are our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Dowd Ritter; our President and Chief Operating Officer, Grayson Hall; our Chief Financial Officer, Irene Esteves and Bill Wells, our Chief Risk Officer. Also here and available to answer questions are Tom Neely, our Director of Risk Analytics and Barb Godin, our Head of Consumer Credit. Let me quickly touch on our presentation format. We have prepared a short slide presentation to accompany Irene and Bill's comments; it's available under the Investor Relations section of Regions.com. For those of you in the investment community that dialed in by phone, once you're on the Investor Relations section of our website just click on live photo player and the slides will automatically advance in sync with the audio of Irene and Bill's presentation. A copy of the slides will be available on our website shortly after the call. I would also request in the interests of time that anyone asking a question please limit it to one per caller. Our presentation this morning will discuss Regions's business outlook and includes forward-looking statements. These statements may include descriptions of management's plan, objectives or goals for future operations, products or services, forecasts of financial or other performance measures, statements about the expected quality, performance or collectability of loans and statements about Regions's general outlook for economic and business conditions. We also may make other forward-looking statements in the question-and-answer period following the discussion. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ is available from today's earnings press release, in today's Form 8-K, our 10-Qs for the quarters ended March 31, 2009, June 30, 2009 and September 30, 2009 and in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. As a reminder, forward-looking statements are effective only as of the date they are made and we assume no obligation to update information concerning our expectations. Let me also mention that our discussions may include the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these, the same measures on a GAAP basis, can be found in our earnings release and related supplemental financial schedules. Now, we'll turn it over to Dowd.
Dowd Ritter: Thank you, List. And good morning, everyone. We appreciate all of you joining Regions for our fourth quarter earnings conference call. In the fourth quarter, we took further aggressive actions to improve the risk profile of Region's balance sheet which resulted in a loss of $0.51 per fully diluted share. Throughout 2009 we have taken steps to proactively recognize and reserve for credit-related problems, improve our operating efficiency, bolster our net interest margin and strengthen customer service and relationships. As a result, Regions is entering 2010 with a stronger foundation and a more effective and competitive business model. I'm confident about Regions's future and the opportunities but acknowledge that we, along with our industry, still face some near-term credit and economic challenges. There is no better person, I believe than Grayson Hall to guide Regions through the new decade and ensure that Regions is fully prepared to realize its attractive profit potential once these current headwinds dissipate. As you know, I'll be retiring at the end of this first quarter, at which time Grayson will become the Chief Executive Officer of Regions. During his 30 years with Regions, Grayson has played an instrumental role in growing and reshaping this company. His excellent leadership skills, along with a strong senior management team and a very talented and hard working group of associates, make me confident that Regions will prosper for years to come. Let me now turn the call over to Grayson who'll spend a few minutes discussing Regions progress and outlook.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, Dowd. And good morning. We are obviously not pleased with either fourth quarter or full year 2009's earning loss but believe that actions we've taken to be prudent and in the best interests of Regions over the long term. Our immediate focus is to best position our organization for a prompt return to profitability and we're taking aggressive and appropriate actions to make this happen. As part of our effort to reduce balance sheet risk, we have charged off an appropriate reserve for problem credits. For example, we increased the allowance for credit losses by a net $1.3 billion in 2009 with approximately $500 million in the net increase to reserves occurring in the fourth quarter. To put this into perspective, loan loss provision and OREO cost totaled $1.2 billion or $0.65 a share in the fourth quarter alone and $3.7 billion or $2.33 per share full-year 2009. Credit related costs while remaining elevated should begin to decline in 2010 given our 2009 proactive stance towards credit loss recognition and prudent reserve bill. Non-performing asset growth and gross non-performing loan inflow have slowed for the past two quarters, albeit in elevated levels. And investor interest in problem asset purchases appears to be increasing. This improvement suggests non-performing assets have the potential to peak and start to decline towards the middle of this year. This economy and in particular its impact on employment and commercial real estate will largely determine the level and timing of the peak of non-performing assets. We are encouraged by some of the recent trends but remain cautious about the pace and substance of improvement. We clearly see improvement in our credit quality metrics but remain measured in our forecast regarding the pace of improvement. Later in today's discussion Irene and Bill will provide more details on credit quality. But in summary, let me say we're making steady progress in de-risking Regions balance sheet an in positioning the company for a prompt return to profitability. In 2009, we also reduced interest rate risk and reversed Regions multi-year net interest margin decline. Fourth quarter marked the second consecutive period of stabilized net interest margin and the actions we have been taking on loan and deposit pricing should produce an improving margin throughout 2010. While we don't anticipate an interest rate increase until later this year, rising short-term interest rates could meaningfully benefit Regions' margin positively affecting our future net interest income growth. We are not satisfied with net interest margin performance and continue to focus our efforts and attention on improvement opportunities. We are targeting a net interest margin at or about 3% by the end of this year. Improving deposit mix fueled by a strong low-cost deposit growth has been and continues to be, a significant contributor to our margin stabilization. Average low cost deposits grew over 3% late quarter and a rough, nearly $8 billion or 14% year-over-year. We are taking market share in virtually all of our major markets with increased share in 15 of 16 states where we operate. At the same time our deposit costs have steadily fallen dropping by 11 basis points linked quarter or 66 basis points since the fourth quarter of 2008. Our deposit gains reflect the success we've had in improving customer service, deepening customer loyalty and attracting new customers. For example, in the fourth quarter alone we added over 246,000 new consumer and business checking accounts, beating our full year goal of 1 million new accounts and today we have 4.3 million active checking accounts at Regions. From a lending perspective, we are actively making prudent loans to creditworthy customers. In 2009, we made 167 new and renewed loans to businesses and individuals totaling $65 billion. We are making $250 million in new and renewed loans every business day and we're actively seeking new relationships and strengthening existing ones as we take advantage of disruptions in this marketplace. Nevertheless, the economic backdrop remains challenging and generally speaking loan demand is reflective of the economy at large and still remains weak. We are experiencing record loan payoffs and historically weak line usage, more than offsetting our efforts at new originations. As a result net loan outstanding climbed quarter-over-quarter. However, the good news is the majority of our loan declines have been in the commercial real estate outstandings and has had a favorable impact on our overall risk profile. We are focused on growing earning assets and in particular small business lending where we're starting to see an improvement. Earning asset growth may prove to be more challenging in 2010 and gives us every reason to focus on loan growth where opportunities exist, primarily in small business and in commercial lending. Breaking business performance down from a line business perspective, consumer services had a solid year with customer satisfaction scores ending in the top fifth of large U.S. banks as measured by Gallup. Not only did we crest the 1 million new account thresholds, a 27% improvement year-over-year but we significantly improved our consumer checking household retention rate to above 90%. The focus on sales and customer service supported strong checking household and deposit growth. In fact, consumer households increased on a net basis by 6% this year to over 3 million consumer checking households. Deposits generated through our retail branches grew accordingly, increasing 5% during the past year including $4 billion or 10% in low-cost deposits. In addition, we have over $8 billion of primarily high-cost certificate of deposits maturing in the first quarter and giving us an opportunity to further improve our deposit mix. This shift to a greater proportion of low-cost deposits has helped drive a 69 basis-point improvement in retail deposit costs and our average deposits per branch has improved to $52.1 million. To maintain this momentum we continue to invest in our technology infrastructure. We have one of the largest technology projects in the company's history that will provide the latest generation of technology in our branches and positions us to take advantage of the competitive opportunities in the marketplace and provide even more efficiency and higher levels of sales and service. Our strategic focus is on growing the consumer line of business and making sure our consumer teams have the best tools in the industry. Now, let me move to mortgage lending. In mortgage lending we had a record year with production of $9.6 billion compared to the previous year's $5.4 billion of production, our number one ranking and customer satisfaction among primary mortgage servicing companies by JD Powers and Associates to test our strength in and commitment to this important core consumer product. We continue to believe that a mortgage loan relationship leads to an opportunity to further expand into other profitable bank products. Our business services line of business continues to focus on profitability, looking more closely than ever at structure, terms, up-front fees and interest rate spreads. To that end, commercial loan ongoing spreads continued to expand in the fourth quarter up 98 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2008 and now stands at 254 basis points above LIBOR. Today 76% of the business services loan portfolio is variable rate based. The majority tied to LIBOR which has been challenging in the interest rate environment we face in 2009, but positions us well for the eventual rise in rates. We have been implementing rate floors on new loans but currently only have 12% of our business loans paying at the floor and this will not prove to be a material drag on earnings when rates rise. Specific to small-business lending we are particularly encouraged by our progress and prospects as Regions was recently recognized as number one small business lender among traditional lenders as measured by the Small Business Administration. Plus according to JD Power and Associates we moved up more than any bank in the latest small business customer satisfaction study. In fact, line utilization for small business stands at a strong 57% as compared to commercial lines that appear to have stabilized at about 41%. Deposit growth from business relationships was tremendously strong in the fourth quarter and through 2009, up 4% this quarter and 12% annually. Deposit mix improved, as well with interest free deposits growing 7% linked quarter and 34% year-over-year. Mix improvement combined with disciplined pricing and improved market conditions has led to a drop in business services deposit costs by 54 basis points during the past year. Now let me turn for a moment to Morgan Keegan. We continue to experience growth at Morgan Keegan in a challenging market. In 2009, we added over 80,000 new brokerage accounts and increased customer assets by $12.5 billion. Progress on new business has led to revenues of $337 million in the quarter bringing annual revenues to just under $1.3 billion for the year, very respectable given the challenging market environment. The fixed income business segment led the way this quarter continuing its record setting pace helped by institutional customers' demand by government mortgage-backed and municipal securities. Retail brokerage revenue also improved, driven by higher improving equity markets as well as the addition of 18 new financial advisors. We continue to gain confidence and ability to grow our business at Morgan Keegan and to deliver consistent and improving profitability. Now let me shift my comments to actions taken to improve efficiency. In 2009, we made considerable headway in lowering our core expense base and anticipate additional efforts in improvements in 2010. Unusually high recession and credit related costs such as higher OREO, professional fees and FDIC premiums are more than offsetting our expense reduction efforts and this is likely to continue into 2010. But ultimately many of these expenses will revert to more normalized level. Meanwhile, we're continuing to diligently identify unnecessary expenses, implement more efficient operating processes, continue to rationalize staffing models across our business units and aggressively review any consolidation opportunities. In many cases, we are continuing to invest capital and commit expenses to achieve a better business model for the future but long-term we're building a more efficient business that will serve us well as the economy improves. During 2009, we reduced head count by approximately 2,300 positions, while maintaining record high levels of service quality and record new account sales. All in all, I'm confident that we're on the right path to both properly deal with our credit problems and improve the long-term earnings potential of this franchise. As the economy recovers and credit costs begin to moderate we will see improved bottom line results and return to profitability at normalized levels. Now let me close my comments, but before I do I want to personally recognize the contributions that Dowd Ritter has made to this organization and the tremendous leadership he has provided over his 40 plus years of service to the company. His leadership has proven invaluable, it is an honor and a humbling challenge to be assuming his leadership role and responsibility for sustaining our direction. Regions' has an outstanding franchise in some of the best markets in the country, a dedicated and talented work force and great customers. Most of which can be attributed to Dowd's leadership and strong business vision. But most importantly his focus on customers and disciplined execution of our business plans. I believe these attributes will consistently reward shareholders over the long term with solid returns. With that, I'll turn it over to Irene.
Irene Esteves: Thank you, Grayson. Let's begin with a summary of results for the quarter. Fourth quarter's bottom line reflects the operating environment as well as continued efforts to improve our balance sheet's risk profile. In addition and very importantly we continue to make progress in improving the fundamentals of our organization. As shown in slide one average low-cost deposits rose $2.1 billion linked quarter, driven by an approximate 5% pickup in non-interest bearing deposits and a 3% increase in money market funds that more than offset a drop in higher cost certificates of deposit. Earning assets rose 1% with security purchases more than offsetting a decline in average loans which continued to be adversely impacted by weak demand and line utilization. The net interest margin was steady as expected with ongoing positive shift in funding mix countered by the impact of maturing interest rate swaps. As a result, net interest income was up slightly. Fourth quarter non-interest income included a $96 million loss on sale of primarily non-agency securities equivalent to $0.05 per share after tax. A $71 million gain related to leveraged lease terminations was slightly offset in income  slightly more than offset in income taxes lowering net income by about $3 million or less than half a cent per share. Absent these items non-interest income was down about 3%. Non-interest expenses adjusted for $41 million of branch consolidation and valuation related costs recorded in the third quarter and about $12 million in the fourth quarter was relatively unchanged, although still elevated primarily due to a rise in professional and legal fees. Our capital position remains strong with Tier 1 capital an estimated 11.6% and Tier 1 common at 7.2%. As expected, credit costs remained elevated during the quarter as we recorded a $1.2 billion loan loss provision exceeding net charge-offs by $487 million. The net charge-off ratio was an annualized 2.99% of average loans compared to third quarter's 2.86%, with the increase driven by higher residential related consumer losses. As a result of the provisioning over charge-offs, the period end allowance for loan losses as a percentage of loans increased by 60 basis points to 3.43%. Non-performing assets excluding loans held for sale increased $376 million or 10% linked quarter, well below third quarter's $662 million increase and the lowest quarterly dollar increase in 2009. As anticipated, CRE was the most notable contributor to non-performing loans and charge-offs. Importantly, both gross and net non-performing asset growth continued to moderate in the fourth quarter. Loan loss allowance coverage of non-performing loans stood at 0.89 times at year-end, up from 0.82 times last quarter. Bill will cover credit in more depth in a minute but let's first talk about the other aspects of our quarterly results. In terms of fourth quarter balance sheet changes, loan demand reflected the broader economy which was generally soft. More specifically, commercial and real estate construction demand was especially light with 2% and 15% portfolio drops, respectively. This slide illustrates that although our commitment levels remain high, commercial utilization rates were declining through year-end and are substantially lower than in a normal environment. Nevertheless, we're beginning to see some stabilization and are continuing to search for and extend loans to creditworthy customers. There is no doubt that we are poised to grow balances once the economy improves and demand returns to more normal levels. In terms of funding, growth and low-cost deposits continue to be strong across the board including those from consumer, small business and commercial sources. Slide three illustrates the outstanding customer deposit growth we've achieved over the last five quarters, driven largely by interest-free and money market accounts. Much of the success can be traced to new account openings. In fact, as Grayson mentioned during 2009, we exceeded our company-wide goal of opening one million new checking accounts for consumers and small businesses. Our signature bundled product, Regions LifeGreen Checking and Savings helped fuel that growth. Robust low-cost deposit growth has significantly benefited our overall funding mix replacing higher cost certificates of deposit. Improving new account generation and customer retention are increasing our deposit market share. The most recently released FDIC market share data showed that we had a great year in terms of market share gain. As indicated by the upward pointing arrows, we gained market share in 15 out of our 16 states, taking our state market share rankings higher in six of those 16 states. As expected, the fourth quarter net interest margin was flat to the prior quarter. Solid low cost deposit growth, a catalyst to improving funding mix, is positively impacting our net interest margin. However, in the fourth quarter, incremental benefits were largely offset by the impact of interest rate swaps that matured in the third quarter and higher non-performing assets. These items combined would have resulted in a 17 basis-point decline in the fourth quarter margin had it not been for the improved deposit costs and loan spread which brought us back to the forecasted stabilized margins. A steady net interest margin combined with a higher level of investment securities produced fourth quarter net interest income of $850 million. Looking forward into 2010, we expect the margin to gradually improve throughout the year. Organic momentum in the form of CD repricing and continuous loan spread improvement will be the main drivers. Also inherent in this forecast is our expectation for a modest late-year rise in interest rates. Our goal is to reach the 3% or better NIM margin by year end. Reported non-interest revenues were 7% lower than third quarter. However, as mentioned earlier, fourth quarter revenues were impacted by a $96 million loss on sale of primarily non-agency securities. A de-risking measure as well as a $71 million leverage lease termination gain that was more than offset in income taxes. Excluding their effect, non-interest income was 3% lower as higher brokerage revenues driven largely by Morgan Keegan, as Grayson touched on earlier were more than offset by lower hedge affected mortgage revenues. The mortgage interest rate environment trended lower during the quarter driving up origination volumes of $2 billion compared to third quarter's $1.8 billion. Refinance activity represented 56% of origination, up from third quarter's level of 54%. During the quarter, we continued our efforts of eliminating credit risk from the balance sheet by selling $1.3 billion of investment portfolio securities including commercial and residential non-agency mortgage-backed securities and municipal bonds. We reinvested those proceeds into agency guaranteed mortgage-backed securities. As a result of these actions, as well as securities transactions completed earlier in the year, the investment portfolio now has very minimal risk to CMBS, non-agency mortgage-backed securities or municipal bonds and has shorter duration as well. Today over 99% of our current investment securities portfolio is agency-guaranteed. While we did record a loss this quarter for the year, securities transactions resulted in the $69 million gain. Notably, total service charges were relatively unchanged third to fourth quarter. However, in October, we announced that we will be modifying our dollar limit and daily occurrence caps relating to existing NSF and OD policies during 2010. These modifications are expected to cost us $40 million to $50 million full year 2010. We continue to work on reigning in our baseline non-interest expenses. Excluding branch consolidation and valuation write-down costs, non-interest expenses were relatively flat linked quarter. During the quarter, improved personnel efficiency was a catalyst to the $12 million or 2% drop in salaries and benefit costs. In 2009, we lowered head count by approximately 2,300 including a fourth quarter reduction of nearly 500. In addition, through consolidating supplier relationships, negotiating better contracts and fine-tuning staffing models, we continue to control discretionary spending. Nevertheless, headwinds in the form of elevated FDIC and other real estate costs persist and are obscuring our progress to some extent. The good news here, as Grayson described, is that we expect many of these expenses to recede as credit-related issues return to more normalized levels. In 2010, we will continue to work diligently to improve our cost structure while continuing to make appropriate investments in developing our businesses. As you're aware in the first quarter, we'll consolidate 121 branches into existing locations at an expected annual pre-tax net savings of $21 million. We will seek other opportunities to pare back costs. Of course, environmental costs will have a significant bearing on this year's ultimate expenses. Let me wrap up with our strong quarter-end capital ratios. Our Tier 1 capital ratio now stands at 11.6%, while Tier 1 common ratios are a very solid 7.2%. And now, let me turn it over to Bill Wells to go over our credit metrics.
Bill Wells: Thank you, Irene. Let me start by sharing some context for this quarter's credit results. Since the merger of Regions and AmSouth in November of 2006, a part of our business strategy has been to accelerate the disposition of problem assets and take losses as soon as possible and to confront issues early for the company's long-term benefit. Through moderation in credit metrics, we are now seeing is at least in part a result of those actions. At the merger, we recognized the new Regions had too much real estate and too much land. We put in place new credit policies that put moratoriums on commercial real estate, centralized credit approvals and sold the so-called sub-prime mortgage company in March 2007. Shortly thereafter, real estate and the economy deteriorated significantly. We were among the first to segregate our homebuilder portfolio and discuss it publicly in January of 2008. Since then, we have aggressively disposed of problem real estate. In the fourth quarter of 2008, we sold our mark-to-market and moved to held for sale $1 billion of non-performing loans. We described them at that time as the worst of the worst primary land and condos. We have continued to aggressively dispose of problem loans through 2009. These actions have helped produce a continuing decline in NPA migration and stabilization and charge-off. Turning to the slide, charge-offs stabilized with a $12 million increase from the third quarter. As you can see, the components reflect our active asset disposition program and record sales of NPAs shown in orange. Business service losses were driven by higher valuation charges of $215 million in the fourth quarter versus $191 million in third quarter. Overall, consumer losses accounted for the linked quarter rise which reflects continued high unemployment. As you will recall, the SCAP stress test was $9.2 billion in losses for 2009 and 2010 cumulatively. For 2009, that would equate to $4.6 billion against our actual performance of $2.25 billion. Said another way, 50% of the stress test period is over with actual results equal to 25% of what was expected. Consistent with our message at the investor conference last July, we are very pleased with the continued declining trend in NPAs, especially the net number of $376 million versus $662 million in the third quarter. Our proactive sales program which included over $500 million this quarter, coupled with marks and transfers to held for sale, helped drive down the net NPA migration. During the fourth quarter, we only restructured approximately $50 million of non-performing loans and looking forward, we have the opportunity to do substantially more in the first quarter and beyond. This is another look at non-performing asset migration. Land, condos, single-family, what we have traditionally called homebuilder and condo, continues to decline. Income-producing commercial real estate is down notably since last quarter, a very important point. Furthermore, our condominium exposure is now under $600 million. This chart gives detail around our disposition program. During 2009's fourth quarter, we had record sales of $510 million and we moved an additional $133 million of non-performing loans to held for sale. The discounts on problem loan sales and loans that were mark to market were at 29% versus 34% last quarter. As illustrated in the chart, over the last five quarters we have disposed of approximately $2.7 million of problem assets. Our aggressive sales marks and movement of loans to held for sale have helped us achieve the positive result in our NPA migration. Here I wanted to explain our troubled debt restructurings because they are often misunderstood. The overwhelming majority of Regions's TDRs are residential first mortgages. In addition, over 97% of all consumer TDRs are accruing interest. TDR status is a function of our proactive customer assistance program which allows customers who are having financial difficulty to make payments as low as interest only. We have also made less than $1 million in principal balance concessions since the start of our customer assistance program. We strongly believe that giving customers short-term relief, no matter how small, will prove beneficial for them as well as the company. While our strategy does lead to higher TDR levels under our accounting guidance, the business results have been positive. Regions recidivism rate is just over 16%, much better than government-sponsored programs and our foreclosure rate is less than half the national average. This slide summarizes the credit costs we have discussed. During the fourth quarter, net charge-offs stabilized, NPA migration continued to decline and we had record loan sales of over $500 million at lower discounts than in previous quarters. Additionally during the quarter, we provided approximately $500 million over charge-offs to allow for credit losses. Finally, over 90-day past-dues were up only $45 million from the third quarter. Mortgages to consumer accounted for $40 million of the growth, in line with rising unemployment. This slide shows a comparison of delinquency and foreclosures. You can easily see the impact Florida has on the portfolio. Our lower foreclosure rates reflects the quality of our portfolio coupled with our proactive customer assistance program that I mentioned before. Given our substantial exposure to commercial real estate, we felt it only prudent to continue our reserve build in the fourth quarter to mitigate the risk. However, if our trend of declining migration of loans to a non-performing status continues on the current trajectory and the economy continues demand, the need for continued reserve build may be over. Before I close, let me quickly touch on a topic that has gotten a lot of press recently. Potential exposure to loans originated and serviced for the GSE. Unlike many of our competitors that have large post-sale and corresponded lending channels, virtually all of our mortgage loans are originated in-house via our retail channel to strict underwriting and documentation standards. In addition, we have comprehensive and effective controls in place to limit repurchases from the agencies. Audit procedures are performed monthly. And finally, our repurchase reserve is reviewed on a quarterly basis. Based on the nature of our portfolio, the rigor surrounding its management and based on our actual and forecast losses, we feel that we are appropriately reserved. With that, I'll turn the call back to Dowd for closing comments.
Dowd Ritter: Thank you, Bill. As you you've just heard, a number of actions haven been taken in the fourth quarter and throughout the full-year 2009 that exacerbated the near-term pressure on Regions' bottom line but better positioned us to deal with the lingering economic and credit challenges as well as position us for longer term earning power. We've significantly reduced balance sheet risk. We appropriately increased our allowance for credit losses. We've reversed the down trend in our net interest margin. We've broadly improved market share, profitably grown our customer base, enhanced operating efficiency and raised capital. When credit and environmental costs return to more normal levels, Regions is well positioned, we believe, for a bounce-back in profitability and we'll deliver consistently solid returns. Before opening the call for questions, I want to take the opportunity to thank you for your interest in Regions over the years. And I want to especially thank my Regions colleagues for their support and hard work. I couldn't be more confident in Regions' prospects given our talented associate base and being led by high energy and enormously talented and experienced person like Grayson. There's no doubt in my mind that great things are in store for this company as we look to the future for it and its shareholders. With that, Operator, why don't we open it up for questions?
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys.
Irene Esteves: Hey, Matt.
Matt O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Your net interest margin guidance calls for about a 30 basis point increase over the next four quarters, which is probably one of the more bullish outlooks for the margin among the banks. And I was just wondering if you can provide a little more color on the quarterly progression. Should we expect that a consistent step-up or more front or back-end loaded? Matt, I would expect it to be more back-end loaded as we are repricing. As loans come up for renewal, we will be repricing, so that will build through the year as well as the building impact of our deposit costs coming down. So, we'll see some improvement in the first two quarters but I think most of it will come in the third and fourth.
Grayson Hall: And Matt, this is Grayson. When you look at the fourth quarter, we had a margin of 2.73% in the third and 2.72% in the fourth and we held that margin in spite of having about a 14 basis-point challenge on an interest swap derivative that was rolling off and approximately three basis points loans moved to non-accrual. So, we beat a 17-point headwind and held at 2.72%. We continue to see opportunities in the first quarter. We got roughly $8 billion in CDs that are maturing in the first quarter at a rate that's probably around 3.25%. And so we believe we got a lot of opportunity to improve that net interest margin going forward.
Matt O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just as a follow-up on that. You increased the securities on balance sheet, but I assume some of that was to replace the swaps that rolled off. You did mentioned that you're still asset-sensitive. Can you provide us with what the interest rate positioning overall was at year end versus 9/30? Did it change much?
Irene Esteves: Yeah. Matt, our asset sensitivity is still in place. And as you'll remember last quarter, we talked about the asset sensitivity we'd be down in the short-term. So we put on a hedge for about a nine-month period that reduced our asset sensitivity to protect ourselves against a prolonged low interest rate environment. But that hedge expires in the third quarter, so you'll see our asset sensitivity increase over the next couple of quarters. You'll see that asset sensitivity show up more in our 12-month outlook.
Matt O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And just  I am sorry, carry on.
Irene Esteves: Sorry. I was just going to add that when we reinvested, we kept the duration very short. So our average duration has dropped from 2.6 years to 1.9 years.
Matt O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Okay. I guess, putting it altogether on the NIM, the back half of 2010, you've got the organic opportunities irrespective of rates rising and then the combination of that and some of the hedge rolling off. If rates do start to rise towards the end of this year and toward 2011 it sounds like there could be some real nice up-side to the margin even above what you said.
Irene Esteves: Yes. We do expect some good improvement in the margin.
Matt O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Irene, very helpful. Thank you.
Irene Esteves: Sure
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse: Thanks and good morning.
Barb Godin: Morning.
Craig Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse: First, just on the home equity portfolio including Florida, delinquencies here continued to climb as did net charge-offs. And I'm wondering if you could share with us your expectations for home equity losses in 2010. Should we assume a step-up due to higher delinquency levels or are you seeing something in the pipeline that we should see some improvement?
Bill Wells: The question is really surrounding home equity and Barb will get to it. But one thing you have to understand that as we've watched this home equity portfolio, we have worked through the investor and second home piece in early 2009. And as we watched our past-dues and losses, it really does become a function of where you see unemployment going. And I'll let Barb drill down more on that.
Barb Godin: I want to take you back, Craig, to comments we made in the second and third quarters that we were very positively surprised in the second quarter with the amount of government stimulus that some of our customers saw as well as income tax rebates. And that really helped our 90-day past-due number and that in turn rolled into lower charge-offs for home equity in the third quarter. They have now risen back to, I would say, more normalized levels in this credit cycle. And as Bill and others have said, we have the challenge and the headwinds of rising unemployment. We're addressing that but we don't think it is going to be significant.
Craig Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse: So it seems like the government stimulus really drove the down tick in delinquencies in the second quarter but now you're seeing more of, I guess, a mix shift, within home equity from higher severity, high loss content, second home and shifting more towards lower loss content. Is that, kind of, a fair conclusion?
Barb Godin: I'm not sure that is a fair conclusion. There has been some shifting in there but I wouldn't necessarily agree with the fact that it's all moved just towards first lien production now.
Bill Wells: And what I would also say is when we looked at the home equity portfolio it is performing as we projected it would be. The second thing that I would add, when you look at our quality statistics compared to competitors, we are so much better. And I think it goes back to how we've always viewed underwriting from the beginning from our home equity products. It has been a good product for us. It has been under stress, but good quality underwriting, how we go through the process, has really proved beneficial to us, even though it may be elevated right now, compared to our peers.
Barb Godin: One last comment I would make and this is part of our customer assistance program, but nonetheless we worked through all of our collection queues. And we've actually worked through a lot of our current customers. To date we've touched 75% of our customers that we've reached out to and said do you need help and if so, we've extended that help i.e. back to TDRs increasing. But what it also says is I think we have a pretty good handle on what's happening in our home equity portfolio, again, by talking to 75% of that client base. All of this originated through our branches.
Craig Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse: Okay. And can you please just share the 30 to 89-day delinquency level for the fourth quarter versus the third quarter?
Barb Godin: Something we don't normally share but I would say that there are no surprises in it.
Craig Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse: Okay. So it is flattish?
Barb Godin: Yes. It is.
Craig Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Valentin from FBR Capital Markets.
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Just, within the loan categories, I noticed both construction buckets, owner occupied and non-owner occupied, jumped quite a bit in the fourth quarter. Was that a cleanup quarter or how should we think about that  those two buckets going forward in terms of losses?
Bill Wells: One thing you have to do when you look at owner occupied and the numbers, that they're coming off small dollar amounts. So you'll get some variation in there. And we just don't see it as a significant trend or cleanup or any of that. That is just more of what we've seen in the portfolio. Our owner occupied really attracts to what we've seen in our C&I portfolio. Do you have anything?
Grayson Hall: In the non-owner occupied portfolio, a lot of that is our homebuilder book that is a stress portfolio. It is down substantially quarter-over-quarter about $500 million and it is just going through and working out that portfolio.
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. So you would say it is more of a denominator effect, I guess, the shrinking portfolios?
Grayson Hall: Yes. That's right.
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. And just one follow-up question on credit. How should we think about normalized credit cost? I think the general guidance was hopefully peak NPA formation by mid '10 assuming the economy continues to improve. What would be the forecast, the guidance we should use when we're trying to forecast more normalized credit costs?
Bill Wells: Well, at our Investor Day, we talked about a range back in July of where we thought credit costs were going. To us, where we see that credit costs will lag a little bit of where your NPA migrates. But at that time, we had said back in July, we thought of a range of $3.4 billion to $5.9 billion. We're half-way through that. We said at that time we think we would be in the middle of the range. I think we're going to be maybe tend up a little bit from where we saw it. But still well within the range of where we gave some discussion back in July.
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Goldberg with Barclays Capital.
Jason Goldberg  Barclays Capital: Thank you. I guess, Grayson, with you taking the reins now as CEO, can you just elaborate in terms of, I guess, what you expect to continue to be doing and what changes we should look for ahead. And then, maybe, Dowd, in the majority of these situations we have seen the outgoing CEOs stay on as chairman through a transition period. Maybe just elaborate why you're not doing that and just the timing of your departure, particularly given the fact that you still have a couple of years to go before the management retirement age.
Dowd Ritter: Jason, I'll take the latter part second. I think after all those 41 years, no one should be surprised with my decision. Secondly, personally and I think the board agreed, I'm a big believer in proper corporate governance and I don't think there's any worse practice that a large corporation can have than to have an outgoing CEO stay on the board and for what that does to the other directors and the incoming CEO. The transition process has been going on for years with our board and so I think the way we're doing it and me not staying on the board, is very appropriate in corporate governance in America today. And I'll turn it over to Grayson to answer the other part of that.
Grayson Hall: Yeah. Jason, I mean, first of all, it's a good question and a question that we've given thoughtful consideration to. I've had quite a few discussions with Dowd, with our corporate directors and with our senior team. And first let me say you really should not anticipate any dramatic shifts in our business strategy. We have been and will continue to be focused on the same core issues. First and foremost, we're managing and reducing the credit risk on our balance sheet. That is the first order of business. And secondly, we are looking for any and every opportunity to improve our operating efficiency, reducing discretionary spending across the organization. We're driving the franchise to deliver higher levels of organic growth, to improve sales and service and focusing on our customers. And, lastly, is around profitability. We're trying to add discipline around loan and deposit pricing. We're trying to grow revenues in our different businesses because our focus is a prompt return to profitability. And these have been our core issues for a number of months, they continue to be. It's a balanced approach trying to put credit risk on one side and the customer and growing our organic business on the other. And you should not anticipate that you see any change in that. My only hope is that the change you see is incremental improvement over the next several quarters and our risk profile and more aggressive action to return to that level of profitability and we plan on increasing the intensity and focus on those issues.
Jason Goldberg  Barclays Capital: Helpful. And then as a follow-up, the Tier 1 common ratio came down, I think, 75th this quarter and now kind of puts you in the lower quartile or so of at least the top 25 banks. Just, maybe just comment around your capital position particularly in light of the fact that I think your outlook points that continued lack of profitability at least the early part of '10.
Irene Esteves: Jason, our capital ratios dropped because of our loss and our DTA position, of course. But they're still at very high levels, 11.6%, Tier 1 and 7.2% Tier 1 common. And as we look out through the cycle and you've heard the comments on our improving credit metrics, we feel we have sufficient capital to get to fully have a cushion throughout the cycle.
Jason Goldberg  Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Demba with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Jennifer Demba  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Good morning. I was wondering if you could, kind of, elaborate on what you expect to do from an efficiency improvement further effort in 2010. And I was wondering if you could repeat the number. You said you outlined the amount of OREO costs and credit related non-interest expenses you had for '09.
Grayson Hall: Jennifer, this is Grayson. We continue to have our focus on managing expenses. As long as we're in the situation that we're in, from a profitability standpoint, rigorous expense management just has to be a normal course of business. We are going to close 121 branches this quarter, has annualized run rate improvement on expenses of about $21 million. We continued to reduce the amount of occupancy that we have in the company. We've sold off over the last three years roughly 3 million square feet of space in the company. We continue to reduce headcount. As we mentioned before, we're down approximately 2,300 positions for the year and we're down 500 in the fourth quarter. We would anticipate that we'll continue to rationalize headcount in this environment. When you look at credit-related expenses that are running through NIE, we're running for 2009 a little over $800 million. You figure $200 million of that is probably pretty normal. $200 million of it is probably FDIC insurance that may or may not go away. That leaves you with about $400 million in elevated NIE or almost $100 million a quarter that we should see go away in our non-interest expense as we normalize to a more credit  more normalized credit environment.
Jennifer Demba  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Could you give us some thoughts on TARP repayment?
Grayson Hall: Sure. TARP repayment, we continue to take appropriate steps to position our company to repay TARP, when it becomes financially prudent and when agreed to by our regulatory authorities. Our preference continues to be to execute TARP repayment in a manner that balances really our regulatory requirements, our risk profile and our shareholder expectations. We continue to prepare ourselves for repayment, but remain disciplined in our approach.
Jennifer Demba  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jefferson Harralson with KBW.
Jefferson Harralson  KBW: Hi. Thanks, guys. Good morning.
Irene Esteves: Morning.
Jefferson Harralson  KBW: Irene, I was going to ask you about, to followup on Jason's question, on the DTA. What is the amount of the DTA now and how much of it is counting towards the regulatory capital?
Irene Esteves: The DTA is about $1 billion and about 15% of it counts towards regulatory capital.
Jefferson Harralson  KBW: All right. How much did the DTA increase from the Q3 to Q4?
Irene Esteves: It wasn't material. It wasn't a large increase.
Jefferson Harralson  KBW: Okay. And when you guys did you  last question, when you got to the SCAP test, how much is the performance of DTA in keeping with the SCAP test? Was there also some relatively significant regulatory DTA disqualified for the SCAP test?
Irene Esteves: It is about the same in relation to our losses.
Jefferson Harralson  KBW: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Bank of America.
Ken Usdin  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Bill, I was wondering, if you could elaborate a little bit on your point about reserve building, maybe potentially being close to being complete. So in terms of you guys putting up a little bit bigger reserve build this quarter. How close do you think you are to being complete with the reserve build and how do you think that magnitude will track as we move ahead? Thanks.
Bill Wells: Yeah. One thing what we did when we looked at this quarter is we looked at the overall metrics that we're seeing. We mentioned past dues. We mentioned what we saw the trends in our non-performing and then also what we see on our charge-offs too. We're just looking out for our portfolio. So we thought it very prudently to reserve approximately $500 million over charge-offs for this time. Again, it is looking forward for the portfolio. We have always been very prudently in how we looked at our reserve and our build. We'll come to a point where you start to say where non-performings peak your internal metrics are looking better and then we'll come to that decision but right now we think we're very well provided for the losses that we see in the reserve. I was looking back at our just overall loss to loan levels and it's at a very high level compared to where we have been for a company and where you were for an industry, especially during the last cycle also too given the risk profile that we have of our company. So, again, feel good about where we are and where we're positioned for 2010.
Ken Usdin  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So just to ask it a different way, does that really mean we'll see a meaningful drop-off in the reserve build because if you had started to see some of those metrics turn the right way, you still built incrementally in the fourth. So if those metrics continue to improve, I would assume  are we done, do we start matching immediately as you see that turn as early as next quarter?
Bill Wells: It is hard to predict which quarter you're going to be in, but you always reach an inflection point where you start to look at what your metrics are. When we look for this quarter and for 2010, we see improving conditions. Still a stress portfolio, but we see that a lot of the programs and the actions that we took in 2009, we're bearing fruit of that, and you're going to see that again maybe higher up. It's still a stressed credit environment but we're taking the right actions and you'll get to an inflection point where you see the metrics start to continue to improve and that's where you make your decisioning about where you are on covering your charge-offs and if you do any extra provisions over that.
Ken Usdin  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And my second question is just can you give just a little bit of color on the CRE business and how it's acting on tear points about the inflows being a little lower this quarter on CRE. I'm just wondering if you can give us some granular color on what you're seeing in that business and what your general outlook is for commercial real estate determine income producing. Thanks.
Bill Wells: I'll first talk about on commercial real estate, in our supplement. I point everybody to  it's a pretty good breakdown of our portfolio and this time we also went through our multi-family and retail properties. One thing, I would say is it's a well diversified portfolio as we continue to work down our overall exposure. Again, I mentioned there were two slides specifically on multi-family and retail, geographically diverse. Overall a small note size from what we've seen in this portfolio, I really speak from the sales part, we are seeing more buyers come into the market looking to buy income-producing properties. A year ago, six months ago, we probably had two, possibly three individuals looking for a piece of property to buy. Now, we can have up to nine and our marks are holding better. So what I would tell you is that I believe that the portfolio is a stressed portfolio but still seems to be working. We are managing through it as we have been. Our construction piece, investor portfolio, has come down from about $9 billion to about $6 billion. And what is most important is we're starting to see a shift in our mix of our investor real estate. Land and single-family and condo were at 33% a year ago and now it's down to 26%. And multi-family and retail which was at 67% is now at around 74%. So when you talk about that and you're seeing less loss severity, you are having some type of cash flow. So for me, looking from a risk perspective, we're able to work through some of these properties a lot better than what we had when we were talking about condos and large land deals.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Grayson, you had mentioned the pretty widespread or difference between the line utilization rates on small business and those of your more commercial, I guess, more traditional commercial-related customers. Can you talk a little bit about that? Is that a good or a bad thing? Are the small businesses tapping their lines of credit because of inventory rebuild and better sales or are they cash strapped relative to the more larger corporate borrowers?
Grayson Hall: It is an excellent question and one that we ask ourselves as well, you know. We've drilled down into the credit metrics on the small-business side. I would tell you that part of that utilization is we've been looking at our lines and very careful about the size of line we extend to small business. And I think part of that utilization being at that level is that we probably are more conservative on our underwriting on small business. But our small business portfolio continues to perform well relative to this market. We don't believe that that utilization level is stress-related in any large degree. We are continuing to be encouraged by the number of small business customers that we're able to attract for the company each quarter. On commercial, I would just tell you that our customers, we have many customers anecdotally that have carried large lines with us who have no debt outstanding to us whatsoever today. And so you're seeing much more conservatism on the part of our traditional large commercial accounts.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. That's helpful. If I can ask one follow-up, Bill, you had mentioned in your presentation you sold, I think $510 million of NPAs during the quarter. When I look on slide 24  page 24 of the supplement, it looks like NPA dispositions were $312 million. How do I reconcile the difference between those two numbers?
Bill Wells: There are a couple things. What you have is coming out of held for sale is one, and then if there was a particular loan that was not necessarily in non-performing status, that would be the difference there. So that's how you reconcile between what we did and showing on that slide. The other thing I would mentioned as I talk about held for sale, it's a balance of $317 million at the end of the quarter. Our sales have continued. We sold about $30 million since the first of the year. So our held for sale balance is under $300 million. It had been hovering around $400 million. So you've been able to see that account, that portfolio churn over a period of time. So, again, that  hopefully that answers your question the difference between the two.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: It does. Thank you very much.
List Underwood: Operator, this is List Underwood. We have unfortunately just time for one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Your final question comes from Marty Mosby with FTN Equity Capital.
Marty Mosby  FTN Equity Capital Markets: Thanks for taking my question. Irene, I want to do visit the rate sensitivity and the increase in net interest margin as rates begin to climb. Last year, we reported at the end of the year that we had a 5% rate sensitivity position. Over this year, we have been de-risking the balance sheet and dropping construction loans which are all variable rate-type loans. It's about a 4% impact. So maybe we're still rate sensitive or are we going to see some less of an impact in the very near-term when rates go up because we've come out of the short pull in assets and moved into cash flow out of securities. I just wanted to know why we  have we moderated that impact somewhat as we have seen the balance sheet shift in mix?
Irene Esteves: Sure, Marty. It's the  the short answer is we are just as asset sensitive as we have always been in the longer term. We've taken the nine months that will roll off in Q3 of this year. The position that we thought interest rates would stay low, so we put on a hedge during that nine months period which will roll off and bring back the asset sensitivity. When you look at our 12-month outlook, which would be in the 10-Qs and in the 10-K, you will see that asset sensitivity reappear once that rolls off.
Marty Mosby  FTN Equity Capital Markets: Even if we have any risk to just the cash flow extending on the securities versus being in the floating rate construction loans?
Irene Esteves: It is a very short duration. We're at an average 1.9 years on the investment portfolio. We'll continue to keep that duration short.
Marty Mosby  FTN Equity Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks.
Irene Esteves: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn it back over for closing remarks.
Dowd Ritter: Okay. Let me just thank everyone for joining us this morning and we will stand adjourned.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: M. List Underwood - Director of Investor Relations C. Dowd Ritter - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Irene Esteves - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President, Finance Group O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr. - President and Chief Operating Officer Barb Guidon - Head of Consumer Credit William C. Wells, II - Chief Risk Officer and Senior Executive Vice President, Risk Management Group G. Timothy Laney - Senior Executive Vice President Chief Credit Officer Tom Neely - Director, Risk Analytics
Analysts: Betsy L. Graseck - Morgan Stanley Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Phillip Gutfleish - Elm Ridge Capital Albert Savastano - Fox-Pitt Kelton Edwin Groshans - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill & Partners, LP Todd Hagerman - Collins Stewart LLC Heather Wolf - UBS Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners Marty Mosby - FTN Equity Capital Markets Jason M. Goldberg - Barclays Capital Scott Valentin - Friedman, Billings & Ramsey Carole Berger - Soleil Securities
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Wes and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood, before Mr. Ritter begins the conference call.
M. List Underwood: Thank you, operator and good morning everyone. We appreciate very much your participation today. Our presenters are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dowd Ritter; and our Chief Financial Officer; Irene Esteves. Also joining us and available to answer questions are Bill Wells, our Chief Risk Officer; Tom Neely, Director of Risk Analytics; and Barb Guidon, our Head of Consumer Credit. Here with us also is our recently appointed Chief Credit Officer Tim Laney. Let me quickly touch on our presentation format. We have prepared a short slide presentation to accompany Irene's comments. It's available under the Investor Relations section of www.regions.com. For those of you in the investment community that dialed in by phone, once you are on the Investor Relations section of our website, just click on via phone player and the slides will automatically advance in sync with the audio of Irene's presentation. A copy of the slides will be available on our website shortly after the call. Our presentation this morning, we'll discuss Regions business outlook and includes forward-looking statements. These statements may include descriptions of management's plans, objectives, or goals for future operations, products or services, forecasts of financial or other performance measures, statements about the expected quality, performance or collectability of loans and statements about Regions general outlook for economic and business conditions. We also may make other forward-looking statements in the question-and-answer period following the discussion. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ is available from today's earnings press release, in today's Form 8-K, our 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31st, and June 30th 2009 and in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. As a reminder, forward-looking statements are effective only as of the date they are made and we assume no obligation to update information concerning our expectations. Let me also mention that our discussions may include the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these to the same measures on a GAAP basis can be found in our earnings release and related supplemental financial schedules. Now, I'll turn it over to Dowd.
C. Dowd Ritter: Thank you List and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining Regions third quarter earnings conference call this morning. Before I begin discussing the quarterly results, I will mention one other item of importance to this company and its future performance. Last week, I am sure most of you saw we announced that Grayson Hall was named President and Chief Operating Officer of the company. This is the logical next step in establishing a clear management succession plan. As well as further strengthening our corporate governance and most importantly positioning Regions well for growth in the years ahead. This appointment of recognition of Grayson's tremendous leadership of building and accomplishments over his 29 years with the company in ever increasing roles of responsibility as well as our Board's future expectations. Under Grayson's leadership for example, customer satisfaction at Regions has reached an all time high and consistently relaxed in the top quota versus other banks as measured by Gallup surveys. Finally, sign of the economic environment remains difficult and I am committed to working with Grayson and the other senior members of our management team over the coming years to continue to manage the company for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. By the way, I should add that Grayson is here with us today and available to answer questions as well. Let me turn now to core. Regions third quarter loss of $0.47 per fully diluted share was driven by our ongoing efforts to proactively identify -- deal with a reserve for credit related problems as we further improve the risk profile of our balance sheet. Additionally, non-interest expenses were inflated by costs associated with our branch consolidation initiative and other rising costs reflective of the current recessionary environment. Examples of these would include FDIC insurance, other real estate costs and professional fees. These items more than offset to build debts of strong and low cost customer deposit growth. And including net interest margin and solid core fee based revenue and good core operating expense containment. Let's first talk about credit quality in the third quarter's loan loss provision and OREO cost, which totaled nearly $1.1 billion or $0.56 per share which were up $150 million or a link quarter basis. As Irene will detail for you both non-performing assets and net loan charge-offs continue to rise during the third quarter. Therefore, we increased the allowance for credit losses to 2.90% of loans. The good news is that the gross inflows of non-performing loans appears to be stabilizing. Also of note, related to our $7.3 billion shared national credit portfolio, we recorded just $37 million of net charge-offs and we placed an additional $109 million of non-accrual status in the current quarter. While manageable, the effects of the economic downturn are to a greater degree extending beyond our problematic homebuilder, Florida home equity second lien and condominium portfolios. These assets still account for a sizeable element of overall non-performers; however, other commercial real estate credits such as loans secured by income producing properties explain the bulk of the third quarter's NPL inflow. Keep in mind, there is greater cash flow associated with loans on income producing property, which improves our ability to restructure the credit and return it to performing status. We continue to take a proactive stance in recognizing.... (Technical Difficulty)
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this is the operator. Today's conference is scheduled to resume momentarily. Until that time your lines will be on silent hold. Thank you for your patience.
Operator: Mr. Ritter, you may resume your conference call.
C. Dowd Ritter: Thank you very much. I apologize, I don't know what happened. List just showed me that he had got an e-mail which I will not name the person sending the e-mail and said he need to take you out the dial and hoping good, but we all do that. We don't know what happened with the phones service, but we are back and I apologize. I think as we were cut-off, I was talking about the greater cash flow associated with the loans that we have on income producing properties which obviously improves our ability to restructure those credits and will turn them to performing status. We continue to take a proactive stance in recognizing those problem credits. Importantly, approximately $335 million of our commercial real estate loans including 226 million backed buy income producing properties or carry does non-performing -- and are actually paying currently. Meanwhile, we continue to reduce our homebuilder and condominium portfolios which declined another $498 million in the aggregate during the quarter. Given the lower levels of these portfolios and the significant charge-offs that we've already booked, this source of losses will decline as we move through 2010. At the same time, we're managing through this period of deep pressure and elevated credit costs; we are continuously looking for ways to enhance the long term profit potential. Our most recent action relates to our branch network where we believe there are opportunities for us to optimize the efficiency. In our extensive analysis, we've decided to consolidate 121 branches and the other branches over the next two quarters. Our results this quarter include valuation related expenses and other cost of $41 million and the net savings resulted from theses actions are expected to total $21 million on an annual basis going forward. These closings will have very minimal customer impacts. We have a number of other expense initiatives aimed to eliminating non-essential cost and constraining discretionary expenses. In particular, we are closely managing our headcount and of course, we drastically reduce staffing -- excuse me, as a result of the merger, but we've gone far beyond that. Since this time last year, we've eliminated nearly 1,700 positions across all areas of the company. And with the branch consolidations and the other personnel related measures we'll become even more efficient through the remainder of this year and see the full run rate in 2010. In addition, we made great strides improving our net interest income. Drivers include enhanced risk adjusted loan and deposit pricing as well as business development initiatives such as continued emphasis on growth in low cost deposits. A main focus has been building our customer base and expanding customer relationships. For example, we opened a record 270,000 new retail and business checking accounts during the third quarter up 29% versus in the same quarter last year taking new account openings for the first nine months of this year to 762,000 new accounts. And we have grown average customer deposits over $10 billion since this time last year. In the third quarter alone, we increased average interest bearing deposits $701 million or 3.4% which is notably benefiting our funding mix. A very strong conformation of our efforts came late last week, as the FDIC deposit market share data showed that we gained share in all but one of our state markets then after you adjust for acquisitions and broker deposits during the last year. At the same time, our deposit market share rankings include in six of our 16 states. These are very good results especially consider in this current operating environment. Similar to this quarter however, at least in the intermediate terms the benefits of these initiatives is somewhat overshadowed escalating cost related to the current economic environment, such cost is OREO and other credit related expenses along with the higher FDIC expenses will largely offset the efficiency and revenue initiative benefits that we're achieving. But as the economic credit environment normalizes, we should see substantial improvement in our earnings power. To sum up, the operating environment remains challenging, but the economy appears to have bottomed and should start to recover although at a potentially much lower pace. Throughout this period of recovery, Regions will continue to prudently manage its capital and other resources and further strengthen our core business and our funds. We are confident that once credit crisis normalize and then Regions will be set to deliver solid bottom line profits. Let me now turn it over to Irene to discuss third quarter results in greater detail.
Irene Esteves: Thank you, Dowd. Let's begin with the summary of results for the quarter. Despite third quarter's credit driven bottom line loss, results showed strength in several areas. As shown in slide one, low cost deposits rose in average $1.3 billion linked quarter, an approximate 3% gain in non-interest bearing deposits and a 4% increase in money market funds, more than offset a drop in higher cost certificates of deposit. Reflective of lower demand, average loans were down across most categories. The ongoing positive shift in funding mix combined with improved loan and deposit pricing, helped lift the net interest margin 11 basis points. As a result, we were able to grow net interest income about 2% even though average earning assets declined nearly 4% due primarily to a $2.8 billion reduction in cash balances and the $1 billion decrease in loans. As Dowd said, non-interest income was solid adjusting for several unusual second quarter items it was little change linked quarter. Higher service charges and mortgage income were partially offset by lower brokerage revenues. Non-interest expenses including the $41 million included -- sorry, the $41 million of branch consolidation and valuation related costs as well as higher professional fees and other real estate owned expenses. Our capital position remained strong with Tier 1 Capital an estimated 12.1% and Tier 1 Common at 7.8%. As expected, credit quality remains challenging during the quarter. As a result, we booked the $1 million loan loss provision that more than covered net charge-offs providing a 46 basis point increase in the period end allowance for loan losses. Net charge-offs rose to an annualized 2.86% of average loans from second quarter's 2.06%. The change driven by value related write-downs and problem asset disposition. Non performing assets excluding loans held for sale increased $662 million well below second quarter's $1.1 billion jump. CRE was the most notable contributor to the NPL and charge-off increases. Let's take a few minutes to dove deeper into credit quality trends and related costs given the importance to Regions bottom line results. This slide shows the total loan loss provision including net charge-off and provision above net charge-off, was over $1 billion in the third quarter from the second quarter's 912 million. As you can see while consumer real estate remained a major source of credit costs, they just declined versus last quarter. Most notably, the quarter-over-quarter home equity loss rate improved 48 basis points. We attribute this to the fact that we're true with most of our investor type loan issues; well through the second home issues and are now working more with customers on loan secured by the primary resonance. More than offsetting these however, commercial real estate cost increased as we aggressively revalued properties which resulted in write-downs. Note the increase in CRE valuation charges which rose from $129 to 191 million in the current quarter. NPAs excluding loans held for sale totaled $3.7 billion or 3.99% of loans in OREO at quarter end and 80 basis point rise link quarter. Gross NPA in migration stand at $1.7 billion, $91 million lower than second quarter inflows. Third quarter inflows included $225 million of currently paying loan as well as the $109 million of shared national credits. As I mentioned earlier, on a net basis standing NPAs excluding loans held for sale increased at a much slower quarter-to-quarter rate, $662 million this quarter versus 1.1 billion last quarter. We are seeing a shift in the inflow mix with homebuilders and condos selling significantly and income producing commercial real estate inflows picking up. Income producing CRE accounted to 32% of third quarter's gross inflow driven by retail and multi-family properties. Again, it's important to remember that many of our CRE loans are income producing properties, with some level of cash flows. This suggests lots of areas should be less than what we have seen in our homebuilder and condo portfolios and that will have greater ability to restructure and to more quickly return some of these loans to performing status. Problem assets has disposition remains a focus for us. In fact, during this quarter, we sold $353 million of assets, more than twice the amount sold in the second quarter; plus we transferred an additional $201 million to loans held for sale, taking average 37% charge-off in the process. The fourth quarter is off to a quick start too; shortly after the third quarter ended we closed sales on $27 million which were in the held for sale portfolio. Looking now at specific loan categories, we've talked a lot about our closely managed homebuilder portfolio for last several quarters. Over that time, we have made significant progress in reducing our exposure through combination of sales, pay-downs and loss recognition. Outstandings have declined now totaled $3.4 billion, down 53% from the peak of 7.2 billion. These assets now equal 15% of our non-owner occupied CRE portfolio or 4% of total loans. Condos are quickly becoming a non-issue, as these loans totaled just $647 million at September 30th, down to just under $2 billion two years ago. These loans have been on more 20 months for sometime now and expect this portfolio to be even smaller by year end. Lastly, let me touch on commercial real estate loans secured by income producing retail and multi-family properties. These loans totaled about $9.4 billion at quarter end, with the non performing content of $448 million. Of this non-performing portion, $226 million is paying currently. We expect income producing properties to present greater opportunity to restructure and return to a full status at a later date. On the consumer side, our home equity portfolio is performing much better than the industry, largely because of our disciplined accrual process and the fact that was originated in our branch network. The most stressed portion continues to be second liens in Florida, which account for $3.6 billion or 4% of total loans. Losses here were actually down versus last quarter, owing largely to the fact that we have a very active customer assistance and outreach program, where customers come in to collection process on average at six days past due and in Florida at three days past due. Wrapping up on credit quality, let me mention a couple of important points regarding allowance coverage. First, we've taken appropriate write-downs on our non-performing loan portfolios at the time of the migration into non-performing status. Beyond those marks, our loan loss allowance covers additional losses inherent in our total loan book. The coverage of non-performing loans was at 0.82 times at quarter end. Further as you know, this allowance consists of both specific or FAS 114 reserves allocable to certain non-performing loans and with the remaining allowance applying to the remainder of the portfolio. Breaking NPLs down in similar fashion between the portion for which FAS 114 reserve exists and remaining portion you see that specific reserves amount to just under 20% of related NPLs. And recalculating the coverage ratio on the remainder of NPLs, our coverage is approximately 1.9 times. Now let's take a closer look at third quarter balance sheet changes. As I previously mentioned both commercial and consumer loan demand was sluggish. However, you will notice an increase in both non-owner occupied and owner occupied commercial real estate. The note here that these increases were essentially offset by declines in the construction categories with the shift being driven by construction loans upon project completion migrating to minimum status. On the consumer side residential first mortgage production declined as refinance activity slowed as a result of increasing mortgage rates. Rest of our other consumer loan portfolios mainly consisting of indirect auto lending are in run-off mode, so they will continue to decline with normal amortizations. Let me now turn to our deposit growth. Our growth in low cost funding continues to be robust on all fronts including consumers, small business and commercial. Slide 12 shows a positive change on our deposit funding base since last quarter, driven by continued strong low cost deposit growth; especially interest free and money market accounts. Much of the success is being driven by a strong new consumer and business checking account openings which totaled 270,000 in third quarter alone. We've also improved our customer attrition with household retention at historical high. Annualized retention rates have improved to 89% for consumer checking from a year ago 88%; while business service retention rate is now 87% versus 85% last year. Also helping our funding mix, higher cost, certificates of deposit, balances declined $889 million this quarter versus last. And we've had the opportunity to reprise a meaningful amount of the remaining balances recently. This solid low cost deposit growth has been a catalyst to our improving net interest margin and should continue to benefit the margin as we move into 2010. We're also beginning to reap rewards on the pricing front, where deposit costs continue to decline and loan spreads have improved significantly. Let's keep in mind that over the next several quarters drags from rising non-performing loan, as well as the impact of maturing interest rate swaps could mitigate a positive effect on our margin. So bottom line, we expect the margins remain relatively stable in the near term. However looking further out, we believe our balance sheet is positioned well to the eventual rising rate environment. On our non-interest revenues, we are significantly lower than second quarter, which have benefited from sizeable gains related to a trust preferred exchange, piece of shares and other security sales and leverage lease termination. Excluding these items, non-interest revenues were essentially unchanged linked quarter. A highlight on the quarter, service charge revenue was up $12 million or 4% benefiting from a high level of customer transactions and newer account growth. And $11 million decline brokerage revenues largely offset as investment banking and fixed income capital market results were down slightly. Mortgage revenue was solid, increasing $12 million, primarily the result of favorable MSR and related hedge performance. The mortgage interest rate environment turned higher during the quarter driving down origination volume of $1.8 billion compared to second quarter's 3.1 billion. Refinance activity represented 54% of originations, down from the first quarter level of 76%. Importantly, our service quality has been outstanding. We were recently ranked highest in customer satisfaction among primary mortgage servicing companies by J.D. Power and Associates. Now let's take a look at Morgan Keegan's third quarter results. Overall, Morgan Keegan had a very solid quarter, while slightly behind second quarter fixed income continued its record setting pace driven by institutional customers demand for government, mortgage backed and municipal securities. Private client revenues increased 6% versus the prior quarter, reflecting incremental improvement in the equity markets as well as the addition of new financial advisors. Both trust and asset management revenues improved link quarter, benefiting from strong markets, which drove customer and trust assets up 6% and 4% respectively. Lastly, new account openings continue to rise with the addition of 16,200 in the current quarter, bringing year-to-date new account additions to 64,500. Our progress in reigning and non-interest expenses continues to be masked by higher credit related and unusual charges. Third quarter reported expenses increased 1% linked quarter, adjusting for unusual items such as second quarter's FDIC special assessment, second and third quarter securities related impairment charges and third quarter's $41 million of branch consolidation charges, expenses were up 9%. This increase was tied to three areas: First, OREO costs were $37 million higher than last quarter driven by marked to update as appraisal value. Professional and FDIC fees also rose driven by higher credit related and other legal costs; partially offsetting these increases for lower incentive compensation as well as meaningful incremental account reduction driving $8 million or 1% improvement in salaries and benefits. Let me give you some specifics regarding our branch consolidation plans. We've got one of the most geographically diverse branch networks in the industry, which provides us with many opportunities for efficiency improvement. Based largely on profitability and proximity measures, we have identified 121 branches for consolidation. These branches which are spread throughout footprint will be closed in early 2010. In total, we reported costs of $41 million this quarter and we expect to realize net cost savings of $21 million annually. In addition to this 21 million, we have identified other core expense reductions of over $200 million. This includes personnel, occupancy, technology and other discretionary spending. Unfortunately, these won't be evidenced until product related expenses subside; but these measures making it more efficient and more effective. On the next slide, we show the quarter-to-quarter decline in core PPNR which largely reflects with just described higher OREO and professional fee expenses. While these costs are certainly something we'll have with us over the near term, they will moderate at some point in coming quarters; leaving a PPNR base driven higher by strengthening net interest income, solid non-interest revenue and efficiency initiatives. Turning now to the comparison of the SCAP results. If we straight line the SCAP results, one ace per quarter, we can compare very favorably to their stress case by just under $1.2 billion over the first three quarters. And looking at net charge-off loan versus the SCAP straight lined, you'll see that this quarter's net charge-offs were near the upper end of our range, but still far bellow the SCAP stress case. Switching to capital; this slide shows our strong ratios. Our Tier 1 Capital ratio now stands at 12.1% far in access of the regulatory minimum, while Tier 1 Common ratio is a very solid 7.8%. In conclusion, while we certainly don't want to go further the reported loss, it's important to recognize that in these credit driven factors, we are transforming Regions into a more efficient organization with good core earnings power. We're profitably growing our customer base and deepening our ties to existing customers. We stabilized our net interest margin and we're implementing initiatives that will further enhance operating efficiency and profit potential. As a result, we believe that when credit crunch return to more normal levels, Regions is poised for a significant profit rebound that will translate into attractive return for shareholders. So at this time, operator we'd like to open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, thanks. A couple of questions: One is on the asset sensitivity and if you could just help us understand the duration that you have for the loan book and the securities book and then just walk us through the NIM impact that you are anticipating from the front end of the curve going up versus front end of the curve potentially steeping; I'm just wondering what's more important for you?
Irene Esteves: We are expecting that our NIM is to going to be about flat and not have to do with our expectation that interest rates will not be increasing into the latter part of next year. But we do expect with that increase that our NIM will run substantially and you can see that in our 10-Q...
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Disclosure yeah, okay.
Irene Esteves: And what we have said is that our deposit pricing and loan spread improvement was beyond expectations which drove the 11 basis point increase this quarter, the roll off of our derivative portfolio which is about 7 basis points, this quarter it will be about 14 basis points next quarter. But our progress on deposit pricing in loan spreads has offset that.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And is there anything that you would do as we are approaching the second half next year as interested rates rise, as business off even more of a rate hike in the loan book or the securities book?
Irene Esteves: We are still very asset sensitive compared to our peers, but we think we are well positioned.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And then just other question on as we look out to what normalize earnings should be. Could you give us a sense as to where you think the organization can get to on a normalized ROA?
Irene Esteves: That's a difficult question, as you know; that the various moving parts and what timeframe we are looking at -- it would be difficult for me to answer that.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So I guess different way of asking the question is we hear a lot about what's going on with regard to pricing for different types of products and particular in the consumer space on insufficient funds and there is other kinds of regulatory changes that are going to be coming with capital, et cetera. And I guess what I am asking is, when you look at your business model and when you look at how your customer base is responding to what you are doing, do you feel that your going forward normalized ROA would be materially different from what you have been experiencing pre-crisis?
Irene Esteves: One thing to point out is that -- and if our history is quite different from the bank we are today given the history is legacy regions alone versus the combined and south regions banks that we are today in new regions. So it's difficult to compare to the past. But we certainly believe that there is tremendous upside as we roll-off these credit related expenses both in our loan loss provision as well as the credit related expenses buried in PPNR. Obviously, with the recession, our fee income is down significantly. Consumers are not transacting as much as they have in the past. So we see there is great upside there and as well as and our Morgan Keegan franchise. And as we mentioned earlier, the net interest income has upside as interest rates get back to more normal level. So here is certainly quite a bit of upside potential in that normalized numbers.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And just lastly on TARP repayment, could you give us an update on your views as to what kind of timeframe you are thinking about there?
Irene Esteves: Yeah. Obviously, what we're going to do what's prudent and shareholder friendly. There isn't any direct information on what it will take and when it'll be positioned to pay back TARP. But we are taking every action necessary to be prepared for that.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And are you holding some excess liquidity you think right now as the function of being prepared for that?
Irene Esteves: We have as I said, at quarter end we had, I think $6 billion that's now about $2 billion, but we have significant liquidity in our investment portfolio that we're able to budget at any moment.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Alright, thank you.
Irene Esteves: Sure.
Operator: You next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. I was wondering if you can elaborate a little bit on the 200 million of cost savings that you expect to get overtime. In terms of what's in the current run rate? When you expect to realize them? And a little more color on what's going to drive those savings?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: This is Grayson Hall. As Irene has said a little bit earlier, we've had an initiative underway literally for several months in terms of trying to generate expense reductions. And as Irene mentioned, we got a run rate -- we will exceed $200 million in '09 and we'll actually go north of that in '10. It is largely in staff reductions which is that Dowd has mentioned earlier, since the first year we're down 1700 positions. We continue to trend downward in staffing levels. We disposed a little over $800 million -- 800 million square feet of excess space. We will continue to reduce our space requirements probably by another 800 million within the next six months. And 800,000, I am sorry, 800,000 square feet, my apologies. We have roughly, as we mentioned 121 branches, that we'll consolidate; if you recall, we consolidated a little over 200 branches at merger. We've consolidated 12 already this year and we'll do 121 first quarter. We've literally looked at every single discretionary spending category from legal to travel and entertainment to telecommunications and we have reduced our discretionary spending in many categories in excess of 30%.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just separately with the tightening of credit spreads in 3Q, your OCI is now positive; what's the outlook for potential security gains in the fourth quarter?
Irene Esteves: We're not planning any major sales of those securities in the fourth quarter.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Alright, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Thanks and good morning.
Irene Esteves: Good morning.
C. Dowd Ritter: Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: First, just on the residential mortgage and home equity book, it looks like some of the credit quality metrics like delinquencies NPLs in these two portfolios were down and improved, while, and excuse me the credit quality metrics in these portfolios got worse, but on the other hand losses got better. I am wondering do you expect losses to kind of reverse and go higher in these two specifically, or can you kind of relate these two trend?
Barb Guidon: Yes Craig, this is Barb Guidon on the consumer side. And as we mentioned last quarter, if you recall in the earnings call we had noted that we had anticipated that our delinquencies within DP Down are 90-plus and the reason for that was because of things like income-tax returns and stimulus checks and we anticipate that they would go back closer to the first quarter levels which indeed they have moved up, but certainly they haven't even hit the first quarter levels. Of course with the 90-plus delinquency going down last quarter, one would anticipate that some of that as I mentioned would rollback into delinquency and another portion of course didn't rollback at all and impact here and its not the reason for the low in our charge-off.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Of course, it's purely seasonal.
Barb Guidon: Seasonal and of course the other kind that we think so is as we think about the consumer broker, it's highly sensitive to unemployment. We anticipate there will be pressure depending on what the economy then.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Well, Barb, talk a little bit about what we have already been through the portfolio and losses in going to the investor piece in the second lien?
Barb Guidon: Yes, as Dowd mentioned or Irene mentioned in the comments, we started off during the cycle with investors some of them known to us, some of them not known to us what I mean by investors is consumers who came in said, there are large purchase of property and turn around and use it as a rental property, as an example. So the underwritten differently, and they are priced differently. We also had other to back held those asset actually in turn and do that property as well. Those were the first that actually came through in terms of a wave of loses and a wave of delinquencies that was then followed by consumers with second homes who hang on as long as they could, but indeed turned around and said, I need to keep my first home, and therefore I need to return the second home to you or return the keys to you or at least let me do a short sale. And now we're working with generally, we only fill up some of the other two that generally is consumers that are in their primary homes that maybe want to stay in their homes and we're much more able to work with those consumers.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Got it, thanks. And just one question on really the NIM guidance was flat guidance in the fourth quarter. I am wondering, what moving pieces on the balance sheet is this dependent on, is this dependent on further expensive deposit shrinking, I am just wondering there?
Irene Esteves: It's a lot of it has to do with the deposit continues decline deposit costs, were also as we have loans coming up for renewal, we are improving the loan spread and also our mix up deposits is improving with much more and low cost deposits.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Irene Esteves: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Wagner (ph) of Central Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi Guys.
Irene Esteves: Hi, Peter.
Unidentified Analyst: I've got two questions. On the gross NPA inflows, I mean I am kind of eye balling the slide, but it looks like income producing CRE was around 650 roughly double the Q2 level. And maybe you can just give me a little bit of an indication as to whether that's being driven by regulators or how uniform the standards are in terms of when you move a cash flowing loan into NPA. And then also if you could just let us know kind of what the marks are moving that into NPA. I mean we in terms of overall migration into NPA you are giving us now kind of about a 50% mark in Q4; then it was 35, 25, where are we in this quarter. And also talked about restructuring those loans being a little bit easier because of the cash flow, what about disposing of them? Are you seeing liquidity for that type of NPA? And then my second question is on operating expenses, was to that about 1.24 billion in the quarter and even when I back out the restructuring costs and I back out some of the higher OREO which at some point is not going to be recurring. I took them up with a about a 1.15 operating expense level, which is kind of where you were trending in the first half of the year. But maybe you can take a stand on what the recurring level is, I mean if I use that 200 million of cost saves going into the next year and the year beyond, it gets me to kind of like a 900 to $950 million operating expense level, is that the right way to be thinking about it or it's not what's the right way to be thinking about it?
C. Dowd Ritter: Yeah let me first start on the credit, on the gross NPAs, what I would tell you first, our non-performing gross migration was down a little bit slightly this quarter. It was higher than expected really because of three things, share national down grades of $109 million that I and Irene mentioned, but when you look back, that was a very good story. And as you pointed out, there is a deterioration in the multi-family that was happened a little bit quicker than expected. And then we are still working, I going to get far to your question through the issue of a loan that is currently paying has agreed, that goes on non-performing that was about $225 million versus about a $169 million. So we're looking at it, you're seeing a more deterioration in the multi-family portfolio, when I look at the gross NPAs, what I am seeing is more positive efforts of bringing down our condo and homebuilder books, so you're seeing that. As far as the marks are going, when we did our first big disposition, the number you refer to was about 50%, remember that was some of our worse credits we dealt within the fourth quarter of 2008. First quarter is roughly in that 30-33% then last quarter we saw about 25% discount in that. The reason for that liquidity was not had not come really back in the market first month of -- I guess first part the quarter we just didn't see a lot of liquidity there. We started to see it picked up. At the end of the second quarter and as you can see from our sales, this continued in the third quarter. So our marks are about 33% for this quarter. So they are up a little bit. But part of that is just our ability to move some more products. So there is more liquidity coming back and we're dealing with strategic buyers instead of doing bulk sales and I think that why our marks have been holding very, very well. And I hope restructuring, what I would tell you is that 18 months ago when this company was facing land and condo and the homebuilder book, that was pretty tough to deal with. We didn't have that much restructuring opportunities although we did some, with the multi-family, any time you have cash flow, you have a better ability to restructure. So I feel better about looking what's ahead of it, while we still can't see what deterioration or pace would be; when I am looking at loan severity that gets into our ability to be able to restructure our credits.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: And then Peter, what I would also say about our asset disposition. Since 2009, we've disposed of over $2.3 billion. And we've had very active market in our sales this quarter. We did see the market move a little bit, as Dowd mentioned overall discount, we're also seeing or we're in the way of short sales which is the indicator in certain markets we're seeing values on properties begin to level out Barb, I think you've seen that on the consumer side as well.
Barb Guidon: Absolutely.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And on maybe Irene on the recurring operating expense line?
Irene Esteves: The operating expenses, besides the OREO, just looking at the quarter-to-quarter change; you'll also have to look at the professional fees including FDIC. And as far as ongoing as I mentioned we have a number of headwinds where you're not going to see that $200 million right away, because we have these other credit related costs like OREO, professional fees and reserving fund, funded commitments and are also in that line; that you're not going to see it immediately. It's the underlying improvement and the efficiencies so that you will see once credit related costs in our P&L have come back down.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, we can all make our guess as to when credit stabilizes and starts to improve. Again my question was, because I know there is a lot of moving parts in there. At that point whether its next year or sometime thereafter we're going to be in the sub $1 billion operating expense run rate if I'm hearing you properly. Just want to make sure I am hearing you properly?
Irene Esteves: Yes, that you are.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Mutascio of Stifel Nicolaus.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Irene, I was looking back on slide 22, your charge-offs, below the stress test level, perhaps I should think more accompanying that or not. It doesn't look like that you're going blow through your own stress test charge-offs by next quarter?
William Wells, II: Well this is Bill, when you look at that chart, what we are trying to do is what we and recognizing that when you do a presentation like this is not linear, but what you start to see is our still forecasting, believe that last quarter we said would be in that in the middle between the green and the blue line, as we don't do more and see a little bit more the deterioration in the multi-family, you're probably moving up a little bit, but well below where we see the blue line ending up. So I think you have to look that in some part it will peak and start to trend down.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay.
William Wells, II: That deals with the credit cycle. So I don't think you'd see it just going straight up quarter-after-quarter, you have to recognize one that we dealt with some of our most troubled credits earlier. We were dealing with land, condo and homebuilder and now you're dealing with a little bit of a multi-family portfolio. But it is more geographically dispersed, that what dealt within homebuilder and condo. So when I look at submarket I start to see about multi-family that gets a stress portfolio and you're seeing issues in it, but we are able to one restructure it, two it has lots of variety and it's more geographically diverse.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. If I can ask one follow up, as the your Union deal over the summer where we kind of see most, maybe you're seeing some stabilization in credit quality. Do you all envisioned greater than 20% increases in non-performing loans, 90 days past due and restructured loans this quarter. Is that within a room of stabilization or the things deteriorate in third quarter more than you thought that agreement will stay over in summer?
William Wells, II: Well, firstly, I think you have to breakdown the 90 days and I'm going to I'll talk about that. In the business services side, are actually a 90 days are down. We worked very hard quarter-over-quarter to get that number down and that gets into how our ability to restructure. What you see in the increase in the 90 days came out of the consumer services side and I believe we're also talking about trouble of that restructuring a little bit too. So, I'll let Barb speak to that.
Barb Guidon: Yeah. I'll go back and I won't repeat my comments, so with the seasonality of the book that's the reason I talk about second quarter over third quarter. And again as we have noticed previously, we thought it'd go back up to first quarter levels and we were presently surprised that its different. The other comment I would make with the other trouble debt restructures, you are correct, it moved to up to some 1.178 billion in the second quarter to a 1.460 billion in this quarter and anything we do on the consumer side will actually modify or change any of the terms of the loan, we actually call that loan as trouble debt restructure. And we have not as of yet, moved any of those troubled debt restructure back into our current portfolio.
William Wells, II: And also on the TDRs, remember that, very active customer assistance program that we have underway. So you're taken a customer, and you may change the interest rate which is still a pretty good interest rate and they are paying. So its again working with that customer to put amount though, it does have the same feel of a TDR, I used to see back in the 90s back on the commercial business services side.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. I think but in general the credit quality play out like you thought early in the summer or does it get worse in the quarter than you originally anticipated back at the Analyst Day?
William Wells, II: I would tell you that we always thought that non-performing would be up. I mean we have talked about that, well probably I saw a little bit more this quarter then anything with the pace of the multi-family coming in then what I anticipated.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. Alright, thank you so much.
G. Timothy Laney: Hey, Chris this is Tim Laney. Just to build on Bill's last point. When you look at land, condo and homebuilder and the rate of deterioration and the fact that that deterioration has decline it's very consistent with our internal forecast. And our confidence in estimating future deterioration and losses in this particular portfolio only continues to strengthen.
Christopher Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Thanks. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jefferson Harralson of KBW.
M. List Underwood: This is List Underwood, well I need to interject something. We have got a number of questioners remaining and to be able to get everybody in; if we could limit each questioner to just one question please.
Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I can do that. Let me ask you guys about the pace of disposition, do you expect that the pace of disposition is to continue at this billion dollar pace, or do you think it's going to decline from here?
William Wells, II: We're seeing more liquidity come back in right now, as Irene mentioned, we've already sold about $27 million since quarter end. We just had our sales managers in to work on selling this premium program and to continue to dispose the problem asset. And I'll let Tom speak a little bit about what he is seeing already.
G. Timothy Laney: Bill. Again, as Irene mentioned we had $27 million worth of sales in the first week after the quarter end. We stay focused. I certainly believe that our strategy signifies our overall approach to deal with these problems through very aggressive dispositions and sales programs. So I've seen that activity staying about the same or picking up.
Jefferson Harralson - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Alright, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phillip Gutfleish of Elm Ridge Capital.
Phillip Gutfleish - Elm Ridge Capital: Hi, I actually don't have a question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Al Savastano of Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Albert Savastano - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Good morning, guys. How are you?
Irene Esteves: Great.
Albert Savastano - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Just wondering on the NPL formation in the income credit portfolio; is there any of that driven by the 3.3 billion in non; especially underwritten portfolio. I mean is there any noticeable differences in that portfolio versus the remaining income credit portfolio in terms of performance?
C. Dowd Ritter: Could you say that one more time?
Albert Savastano - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Alright. The NPL formation in the income credit portfolio for the -- is any way driven by the non-professionally underwritten portfolio? And then the second part of that is there any difference in performance between that non-professional underwritten portfolio and the rest of income credit portfolio?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  Our business banking portfolio has been centrally underwritten. And again when you say it professionally I mean it is not a specialist and commercial real estate. But the growth is overall then holding up fairly well and I go back by looking at our past dues in general. What I am really seeing its coming income producing or some of the larger credits that really deal with lease up phase or whatever. So I would, Tim can speak to it.
G. Timothy Laney: Yeah, Al, as you would expect we are monitoring our income property portfolios very closely with the primary focus on multi-family and retail; when you bifurcate the small business and small commercial real estate portfolio from the professionally underwritten, what you see is a pretty descent granularity in both cases. In the business banking, you are talking about loans typically less than $1 million and in fact in the commercial real estate book, you are talking about loans with an average size that ranges from 3 to 3.5 million. So would emphasize the granularity and as Bill mentioned earlier in both cases, obviously, when you're talking about loans, for example contrasted with securities, in most of the cases here, we have recourse and some cases take-outs and greater flexibility and working with our direct borrowers.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  And it goes back to what Bill also said it was centralized underwriting, that smaller booking and what Tim said about granularity, if you look at the loan portfolio risk view in the supplement starting on page 23, you can see where the non-owner occupied and community and business banking are actually performing very well; excuse me -- it's page 15 in the supplement.
Albert Savastano - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edwin Groshans of Ladenburg.
Edwin Groshans - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Hi, guys I am almost done.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fitzsimmons of Sandler O'Neill.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill & Partners, LP: Good morning everyone.
Irene Esteves: Hi Kevin.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill & Partners, LP: Given, what you announced this morning in terms of the branch consolidation plan. Can you give us a sense, is this the end of a long process in terms of scrutinizing the franchise and we could say this is it for a while or are there further opportunities out there and this is an ongoing process. And I guess what I'm specifically getting at, there is always a little bit of speculation around whether you might do something with the Midwest part of franchise or you're not really a market share leader there, or does it makes sense to keep it or is it more something that you'd be looking to do something with? Thanks.
C. Dowd Ritter: Kevin, this is Ritter Dowd. Let me start off by saying, it is an ongoing process and if we're doing our jobs properly it'll never end. If one of that will go that we brought the two companies together to form this new Regions, and if you remember, the headcount at that time was almost 38,000 people and we said, we got $400 million in cost saves as the financial justification for the merger. You fast forward here about 15 to 18 months and we've got almost 800 million in cost saves and you come forward today, without these branch consolidations and we're down almost 900,000 employees in the company, 23% productivity as up at all time high, our customer service and quality metrics are at all time high. And the answer is it's something we'll never stop doing trying the compare our sales and find better ways to work smarter. The Midwest part of that question and particularly it does come up time to time. It is a small franchise for us, but it generates some very good profitability. And so, as we look at what would we do with it, always comes the question of how would you replace that revenue and so we'll never stop right sizing if you will the franchise, but as we look at that, it made no sense for a shareholder stand point to exit that.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler O'Neill & Partners, LP: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Hagerman of Collins Stewart.
Todd Hagerman - Collins Stewart LLC: Good morning, everybody. I've really a question for you in terms of pre-provision profitability numbers. How should we think about just in terms of the outlook, there you've talked about kind of a run rate of 450 to 500 million or so. How do we think about that given kind of the record results that have been posted in mortgage and Morgan Keegan as I start to think about 2010?
Irene Esteves: Obviously, we've got some benefit coming into the, with Morgan Keegan and our fee revenue as the cost comes out of its slump. But as I mentioned earlier, we also have some headwinds we do expect to have more foreclosures which will create more OREO expense. We continued to have growth in our professional fees as we mitigate and continue to go after getting our money back. So there are pluses and minuses as we look out and we think that we are going to continue our efficiency and effectiveness and considerations, but do have some headwinds in front of us.
Todd Hagerman - Collins Stewart LLC: Again, aside from the credit cost issue, most specifically talking about the revenue side, but you believe that with an improving economy that you are going to continue to see an increase year-over-year in terms of mortgage and the Morgan Keegan fixed income capital markets?
Irene Esteves: The testing with mortgage as we had very strong '09 right, with the rates coming down as much as we have. So while we made expect it to be a strong mortgage here, may not be as strong as '09 was. And with Morgan Keegan, we're continuing to see increased financial advisors come to Morgan Keegan or picking up new accounts all the time. So we're hoping that that overshadows any drag on the economy.
C. Dowd Ritter: Still in this environment, adding even though when I talk about productivity and you ask about efficiencies, we are adding headcount for more regional originators, because we deal a lot of our footprint, we are capturing the share that we should be. So we're still adding there, and it's our interest to we're still adding people at producers on the Morgan Keegan side. And so we will continue to do that.
Todd Hagerman - Collins Stewart LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Wolf of UBS.
Heather Wolf - UBS: Hi good morning. Just a quick follow up question on the commercial real estate non-accruals; I see roughly $350 million increase in that business services non-owner occupied non-accruals. How much of that comes from well established projects versus new projects?
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Most of it comes from projects that are coming out construction are in the lease up mode.
Heather Wolf - UBS: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Marinac of FIG Partners.
Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners: Yes, good morning. Could you clarify the point you made about the TDR's not being moved to current, does that mean that the net interest income -- the interest margin do not include approvals from the TDR's?
Irene Esteves: What I meant, they include it. What I meant by being move to current years, we will continue to capture to make sure that we cover debt restructures we do not since we moved into the current portfolio without attached TDR assignment against it.
Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners: Okay. But they're included as part of the margin and I calculate...
Irene Esteves: Yes, they are.
Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners: Okay, great. Thank you, very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of FTN.
Marty Mosby - FTN Equity Capital Markets: Good morning. Irene, I wanted to ask you about the net interest margin improvement to make sure, we have loan and deposit pricing that were kind of hanging or had on in the sense of producing the improvement. Had we done any of the incremental things or strategies to kind of extend that and take advantage some of the yield curve or any other strategies to help the net interest margin at this point?
Irene Esteves: Yes we have. We've taken some measures to improve our -- the short-term where we feel that the interest rates are going to stay flat for the next several quarters. So we've become less asset sensitive for the first for the next few quarters, but still leaving the upside potential in the back half. So we have taken measures there.
Marty Mosby - FTN Equity Capital Markets: And how much of the 11 basis points would you equate to the asset liability versus the pricing?
Irene Esteves: It's almost all pricing.
Marty Mosby - FTN Equity Capital Markets: Okay. Alright, thank you.
Irene Esteves: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Goldberg of Barclays Capital.
Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital: Thank you. I guess while down I guess the 1.7 billion addition to -- I guess is still big number and while I appreciate your comments seeing slowdowns in the land and constructions, all those are stuffed mitigated by your FDIC and up with the multi-family. Is there a kind of concern in next quarter, we are talking about office and retail and hotels and kind of get rolling kind of CRE inflows. And then just secondly, Dowd I think at our conference probably you alluded to the you told NPAs would decline in the back part of this year, early next year, is that still your view?
C. Dowd Ritter: Jason I'll take the second part and let someone take your first part. Our view has still not changed. The economy while everybody talks about green shoots, it continues to -- unemployment still increases. Who knows what the outlook will bring, but from what we see sitting here today our best guess is that our gross level of NPAs will indeed peak at the end of this year early first quarter, we still see that.
G. Timothy Laney: Jason to your first question, we should note that we only have 3.1 billion in office exposure, 1.6 billion in industrial and 1.1 billion in hotels. So we have already talked about our focus on multi-family and retail and the three numbers I just shared with you may help you draw your own conclusions on the other three. But, the message is low exposure in all three categories.
William Wells, II: And Jason, Tim is exactly right; when you go down to look at problem on this and even our forecasting. Just we've seen a few offices here and there, not any in particular in any market, but we have gone through there, a couple of hotels that they have been more isolated in that. I think, what Tim said is actually about exposure. What happened this quarter probably from where we were with you not long ago was a little bit more the pace in the multi-family portfolio that we saw. And what we've done on that is aggressively got our hands around it, dealing with it; much as we did with the land, the condo and the homebuilder. And I've got to tell you, I said this earlier, we go back 18 months ago. I'd rather be dealing with a multi-family portfolio where I have one its more geographic diverse. Two, I've got a lot of severity when I'm looking at that portfolio. And three, I've got cash flow which means I can restructure. So things that you're seeing are starting to transform but, we're in a much better position to deal with it. And there has been a lot of things talking about the company, but I'd go back and look at the 18 months how we dealt with problems identified early. Put action plans in place, but the right resources towards it and deal with our issues as they come before us. So someone asked earlier, is this playing out as I thought, yes it is. They might the parts might move around a little bit, but its got working out as we thought we'd see the portfolio.
Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Valentin of FBR Capital Markets.
Scott Valentin - Friedman, Billings & Ramsey: Thanks for taking my question. Just quickly, you mentioned the marks are improving on asset sales, I was curious, one how as make shift meaning less construction, higher severity and more lower severity multi-family and in comparison commercial real state, maybe you can give us an idea of the 27 million you've sold this quarter, how much of that is maybe the income producing commercial real state and where you're seeing marks there?
Tom Neely: This is Tom Neely. We sold income producing impaired assets this quarter. We had a $120 million of sales and I would say the majority of that is in the income producing. The marks are improving. Bill mentioned that if you have cash flow tied to impaired asset, it's A, easier to sale and B, you get a better price for it.
William Wells, II: And I would say going forward you're still going to see it, because we are seeing more the inflow coming in. We are going to be selling some of the income producing.
G. Timothy Laney: And that's continue in this quarter. as we have sold $27 million in the first week.
William Wells, II: And we go back and we're still seeing we have got four identified sales executives that are out there strategically meeting with strategic investors and we believe we will continue to push forward and do as well as we did last quarter in sales. That's correct.
Scott Valentin - Friedman, Billings & Ramsey: And so the 25% in the second quarter I mean I guess that the mark should be lower going forward as the mix of CRE increases is that correct implication or...?
G. Timothy Laney: That's correct. We mark each assets on merits and so we are seeing improved marks, if you compare in particularly with the homebuilder and the condo marks, that we were talking about at the beginning of the year.
Scott Valentin - Friedman, Billings & Ramsey: Thanks, very much.
Operator: Your last question comes from Carole Berger of Soleil Securities.
Carole Berger - Soleil Securities: Hi guys. I was just wondering and can you guys talk a little bit about your slide on appropriate reserve coverage. I am not sure whether that side makes me feel better or worse. Specifically, it looks like you have only quite two times results in the non-performance for the larger loans and are although you seem to have almost twice loans. And so -- and I suppose, I don't know whether you think about you know you've already tracked down the specific loans so much that with that amount of the coverage or you are loosing how much more on all other loans that you need a much higher coverage ratio. So could you...
C. Dowd Ritter: Carole, I am going to let Bill Wells to answer you, but the purpose of the slides is make you feel better.
Carole Berger - Soleil Securities: I know, I know that's why I asked the question.
William Wells, II: Yes, exactly right and you had a great point, because you know our initial, we bring a credit into non-performing, we take that initial charge. And one thing we haven't said is, we look at our valuation charges for the quarter about 85% or our first time valuation charges. So when I look at that specific analysis on the loans that's talking about a group of loans we've taken the charge in and we've gone through an individual reserve analysis, we have FAS 114 analysis and you're saying this is the amount of reserves that you had allocated toward it. What it shows is a pretty low, a pretty good amount of number against that reserve and then when you look at all other loans, when you see what you have, you start to say we have a high coverage of our reserve dedicated to that portfolio. And remember what we have talked about our shared national credit portfolio, our business banking and community banking that's certainly underwritten or as talked about consumer. So when you look at that other number, we see that's a very good number and we have a very good reserve.
Irene Esteves: And just to add to that the, the specific analysis loans I think you mentioned as, we take a significant mark on those loans as they come in NPLs and over the last several quarters it's been around 30-31%. So when you first initiate the loan, you have some equity in the deal. Then you mark that down 30% and now you have reserved another 20%. So we feel quite good about that reserve, so what is that leave for everything else. And that's a point is there is a lot there for everything else.
Carole Berger - Soleil Securities: So you are not suggesting that you need a lot more outside the others because you loose more on them?
Irene Esteves: I don't understand your question.
Carole Berger - Soleil Securities: While you have big reserves for all of the smaller loans, my question is, are you having much higher losses or do you not write them down when they go into non-performing, I am sure they are not?
Irene Esteves: The other coverage covers all loans, the other 90 billion of loans.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.:  That's the entire list of the company's loan portfolios, the point Irene was making on that slide.
Carole Berger - Soleil Securities: Okay. Thank you.
C. Dowd Ritter: Okay. Operator, if there are no other questions, let me thank you everyone for joining us this morning and we will stand adjourned.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your time. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dowd Ritter - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Irene Esteves - Chief Financial Officer Bill Wells - Chief Risk Officer Mike Willoughby - Chief Credit Officer Barb Guidon - Head of Consumer Credit List Underwood - Investor Relations
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler ONeill. Kenneth Usdin - Banc of America Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations quarterly earnings call. My name is Jennifer and I will be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participant phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood, before Mr. Ritter begins the conference call.
List Underwood: Thank you, operator and good morning everyone. We appreciate very much your participation. Our presenters today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dowd Ritter; and our Chief Financial Officer; Irene Esteves. Also joining us and available to answer questions are Bill Wells, our Chief Risk Officer; Mike Willoughby, our Chief Credit Officer; and Barb Guidon, our Head of Consumer Credit. Let me quickly touch on our presentation format. We have prepared a short slide presentation to accompany Irenes comments. Its available under the IR section of www.regions.com. For those of you in the investment community that dialed in by phone, once you are on the Investor Relations section of our website, just click on via phone player and the slides will automatically advance in sync with the audio of Irenes presentation. A copy of the slides will be available on our website shortly after the call. Our presentation this morning will discuss Regions business outlook and includes forward-looking statements. These statements may include descriptions of managements plans, objectives, or goals for future operations, products and services, forecasts of financial or other performance measures, statements about the expected quality, performance or collect ability of loans and statements about Regions general outlook for economic and business conditions. We also may make other forward-looking statements in the question-and-answer period following the discussion. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ is available from todays earnings press release, in todays Form 8-K, our 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009 and in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. As a reminder, forward-looking statements are effective only as of the date they are made and we assume no obligation to update information concerning our expectations. Let me also mention that our discussions may include the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these to the same measures on a GAAP basis can be found in our earnings release and related supplemental financial schedules. Now, let me turn it over to Dowd. 
Dowd Ritter: Thank you, List and thank all of you for joining us this morning for our second quarter earnings conference call. Earlier this morning, we reported the second quarter loss of $0.28 per fully diluted share, reflecting our actions to realize and provide for losses in Regions loan portfolio. Although, I certainly dont want to downplay the second quarters sizable credit cost and their bottom line effect. I do want to take for a minute about the fact that those costs are masking favorable progress on several fronts.   Our net interest income increased, our deposit growth remains strong. Our new account openings were at record level for the second consecutive quarter and our brokerage income rebounded. At the same time, we significantly strengthened our balance sheet, meeting the requirement to increase our capital buffer by $2.5 billion including adding approximately $2.1 billion of Tier 1 common equity and successfully fulfilling the regulatory stress test requirements. In fact with our total risk based capital ratio and an estimated 16.2%, our Tier 1 capital ratio with 12.2% and our Tier 1 common ration with 8.1% as of June 30, we would compare very favorably with our peers, and further strengthening our balance sheet are allows for credit losses was increased as of June 30 to 2.43% of loans.   Irene will provide more detail on second quarter results, but first I did want to spend a few minutes talking about some of the initiatives that are enhancing Regions earnings power as we continue to proactively de-risk the balance sheet. Providing excellent customer service and a broad range of quality products is at the core of our focus on building profitable client relationships and were experiencing very positive results.   In the second quarter, our average customer deposits were up 3% from the preceding quarter. Year-to-date June, 30 new retail and business checking account openings are higher about 29% and were a record 491,000 new accounts putting us well on track to achieve a goal that was set at the start of year of over one million new checking accounts, further confirmation of our efforts in this recent national recognition that weve received, the most important of which relates to our relationships with customers. A recent J.D. Power associate survey measuring customer satisfaction with their primary bank, Regions rates as the most improved retail buying passing 29 other banks in the ranking process. Also, in a recent Gallup poll, Regions ranked second highest among banks that were tested, when it comes to customer confidence and trust in your primary bank. Finally, just last month we were ranked as the number three of small business lender in the United States by the small business administration. From a customer profitability standpoint, were also making headway. For instance, you take our enhance risk adjusted loan and deposit pricing discipline, its notably improving spreads.  Our average interest bearing cost declined 24 basis points first to second quarter bringing the year-over-year drop to 54 basis points. Our loan yields are improving, reflective of the work that weve been doing to appropriately price risk into all transactions. As a result, weve been able to stabilize our net interest margin.   At the same time were working to diversify our revenue stream and enhance the fee based component. As an example, our mortgage business continues strong originating a record $3.1 billion in new mortgages this quarter. Were also more effectively leveraging our brokerage and insurance businesses with progress here exemplified by Morgan Keegan adding $1.4 billion in net new assets under management during the quarter bringing back year-to-date total to $3.1 billion in net new assets under management. Further, the growth in our customer base mention previously is helping to have service charged income, which increase 7% linked quarter basis. Expense control and productivity improvements are also key components for earning power enhancement. It was second quarter cause directly tied to revenue generation along with sharply higher FDIC premiums and securities related impairment charges, obscure the productivity successes that were achieving through extreme learning systems and processes and continuing to strengthen our performance management. All-in-all, we believe that were implementing some solid strategies to enhance Regions earnings power and ensure that the company not only successfully manages through todays difficult environment, but its well prepared to capitalize on the opportunities that an eventual economic recovery will offer. As I said earlier, attracting and retaining profitable customers is critical. One measure of our success today is a significant improvement that weve been able to achieve in our branch performance with customer loyalty been a critical component there. Since June 2008, this past year the number or Regions lower performing branches is measured by customer service and satisfaction scores, which are developed and tracked on a monthly basis by Gallup, have declined by 65% for our half performing branches have increase to 133%. Turning for a moment to credit quality, there is no doubt that the challenges are clearly not behind us, but we remain confident in our ability to deal with them and continue to take the actions to identify and address problems credits. Our stressed assets or world of finance and primarily relate to our $3.8 billion homebuilder portfolio. Our Florida home equity second liens and the condominium portfolio, which in aggregate well reduced another $554 million during this prior quarter. We will continue to manage these assets down. For instance, we expected by year end we will substantially eliminated our condominium exposure, which todays stand at $711 million, down from $2.2 billion just two years ago. Early problem assets identification along with early loss recognition has been and remains our focus. The majority of our loan portfolio continues to perform relatively well including commercial real estate. Nonetheless, non-performing assets continue to rise as Irene will discuss and credit costs are likely to remain elevated throughout this year and into 2010. The history of [Inaudible] turn around and credit quality will lag an economic turnaround, and while theres some signs that we maybe near to bottom of this recessionary economics cycle, we cant presume a near term rebound. Ultimately, there will be an economic recovery followed by an improvement in banking industry, credit quality and a decline in those related cost. When that times comes the earnings power and enhancement the regions is achieving will no longer be obscured by the outside loan loss provision and OREO costs, which in the second quarter alone combined to total $0.66 for fully diluted share. As a reminder our Institutional Investor Day is next week in New York on July 29, we will provide additional inside about our initiatives and talking much greater depth about why we feel Regions is increasingly well positioned for the future. With that let me turn it over to Irene.
Irene Esteves: Thank you, Dowd. Lets begin with the summary of results for the quarter, which the slight a loss of $0.28 per diluted share included several underlying strong positives. As shown on slide one, customer deposits continue to increase at a strong pace adding $2.5 billion on average linked quarter, driven by a pickup in the non-interest bearing deposits growth rate to 8%. Reflective of lower demand average loans were down across most categories. With respect to credit quality, net charge-offs increased to an annualized 2.06% of average loans from first quarter 1.64%. Reflecting ongoing weakness in the economy, housing valuations in particular, we also increased the allowance for loan losses by recording a $912 million provision, $421 million above net charge-offs. Non-performing loans excluding loans held for sale, increased $977 million primarily due to homebuilder and condo loans. Regions net interest margin steadied at 2.62%. Net interest income rose $22 million on a slightly larger earnings base, this is inline with our expectations and is evidence of the unfavorable impact of falling interest rates has largely work its way through our assets sensitive balance sheet. Non-interest revenue excluding certain items that Ill cover shortly increased 10% quarter-over-quarter, particularly benefiting from a rebound and service charges and brokerage revenue. Higher non-interest expenses were attributable to the increase and brokerage related incentives as well as higher FDIC insurance cost. Lastly as Dowd said, we bolstered capital fulfilling our $2.5 billion SCAP requirements. Our Tier 1 capital ratio is estimated at 12.2% and our Tier 1 common ratio now stands at 8.1%. Lets take a closer look at our earnings. This was a busy quarter with a number of items relating to our capital raise running through our P&L. So, let me take a moment to point these out. First, we booked $61 million pretax gain on the exchange of trust preferred securities for common stock. The gain effectively represents the growth discount to par on tendered securities. We also sold our remaining shares of Visa, recognizing $80 million pretax gain. In conjunction with our asset liability management strategies, other securities having book value of about $1.4 billion were sold at a $108 million pretax gain. Partially offsetting those gains with an FDIC special insurance premium assessment of $64 million pretax and $69 million in pretax securities related impairment expenses. Additionally, we booked approximately $189 million of leverage leased terminations income in the quarter, which is more than offset by $196 million related tax. These items combined for the quarter earnings element for this pretax, pre-provision, net revenue of $799 million. This core PPNR before unusual items was up 11% from the prior quarter. These strong results will offset by our loan loss provision, the preferred dividend expense and taxes related to leverage lease termination. Before covering some of these topics in greater detail, I want to spend a few minutes focusing on credit. Slide three shows our most stressed portfolios. Residential homebuilders, home equity second lien in Florida, and condominium, which dropped another $554 million in aggregate during the second quarter. These have been reduced by over one third since year end 2007.   Stressed assets currently comprise about 8% of the total loan portfolio, down from 13% at the end of 2008. This represents a $4 billion decline in the last six quarters. We have however, seen some signs of weakness in income producing commercial real estate lending, including loans secured by retail and multifamily properties. However, weakness in retail multifamily is not at the same velocity or loss severity as experienced in homebuilder and condo portfolios. Income producing property types will experience less loss severity due to the presence of some level of cash flow. Unlike unsold homes, plots, or condo.   Slide four, highlight the substantial progress weve made over the last several quarters and working down our homebuilder land and condo portfolio, especially in hard hit geographies such as Florida and North Georgia, where residential property values have suffered significant declines and unemployment levels are very high. For homebuilders overall exposure has dropped by $3.4 billion or 47% since the beginning of 2008. Our land portfolio some of which is the subset of the homebuilder balance has been reduced as well, dropping by $2.8 billion or 45% since the merger. Condo exposure continues to decline as well and is now $711 million in total, of which $400 million is in Florida where stress is most acute. We expect our condo book to reduce substantially through the rest of 2009 leaving only small portfolio by year end. The takeaway here remains the same, despite continued economic weakness in the materialization of difficulty in certain loan types. The composition of our problem credit hasnt materially changed. We are focused on resolving them and were maintaining the conservative credit discipline.   You may recall in the fourth quarter, brokerage and bank failures, government rescues and other market events all contributed to increase economic pressure. We recorded the provision substantially in excess of net charge-offs due to analyses of credit quality and the expectation of problem assets would migrate to nonperforming and ultimately lead to charge-offs. Actions by the fed and treasury brought some stability to the credit markets during the first quarter. As a result, we felt that a more moderate reserve build was appropriate at that time.   During second quarter of 2009, several factors contributed to the need to increase the loan loss reserves, but mainly we experienced the highest level of migration of commercial real estate into problem loan status and additions to non-accruals since the beginning of the downturn. The majority of these continue to be residential related CRE. Of note this quarter included $169 million of commercial real estate non-accrual, which are currently not behind on their payment. In addition, we saw an increase in nonperforming loans secured by income producing properties.  Unlike many of our homebuilder and condo non-performing asset, the loans that are current are secured by income producing project, which totaled approximately $356 million are much easier to restructure and return to accrual status. Loss content in these types of non-accrual is smaller then the levels we have experienced in homebuilder and condo credit. We fully expect to return a substantial portion of these to accrual status. Consistent with the lower loss content of some of our new non-performing loan, the coverage ratio or allowance for loan losses to divided by non-performing loan declined to 0.87 times at the end of the second quarter. Our period and allowance for credit losses of 2.43% of loans reflects our resolving methodology, which includes constant consideration of the stress and problem loan migration and an appraisal process that ensures weve accurate values even in our declining market. This slide gives you some perspective on credit costs, which we have to find here as net charge-offs plus other real estate losses and held for sale gains and losses plus any provision over net charge-offs. In total these costs were $939 million or $0.66 per deluded share in the second quarter, compared to first quarter $0.40 per share or $446 million. Stress portfolios continue to explain the bulk of loan losses. Accounting for $202 million or 41% of the second quarter charge-off, while the asset account for only 8% of our portfolio. Florida, were unemployment has reached double digit threshold remains a drive of losses. A peak in loan losses will normally lag in economic recovery. So, Regions net loan charge-offs are likely remain the elevated to over next several quarters given overall economic weakness including unemployment, which is still an upward trend nationally as well as in our footprint. Slide seven, gives you details on non-performing asset increases for the quarter. As you can see second quarter NPAs were higher than the first quarter and went to large extent driven by further migrations of home builder and condo credit. However, the addition of currently paying loans as well as the higher improve loan secured by income producing properties, as I mentioned earlier were also drivers. Moving away from credit, average loan balances were down slightly linked quarter without categories decline expect commercial mortgages, which reflects the migration of completing projects from the construction category. The drop in commercial industrial loans reflects runoff of dealer floor plan loans, as well as lighter demand. Impacting both commercial and commercial real estate, we did fund approximately $2.2 billion, variable rate demand notes during the latter part of the quarter, but this had relatively little impact to the average balances shown here. On the consumer side, while down from the first quarter residential first mortgage production activity remain solid as refinance activity continued with still attractive mortgage rates. Much of this production is sold in the secondary market. The other consumer category, which consists mainly of indirect auto lending, continues to shrink since this portfolio is being exited and has been a lot of note for several quarters now.  Slide nine shows the positive change in our deposit funding base since last quarter, driven by consumer strong customer deposit growth especially checking and money market accounts. Notably, since third quarter 2008 average customer deposits have risen $9.6 billion or 11%. Clearly, introduction of new consumer and business checking products and money market laid off are paying off. Importantly interest rate deposits group for the third consecutive quarter with growth accelerating to $1.5 billion this quarter. Savings balances were up again as well evidence of a cultural shift and consumer assessments with respect to spending and savings. Not only that the addition of no cost or low cost funding help drive down interest expense over the longer term is also stable source of funding. A slide 10 shows the pickup in customer deposit growth coupled with modestly declined loan balances as lead to shortly improve deposits for loan ratio 98.5% a quarter end. As a result, we have no exposure to overnight wholesale market and have minimized the use of government funds. As expected the second quarter net interest margins set it at 2.62% benefiting from continued low cost deposit growth, especially in the non-interest bearing products and improving loans spread due to better pricing discipline offset somewhat by the impact of the excess equity position we assumed in anticipation of the announcement of the SCAP results in May. Excluding the impact of the excess liquidity, the net interest margin would have improved six basis points versus last quarter. All in taxable equivalent net interest income increased.3% linked quarter. Notably, a primary headwind for net interest income over the past few quarters post by dramatically falling interest rates has largely worked its way through our numbers. Trends in deposit pricing and loans spread should continue to support a stable net interest margins during this period of historic low interest rates. Reported non-interest revenues were significantly higher then the first quarter, excluding the unusual items for both the first and second quarters non-interest revenues were up about 10% linked quarter. Most of out fee based revenue lines post again to first and second quarter with service charges and brokers revenue especially strong. Service charges up $19 million of 7% benefited from a high level transactions, new account growth and seasonal factor.   Brokerage revenues were up significantly, compared to the first quarter of $46 million or 21% driven by the strong fixed income results and improved equity market environment, partially offsetting the strength in other fees, mortgage revenues loss still solid drop $9 million from the first quarter, but $64 million theyre almost double our fourth quarter 08 level. Despite somewhat higher mortgage interest rates, origination volume claimed to record $3.1 billion from first quarter $2.8 billion with refinance activity representing 76% of origination down from the first quarter level of 84%. The key driver of brokerage income is Morgan Keegan. So, lets take a moment to review their results. Reflecting improved deal flows, second quarter fixed income capital market revenues will robust this quarter increased in 14%, as compared to already strong first quarter. Also contributing the fixed income division revenues, this group has played a major role in underwriting government sponsored debt. Ranking 15, in overall volumes and ranking third in the numbers of issues underwritten during the quarter. Equity capital markets are also showed strength as revenues were more than double out of the first quarter. Drivers here include a greater number of transactions as well as a healthy contribution from our newly acquired revolutions partners. Improved market conditions including increased evaluations levels, led to a pickup in private client trust and asset management division revenues.  Weve also sustained momentum with respect to new account openings, which were over 48,000 of the first six months of 2009, this compared to 38,000 in the six months of last year. New asset inflows also continue to upper trend increasing by $3.1 billion year-to-date. Turning to our non-interests expenses, it increase 4% linked quarter. During second quarter as earlier mentioned $64million special FDIC assessments and $59 million securities related impairment charges. Morgan Keegan related incentive in a higher level of regular FDIC premium expense largely explain the quarterly rise in overall core costs. Also during the quarter, we incurred the $69 million of other than temporary impairment charges on investment securities that I described earlier. We remained focused on reigning in discretionary costs and improving productivity. For the full year, we are still targeting at 2% to 4% reduction in our core non-interest expenses. Switching to capital, this slide details how we successfully fulfilled the SCAP requirements, primarily through the issuances of new common and mandatory convertible equity. Our Tier 1 capital is now $6.9 billion in access of well capitalized minimum. Here, we show you how we have performed versus the assumptions used in the stress test by the regulator. To-date, we are tracking better than SCAP at $1.1 billion with the majority of the out performance coming from the loan loss provision. This slide shows our significantly strengthened capital ratio. Our Tier 1 capital ratio now stands at 12.2%, while Tier 1 common ratio is 8.1% up approximately 160 basis points linked quarter and both of these ratios are more than twice a regulatory minimum. In summary, Regions offers a strong investment thesis. We have a formidable franchise, with strong share and attractive market. We benefit from the outstanding diversification and contribution provided by Morgan Keegan. We are growing customer accounts and deposits, while improving service quality. Our earnings power continues to improve from a more disciplined approach to loan and deposit pricing, enhanced performance management, diversified revenue stream, and ongoing cost containment effort. Credit quality remains a challenge for Regions and the industry, but we are pleased with the actions that we have taken thus far, not only reducing problem exposures, but in terms of changes we have made in strengthening our credit processes.  Lastly, our capital levels are strong, providing us with a solid foundation to navigate the remainder of the recession and to take advantage of opportunities as the industry emerges from the current cycle. With that operator, were ready to take any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Thanks and good morning. First I just wanted to discuss the sequential pickup in NPAs and more importantly the net inflows of NPAs. Was this more mostly driven by the natural seizing of the credit cycle, probably a lot in Florida or did management take a more proactive stance in downgrading problems credits in light of the higher capital levels.
Bill Wells: What I would say is that we continue to see stress coming out of Florida and Georgia portfolios primarily the story that weve been saying for a period of time, which was the residential homebuilder of the condo portfolio, as well as the second lien home equity, continued to see stress in that and just FY, thats the old legacy east region that was based out of Georgia that also went down in Florida, so we continue to see stress come in that portfolio. Also this time we saw a little bit more increase in our income producing commercial real estate. We had signaled a couple of quarters earlier about commercial real estate retail as being an item we are watching, and then also weve been watching a little bit of the multi-family now. That number was only about $160 million movement this quarter. So, when I looked at the quarter for increase in non-performing loan, it really comes in from those stressed portfolio and continue to see deterioration in which has been expected and then we saw a little bit movement in the income producing. Also as Irene has mentioned there is some loans that as we look at those they are currently current paying as agreed, but there is some question about the continuing of that movement, and we believe that they are restructured or strength the credit will be able to bring those back on accrual. I think we see just a continuing by this company to recognize its problems and to deal with those on a consistent basis and Mike do you have anything you want to add to.
Mike Willoughby : I think thats right Bill if you take the income producing and the credit that are paying current we have on our accruals about $330 million and than we had over $400 million that were out of homebuilder and condo portfolios, so thats the best both of our net increase in non-performing loans.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse: Got it, and then you mentioned the deterioration in multi-family and retail. When I look at your net charge off breakout I dont see deterioration of construction on a charge off side may be NPLs is telling a different picture. Could you quantify the deterioration in these two groups?
Dowd Ritter : Well we have not seen the charge offs come through on those portfolios, we are just start to see as we would identify problems and our determination would be that it is more prudent to put them on a non-accrual status and also one thing that Irene has mentioned earlier as we see the movement of this portfolio one you dont have the loss severity that we saw in our land and condo book. Thats really the first thing that I think about and two when I go back and look at the income producing movement, I dont see at any particular shape or form in one geography its kind of spread out and I think its just overall the more of stress of the recession impact in these portfolios. As opposed to what we saw really coming out of our land and condo book which is really a Florida and Georgia story.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse:  Were those series loans that you moved into non-accrual this quarter or they part of the 90-day plus bucket last quarter, the 30 to 89 day or were they denied delinquent at that point, a good part of them. 
Dowd Ritter : There could be some that were in but the 90 days bucket from last quarter we had some that we knew we are going to back all of those we thought we are going to condo non-accrual or we would have put them on non-accrual, some of them perhaps one or two did but the vast bulk of over 90s last quarter got redone and are current today.
Bill Wells : Craig one thing I would to say, I am glad you brought the 90 days, we worked extremely hard on focusing on that bucket of loans and getting that number down.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: I just wanted to follow up on the NPA in flow question here. I mean how any guesses on where they go from here, obviously it increased a quite a bit. So, we expect still need for increases from stabilization, any guesses in next couple of quarters?
Bill Wells: One thing that I would say, first that I always keep in mind, were looking at the portfolio, our stress and we talked about that most of the movement has been coming out of our residential home builder, as well as our condo book. Irene talked a little bit earlier about our overall reductions in our exposures in those portfolios, but just I was going through numbers when we take Atlanta, North Georgia and Florida and the homebuilder and condo side, size of the portfolio. At the end of the 07 it was about $4.5 billion book. As of the end of the second quarter that is now under $2 billion. So, you seen a lot of hard work getting that exposure down, while were going to continues to see some stress on our portfolio, were starting to see a little bit of it coming in the income producing. We dont see at the same rate as what we experienced over the past 15 to18 months on the land and condo book. So, its little bit hard to gauge about were we think the non-performing levels will go. What I can always say is weve taken very solid identification resolutions steps to work those problems credits down as quickly as we can.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Continue to ask different way here. I can appreciate the loss content will probably be less on whats being added now versus earlier in the cycle. Given your strong capital, I think decent loan loss reserves here and you have more flexibility to sell from these problem assets? Is the market openings up at all? 
Bill Wells: Very much, when you got some type of the income stream, youre going to get a better source or better price on that and when I was going back looking for the cooer, we probably moved or marked well over $150 million in asset. One thing that we saw back in the fourth quarter yet kind of put this in perspective of the company, we took a pretty big strategy of marking down a good bit of our non-performing assess and that was on an average mark of about 50% discounts. Last quarter, I would say the mark was around 30% to 33% and as we see in them assets moved and what we call held for sale is that about 25% mark. So, it goes back to which I dont think a lot of people have understood. Weve got a lot of our worse credits behind us, that was ours intent in the fourth quarter, yes we are seeing on non-performing loans go up, but were trying to work through those.  Again I think, Ill see it, when we see it in our marks. As weve said Mathew, were gaining about what we made on those marks. So, were coming in pretty good and what we had initially valued at.
Dowd Ritter: I just add there that the idea of selling notes versus foreclosing is more attractive of those states that have judicial foreclosure process. So, in Florida it takes a very long time to get to foreclosure. Its more attractive.
Bill Wells: I also would say weve been selling assets for about six to seven quarters now and we built our own centralized unit and they are bringing consistency to the process. We are strategic seller. We do see that there is a little bit more liquidity coming back in. I would say it moved out in the first quarter, starting to come in a little bit on the second quarter. So, that is something that we think will help us and moving some of this problem assets in the latter part of the year.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Then just separately, couple of questions here. Bit of a clarification, the mandatory convert that you did. Is that included in the Tier 1 common from 8.1%. I guess I thought it would be, but there was a table in the back of your supplement backing it out. So, just remind us how that accounted for?
Irene Esteves: Sure for SCAP purposes it was included as Tier 1 common, because its mandatorily converted on December 2010, but in our actual it doesnt count as Tier 1 common yet.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Okay, its not at 8.1 now, but if we rollout a year and half or so, wed add that 25 basis points impact?
Irene Esteves: Correct.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler ONeill.
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler ONeill.: I was wondering if I know you discussed commercial real estate and the stress you are starting to see in retail and multi-family. I was wondering if you can give a little color on it also looks like the non-accruals went up linked-quarter, noticeably in CNI and owner occupied CRE, and I am wondered if you can address that by whats driving that neither by loan, by industry or by geography and then, just second, if you can address what you are seeing early stage delinquencies doing at 30 day to 89 day past due. Thank you.
Dowd Ritter: Let me try to answer that the CNI the owner occupied book is very widely dispersed and the results that you asked about, there is no particular concentration in that area. One thing that to bear in mind, I think too around the CRE portfolio, in particular, but all of credit portfolio, if you remember, the federal reserve issued its stress test results on Regions and the other 19 banks that went through that.  Their conclusion was that $9.2 billion in charge offs for 2009, 2010 cumulatively is the right number of Regions and Bill had eluded earlier to back that we have been aggressive to sellers and disposers of problem assets in the third and fourth quarter of last year and because of the way the stress test was put together, it was 2009, 2010 and what are we brought into the beginning of 2009 you just had impacted into consideration in that. We did our own stress case and expected case for 2009, 2010 cumulatively and I want to be clear about what these numbers are. This would be where you take the expected loss in each quarter and add them all up, so the debt was $9.2 billion on a stress basis. Our stress case was $5.9 billion and our expected case was $3.4 billion. If we were to go the end of 2010 and look back, wed expect cumulative losses to be between the $3.4 billion expected case and a $5.9 billion stress case. So, thats kind of our view on where we think we are going to be looking back at the end of 2010 and its consistent with the comments around some of that the new migration in the form of income producing properties that we think will have less loss content, that really arent part of the loss story today.
Bill Wells:  What I want to say we looking at C&I own our occupied really offer rates C&I loan I mean that whats you are looking at it for the cash flow of the individual. I dont think we need to think from a particular geography of product in those and the good story that we had in the overall past dosage, our team works past dosage very, very hard and you can see that in the ninety plus number two, so there is no trend that we seen in our thirty plus or between the 30 to 89 day past numbers.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kenneth Usdin - Banc of America 
Kenneth Usdin - Banc of America: Just want a comment to reserve adequacy and provision expense following on to your last point there about expected loss so I just want to understand how much you may had already written-down as far as the additional NPAs you are bringing in you are giving a sense of what you had already have in you at reserve as par as partial write-downs on the portfolio?
Bill Wells: Ken what we do is our reserve methodology is place over the past several past quarters, very consistent, very discipline and what I would to say is that we start with basis of looking at credit right now $2.5 million that we think the stress and we look at from the past of 14% perspective. Then we look at the migration profit loans and there may get into the so as we go through that we look at what our losses will be for that period of time trying to see what they expected loans with the we dont go through there and look for category of how much loans we taken in the previous what that does account for the balances that you have go to your methodology, that how we account for any charge down that we may have had.
Kenneth Usdin - Banc of America: Can you give us some color on what last content you already captured in this spoken NPAs especially this additional billion that hit or the one seven of addition you did this quarter.
Mike Willoughby: If you look at our range slide seven there is actually at slide six there is a valuation loss line on that and youll notice that we took $129 million in value charge this quarter up from the 92 we did last quarter and what that is we go out for non-accruals better in market of concern we should be Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, we have that on the every six months cycle. So, whats driving those value charges and time to get to the answer to your question, each quarter we look what new appraisals we brought in we review them we make sure that we think the assumptions are appropriate and I have to tell you at this point and the this cycle we had been through as much as we have for very careful and conservative about values and we take that final approve number and we take the charges. In addition to that in our reserve methodology and Bill talk about this, we also looking every non-accrual over $2.5 million, under FAS 114 and we assigned a specific reserve. If you think about in this way, we reserve one quarter, the next quarter we get a new appraisal and we actually take the charge.
Dowd Ritter: Also on the valuation charges, if you look quarter-over-quarter I would say we were at $90 million. Last quarter we bumped up a little bit, but a higher percentage of those are the first time movement of non-accruals coming thing. Id say 93% of those evaluation charges. So, what it means is as I look at it, as were looking at various loans, were taking the appropriate charges at that time.
Kenneth Usdin - Banc of America: So, the question I guess then is the losses that are still bit of trail this provision expense build. So, is it fair to say that you guys expect just a net amount of charge-offs to be going up as we go ahead for several quarters at least? As the charge-offs lag their reserve build. How much catch up that we still have to see ahead of us, before there is a stabilization of provision expense and charge-offs?
Dowd Ritter: Well Mike had alluded earlier in a comment that we have as our best case that it come out and looked under a stressed environment versus a base case. We think were going to continue to see charge-offs coming further, but not to the level that what has been reported by the Federal Reserve or even some of the analysts. So, there is going to be continued stress coming through the portfolio, we recognized that and as we go through that, were going to be looking at the reserve methodology and make sure that the reserve is at an appropriate amount.
Kenneth Usdin - Banc of America: Last quick thing, can you tell us just what factors you really changed in your methodology? Was it severity? Was it a change to a more recent loss experience? What are the fact three is not just the overall economic change that you did allude to earlier, but what are specific factors that youve changed in your modeling?
Dowd Ritter: What I would tell you, there is two things to that. The FAS 114 that weve talked about, which are the big specific reserves are non-accruals and theyre just what they are each quarter. Then you have the FAS 5 piece, which I think as what you are asking about, where we break the portfolio down into a number of subsets. We re-look the factors each quarter, we did change factors as you would expect in an environment like right now and that will continue frankly until through this cycle and were back in a period of relative stability in terms of loss content.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: I guess coming back to the NPL inflows and I dont want to beat a dead horse, because I realize everyone asked this already, but the $1.75 billion number is just ticker shock to a lot of investors. I think the question we always keep trying to understand is whether that number in the second quarter is meant to be a little bit of a getting ahead of the problem, cleaning out some of the pipeline, and that all else being equal NPL inflows would moderate from here or whether that just the new run rate and the outlook really just depends on what the economy and the housing market does in your geography from here?
Mike Willoughby:
,: I would also consider to look at the portfolios that have been more stressed the overall balance are coming down over the period of time one thing weve like to say is we are moving out of raw materials we just dont have as much coming through as I mentioned earlier about the significant decline in the Florida, Georgia residential and condo book. Then I would say well yes your are seeing a little bit of movement and your income producing properties, but when you think it about the reserve methodology and charge offs they are not gone be at the loss severity that you see or that we have experienced before. So I think you start to see a little bit of change in the portfolio that you would expect during this economic cycle that we are in right now.
Dowd Ritter: Id just added of that; if you look at slide seven and you walk down through that look at the payments loan, $116 million, thats up from $56 last quarter, and its suggested over the fact that we had more opportunities to do work outstand than we did when we were almost exclusively broken condos and homebuilder. I also point to the line right under that, which says return to accruing status; $10 million was the amount return to occurring status and if you were add up all five quarters, you would see that weve returned a cumulative amount of $116 million from non-accrual to accrual. Its a very small amount and particularly in the context of what we put on non-accrual of this quarter after charge offs and all of these numbers.  We had $330 million of income producing or paying current and a chunk of those will be candidates for re-accrual, in part or in whole in the next quarter or two. So I think youve began to see differences in the makeup of our non-accrual book.
Mike Willoughby: Brian, I call what you said a sticker shock. I mean as were going through this, one of the things that we are trying to do is identify the issues early on. We believe that it is kind of corner stone of our process; identifying early on, put dedicated resources to them and then where possible, strategically sell these assets.  Its worked well for us in the past, we will continue to do that and that is one thing that I think you should see as the strength of the company and as we come through this economic cycle, our whole goal has been to bring a strong disciplined credit focus. Youve seen that in our moratorium that we put in place, youve seen in the reduction of balances and thats what we want to have to position this company for when the turn around does come, that we can take full advantage of that opportunity.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: If I could ask one follow up on the adjusted pre-provision schedule. It is helpful and it kind of frames the issues that how variable its been and some other recent improvements that weve seen back towards the $500 million per quarter level. Any kind of guess or frame work you can give us for thinking about what a normalized level of pre-provision income would be and how long it might take to get there?
Irene Esteves: The purpose of that schedule was to get you to normalized pre-provision net revenue. So, its from that base that were looking at initiative that we talked about as far as building our customers relationship and our customer service that will build that core PPNR line.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: So, $500 million run rate today and hopefully some growth going forward from some of these initiatives youre talking about?
Irene Esteves: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus: Question I know, if you tell on that credit quality, I dont want to deliver the point. Can you give the average write-down you had on the income producing CRE, NPAs in the quarter and the view that losses on the income producing portfolios being less than other CRE portfolios. Will that continue to whole true if indeed, we see on employment rates raise and therefore vacancy rates start to increase?
Mike Willoughby: Right now, those are not part of the loss story, as of this quarter that part of the non-accrual story, but not part of a loss story. I think the question, Im sure that eventually there will be losses out of there. I cant tell you at what level. Right now, were looking at both of those portfolios that would be multifamily in retail and signed our self. The loss content is not the story. The non-accrual increased is way under where we ever got with homebuilder or condo. So, right now they are both; I would say were watching them very closely, havent seen anything yet on the charge-offs of these.
Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus: I want to ask one question on the earning assets for the quarter, the other earning asset line item, whether for the $4 billion in the quarter. What was that attributable to and is that sustainable level?
Irene Esteves: That was just our excess reserves.
Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus: Will it be maintaining at $9 billion rate going forward, what would think?
Irene Esteves: No, were actually out of pass as of now. So, well see that excess reserve comedown to about $5 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital.
Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital: Just I want to make sure and there is still something, in terms of I think you said earlier that under your base case you saw at $3.4 billion of net charge-offs over the next 09, 10 and $5.9 billion in your stress and you are in thinking towards the middle of that, which I guess with the $4.7 billion?
Barb Guidon: Jason, what I would say is as you go through and remember that its done in the first quarter in conjunction of looking at our portfolio, well continue to update that this we go forward. $5.9 billion is that the very top end of where you see based on continue deterioration in the economy are unemployment. What were saying is, somewhere in there, youll see it peak and start to roll down hopefully into the latter part of 2003 and what Mike just saying on a average, youll think youll see somewhere in between there.
Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital: So, then I guess in fact $450 million in charge-offs and so an average of $450 million charge-offs over the last couple of quarters, so look to that number to step up to the six in a quarter, $650 million area?
Mike Willoughby: Jason, we had $390 million the first quarter, $425 million in the second quarter and youll probably see at move off again as we talked about stress in the portfolio. Were updated as we go forward its vary, I think youve seen a number of people say, its very tough to determine, where our loss is go on burn our best estimates that we are right now. You will start to see losses continue to arrive.  I believe Irene had mentioned that in her presentation to, but we dont think that we are at this point and was something else dramatically happens within our portfolio and the economy will operate within at the end of 2010 will be those numbers.
Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital: I guess secondly, I believe conference earlier this year you guys made the comments that result NPAs should not fall below 100% and I understand some of the new ones there but now are kind of operating close to 60 and its sound like NPAs continue to trend higher
Dowd Ritter : Jason we did we also said that was kind of ruler bond that you looked at you really go above how your methodology bills quarter-after-quarter and one think I think you have to take it consideration as you go through that is that one we do have the loans that are right now that are current that we have some question about of there ability to continue paying and then also on the income producing you see that some of these will not have the loss severity. So, while it is rule of affirm it is not necessary how you drive your methodology in your pro-provisioning and I think your number you said 60% I think it is really about 87% and then if you put that kind of current in their you are getting close to about 93% 94%. So, again it is something that you looked at, but what we do in this company is power our consistent methodology that is proving through for us over a number of quarter during the good times as well as the bad times.
Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital: Then just lastly it is look like a your Florida second lien home equity book is up about 10% since I guess 04 you may please talk about just expand in terms of what you are seeing that in terms of severity and of those lines now and utilizations and the like.
Irene Esteves: The utilization rate has stayed about the same in the 50% range overall and what weve seen in terms of Florida, Floridas continuing to trap our results. If we look at Florida from the loss perspective of the second lean, it represents 64% of our net charge offs and only 23% of our balances. If you look at the other states that we have, its gone up a little, but they stayed relatively well behaved.  In terms of overall balance you did note that we have gone up since the fourth quarter of 07. We have come down in the last three quarters in term of our balance however, and we are going to continue to see that go down. Again we follow Reg-G very closely as to customers that we cant shut lines down on and again, customers who use their lines dont fall into a distressed type of customer and therefore we keep their line open.
List Underwood:  Operator this is List Underwood. I think we have time for one more question.  Operator I think we must have lost some of those last questioners, why dont we go ahead and with that conclude the call. Thank you every one for joining us.
Operator:  This concludes the question-and-answer portion of todays call. Ill now turn call back to Mr. Ritter for any closing remarks.
Dowd Ritter: Alright everyone, as we said earlier, I dont know what happened to this route here being after 11, something must have happened at the hour, but thank you everyone for joining us and well stand adjourned.
Operator:  This concludes todays Regions Financial Corporations quarterly earnings call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dowd Ritter - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Irene Esteves - Chief Financial Officer Bill Wells - Chief Risk Officer Mike Willoughby - Chief Credit Officer Barb Guidon - Head of Consumer Credit List Underwood - Investor Relation Officer
Analysts: Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus Kevin St Pierre - Bernstein Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners Greg Ketron - Citigroup Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Ken Usdin - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations quarterly earnings call. My name is Abigail and I will be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood before Mr. Ritter begins the conference call.
List Underwood: Thank you, Abigail and good morning everyone. We appreciate your participation on a very busy earnings day. Our presenters this morning are Dowd Ritter, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Irene Esteves, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us and available to answer questions are Bill Wells, our Chief Risk Officer; Mike Willoughby, our Chief Credit Officer; and Barb Guidon, our Head of Consumer Credit. Let me quickly mention our presentation format. We have prepared a short slide presentation to accompany Irenes comments. Its available under the IR section of www.regions.com. For those of you in the investment community, that dialed in by phone, once you are on the Investor Relations section of our website, just click on via phone player and the slides will automatically advance in sync with the audio of Irenes presentation. A copy of the slides will be available on our website shortly after the call. Our presentation this morning will discuss Regions business outlook and includes forward-looking statements. These statements may include descriptions of managements plans, objectives, or goals for future operations, products, or services, forecasts of financial or other performance measures, statements about the expected quality, performance, or collectability of loans and statements about Regions general outlook for economic and business conditions. We also may make other forward-looking statements in the question-and-answer period following the discussion. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ is available from todays earnings press release, in todays Form 8-K, and in our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2008. As a reminder, forward-looking statements are effective only as of the date they are made and we assume no obligation to update information concerning our expectations. Finally, let me also mention that our discussions may include the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these to the same measures on a GAAP basis can be found in our earnings release and related supplemental financial schedules. I will now turn it over to Dowd.
Dowd Ritter: Thank you, List. We appreciate all of you joining us for Regions first quarter earnings conference call. As we announced a little earlier this morning, Regions earned $0.04 per fully diluted share in the first quarter, a recovery from our fourth quarter 2008 loss. Were extremely pleased with this quarters strong deposit growth in account production as well as our account retention and continued progress on the credit front. During the quarter, we continued to de-risk the balance sheet aggressively dealing with problem credits, and at the same time improving our tangible common equity to assets ratio to 5.41%. Our Tier 1 capital ratio remains strong at an estimated 10.37%. At the same time, we remained firmly focused on serving our customers needs, making approximately $15.7 billion in new and renewed loan commitments during the first quarter of 2009. We originated some $2.8 billion in residential mortgages, reaching the highest quarterly level in the companys history, and resulted in a doubling of mortgage income to $73 million versus the prior quarter. Additionally, we opened over 243,000 new retail and business checking accounts, a record quarterly amount, while the ratio of checking accounts opened to those closed improved 26% compared with the same period a year ago. These results drove a 4% increase in both low cost and customer deposits. Morgan Keegan continued to demonstrate growth, adding more than $1 billion in new assets under management during the quarter. Furthermore, we are providing these and all customers with great service. In 2008, we focused our quality performance activities on improving the customer experience and the results thus far have been outstanding. Our recent customer satisfaction scores reached an all-time high, well into the top quartile for retail banks, reflecting continued success in meeting the needs of customers and delivering higher customer service levels. There is no doubt that establishing new relationships, and at the same time, strengthening the existing ones will be a key advantage as this economy recovers. I am not about to suggest that the tough times are behind us because they are not. This economy remains weak, pressuring Regions overall revenues which were disappointing in the first quarter, and although our net loan losses and provisioning declined sharply from fourth to first quarter, they remain elevated and non-performing loans remain stubbornly highly, all of which Irene will discuss in just a few minutes. It is clear however from the underlying business performance that we are taking the necessary actions to ensure that regions were not only successfully managed through these difficult days but be prepared to take full advantage of this economic recovery when it does occur. I am encouraged by recently announced government programs that are aid in stabilizing housing, unfreezing securitization markets, removing problem assets from banks balance sheets, and improving liquidity in the mortgage securities markets. As more information about these plans become available, we will closely assess how, or even if we will participate in these programs, if they might benefit Regions and our customers. Meanwhile, our own customer assistant program has already produced benefits for Regions and our customers experiencing difficult tasks. To-date, we have modified over 5,500 mortgages for customers, enabling those customers to remain in their homes, including more than 1,100 mortgages in the first quarter alone. From an economic environment standpoint, although it is too early to say we have bought them and weve recognized the credit quality, we will obviously lack the recovery as usual. We are beginning to see some positive signs. For example, the Florida Association of Realtors most recent data shows that existing home sales have risen now for six consecutive months in year-over-year comparisons. Meanwhile, Regions is aggressively and successfully dealing with present problems, while preparing for economic recovery. We are reducing our stressed portfolios of homebuilder, Florida second lien home equity and condominium credits, which declined nearly $340 million in aggregate during the first quarter. Importantly, were focusing on what we can control in our businesses such as expenses which declined for the first quarter. Were also building customer relationships as illustrated by the first quarters growth in customer deposits and accounts. Were taking advantage of opportunities to strengthen our franchise in key markets by way of small FDIC-assisted bank acquisitions, such as the February assumption of approximately $285 million of FirstBank Financial Services just outside of Atlanta in Henry County, Georgia. Were actively managing our balance sheet to ensure liquidity and capital strength. Let me now turn it over to Irene for greater detail.
Irene Esteves: Thank you, Dowd. Lets begin with the summary of results for the quarter. As shown on slide 1, first quarter earnings totaled $0.04 per diluted share, which I mentioned were not impacted by the recently announced fair market value accounting rule changes. In a continuation of a recent trend, customer deposit grew $3.8 billion, including a $1.1 billion or 6% rise in non-interest bearing deposits. Ending loans were down slightly during the quarter. Im glad to report the production of residential mortgages, most of which were sold hit a record $2.8 billion level this quarter. In fact, first quarter mortgage application volume was up 80% from fourth quarter of 2008, and was our biggest mortgage application quarter ever. With respect to credit, net charge-offs were down to 1.64% from the fourth quarter spike of 3.19%. As we said at the time, the fourth quarter was largely driven by marks on loans moved to held for sale or sold. This quarter we recorded a $425 million provision for loan losses, $35 million above net charge-offs, reflecting continued weakness in housing valuations and the overall economy. Non-performing loans increased $589 million in the quarter. Our average of allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans ended the quarter at a multiple of 1.13 times. During the quarter we sold or had pay downs on our held for sale portfolio of $65 million. On the sales, we recorded a profit of $4 million, showing that our marks last quarter when we moved them to held for sale were adequate. Regions net interest margin declined 32 basis points to 2.64%, reflecting the impact of falling rate on our assets under the balance sheet, the effects of the prime LIBOR rate normalization, as well as the full quarter impact of fourth quarter issuance under the TLGP, in essence an incremental cost of liquidity. With the couple of exceptions, non-interest revenues were negatively affected by broad economic pressures. Importantly, we achieved targeted expense reductions, reducing total non-interest expenses by 10% from the previous quarter, excluding fourth quarters goodwill and MSR impairment charges. Lastly, capital remained strong as evidenced by our tangible common ratio of 5.41% and an estimated Tier 1 ratio of 10.37%. We turn to credit. Slide two shows that our most stressed portfolio residential homebuilders, home equity second liens in Florida; and condominiums, dropped another $336 million in the first quarter. Stressed assets currently make up about 9% of their total loan portfolio, down from 13% at the beginning of 2008. This represents a $3.4 billion decline in the last five quarters. Slide three highlights the substantial progress we have made over the last several quarters working down our homebuilder, land and condo portfolios, especially in hard-hit geographies such as Florida and North Georgia where unemployment levels are very high. For homebuilders, overall exposure has dropped by $3.1 billion or 42% since the beginning of 2008. Our land portfolio, some of which is a subset of the homebuilder balances, has been reduced as well, dropping by $2.6 billion or 41% since the merger. Condo exposure continues to decline and is now $850 million of which approximately $460 million is in Florida where stress was most acute. However, weve seen some signs of condo stabilization recently. For example, the Florida Association of Realtors most current data shows a 15% gain in statewide sales of existing condos, continuing a trend in recent months. The takeaway here is the nature of our problem credit hasnt changed. Were focused on resolving them and were maintaining a conservative credit discipline. Let me give you a quick perspective on housing across our footprint. The governments housing price index is a broad measure of average price changes in repeat sales or refinancing on the same properties. This slide illustrates an important point. While prices have declined precipitously in Florida, as indicated by the red lines, prices over the remainder of our footprint are holding relatively steady. Contributing heavily is Floridas high and rapidly rising unemployment rate, which recently stood at 9.4% as compared to 8.5% for the US as a whole. Slide five is an important one for understanding our loan loss allowance levels over the last several quarters. Most of the large increase in the fourth quarters allowance level reflects the losses inherent in our loan portfolio at yearend, including the loans which have not yet migrated to non-performing status. As expected, these loans increase. From fourth to first quarter they increased by $589 million, excluding loans held for sale. Also, note that the coverage ratio or allowance for loan losses divided by non-performing loans was 1.13 at the end of the first quarter. Our current period allowance for credit losses of 2.82% of loans incorporates not only up-to-date asset valuations but our estimate of portfolio loss content using appropriately distressed economic assumptions. Our next slide gives you some perspective on credit cost, which we have defined here as net charge-offs plus other real estate losses plus any provision over net charge-offs. In total, net charge-offs were an annualized 1.64% of average loan, down from fourth quarters 3.19% level, which was inflated by our decision to sell or move to held for sale over $1 billion of NPAs. Its noteworthy to remind everyone that our marks on transfers to held for sale have been validated to some extent since the first quarter sales from our held for sale portfolio were closed at a $4 million net gain to carrying value. Stressed portfolios continue to explain the bulk of loan losses accounting for $143 million or 37% of first quarter charge-off, while the assets account is only 9% of our portfolio. Notably, there was an increase in home equity charge-offs to an annualized 2.38%. The deterioration was largely centered in our Florida portfolio, which is being negatively effected by Floridas near double-digit unemployment rate and significant housing price depreciation and if you exclude Florida from our results, all other net charge-offs for home equity were less than 1%. Looking ahead, net loan charge-offs are likely to remain at elevated levels over the next several quarters given a weak economy, housing price pressures and rising employment. Slide seven shows that while total NPAs rose, inflows of new NPAs remained relatively stable. Due to the aggressive moves in the fourth quarter to sell assets or move them to held for sale, there was a dip in non-performing assets. While NPAs rose in the first quarter, its important to note that the increase was not due to significantly higher inflows, but from a decrease in the linked-quarter levels of loan sold or moved to held for sale. While the bulk of charge-offs and problem assets are still concentrated in our stress portfolios, we are closely monitoring our entire portfolio, especially commercial real estate. Thus far, we havent seen substantial deterioration even in segments such as retail and hospitality, and as detailed in our earnings supplement, Regions commercial real estate portfolio is well diversified by product type. If I move now to our loan balances, they were down 3% linked-quarter or $2.5 billion. As Dowd pointed out, we are actively lending, nonetheless, we have experienced $1 billion drop in commercial industrial loans, largely reflecting remarketing of the RDM balances early in the first quarter. We also realized $1.6 billion reduction in construction loan as projects were completed and converted to completed real estate loans. On the consumer side, residential first mortgage production activity was up significantly, spurred by the favorable rate environment. However, most of this production is sold in the secondary market. Slide nine shows the change in our funding base since last quarter. Of note, total customer deposits grew a solid 4% on average in the first quarter, reflecting strong checking in money market growth. Positive results for these categories were driven by the introduction of new consumer and business checking products and money market rate offers. Importantly, interest rate deposits grew this quarter by $1.1 billion or 6%. Savings balances were up as well as we expect this trend to continue since weve seen pickup in new checking customers who are also opening a savings account, allowing us to leverage a growing culture of saving. Turning to revenues, our net interest income declined $116 million for the first quarter, primarily to the net interest margin dropping 32 basis points. To a large extent, the drop reflects the impact to our asset-sensitive balance sheet, our declines in short term interest rates, which caused us about 6 basis points, as well as normalization of the prime LIBOR spread, the equivalent of 15 basis points.  These two items explain 21 of the 32 basis point decline. Another 7 basis points is due o the full quarter impact of our TLGP issuance in December of 2008. The remaining 4 basis points variance is due to lower loan volumes and growth in lower spread deposit categories, partially offset by better loan spreads on new and renewed loans. Our non-interest revenues were $364 million higher than in the fourth quarter, however, excluding the first quarter SILO transaction related income and securities gain, non-interest revenues were down slightly quarter-to-quarter. In the securities sale, we sold $656 million of treasuries at a $53 million gain and we reinvested the sales proceeds in US government agency mortgage-backed security. There was minimal net duration change resulting from this transaction. The unwinding of SILO leveraged lease transactions had little impact to net income. The accounting results in a large increase in non-interest revenue, about $323 million, and almost as large offsetting taxes of $315 million. While partly seasonal, non-interest revenues certainly reflect the general economic downturn. Nonetheless, certain categories did reflect relative strengths, including mortgage income, which was up $39 million or 114% versus the fourth quarter level. Conversely, service charges dropped $19 million or 7%, largely reflecting lower customer transaction volumes, spending levels and seasonality. Brokerage income declined about 10% linked quarter. As a driver of brokerage income, lets look at Morgan Keegan in more depth. There is no doubt that the brokerage business is feeling pressure, but Morgan Keegan is weathering the conditions well. The fixed income capital markets division followed up last quarters strong showing with its second consecutive quarter of revenues in excess of $100 million. In a testament to its strength, this division moved up to the ace spot in a national ranking of Municipal Bond Underwriters this quarter. Other areas such as private client, equity capital markets and trust reflect environmental conditions, including the effects of lower asset valuation. Offsetting the impact of market-driven value declines, were pleased with the influx of over $1 billion of net new customers assets, mainly associated with the recent addition of 60 new financial advisors. In addition, were keeping our eye on the ball with respect to efficiency. While weve added new financial advisors, we have reduced other staff. Lastly, let me give you an update on recent arbitrations, results involving Morgan Keegan. Today, almost 90% of the arbitrations have been resolved or dismissed with no claims paid. Among all claims resolved or withdrawn to-date, resolutions of these arbitrations have averaged only $0.0135 for every dollar claimed. Importantly, all judgments to-date have been based on individual brokerage sales practices and not against fund managements. As regards to class action suits, two have already been dismissed and none have been certified. As I mentioned, mortgage activity has been especially strong of late. Heres a monthly picture of what rates and mortgage application volumes have done since September. Driven largely by government purchases and mortgage-backed securities, rates have been very attractive since December, leading to record close volumes of $2.8 billion in the first quarter, driving a doubling of mortgage income to $73 million versus the previous quarter. While market share data is difficult to come by in real-time, we know we picked up strong market share in 2008 and we believe that trend will continue for 2009. Non-interest expenses declined 10% linked-quarter, excluding fourth quarters goodwill impairment and mortgage servicing rights charges.  During the first quarter of 2009, we began accounting for MSRs at fair value and hedging volatility. Therefore, beginning this quarter, there are no MSR impairment recapture related amortization expenses. The impact of the fair value charge and the relative hedge now flow through the mortgage income and was less than $1 million for the quarter. Notably, salary and benefit costs were down $23 million or 4% as lower commissions and incentives more than offset the annual seasonal rise and FICA and benefit expenses. Expenses also reflect lower professional fees and a $4 million net gain on the sale of non-performing loans held for sale. Improving our operating efficiency remains a priority. All-in, we continue to target a 2% to 4% reduction in total non-interest expenses before any special assessments by the FDIC. I will also remind you that we recorded a full quarters worth of dividend expense on our CPP preferred stock this quarter equivalent to $0.07 per share compared to $0.04 for the seven weeks that was outstanding in the fourth quarter.  Switching to capital, our regulatory ratios remain comfortably well above the well capitalized minimum with our Tier 1 ratio of 10.37%. On a tangible basis, we picked up 18 basis points to 5.41%. Also, you may have seen last week, we just reduced our dividend to $0.01 per quarter, which will conserve an additional $250 million of capital annually. Were also in very good shape from the funding and liquidity standpoint as we tell on slide 16. For example, customer core deposits are growing and now fund 66% of total assets, up from fourth quarters 59% and. Although we are not reliant on overnight funding markets, this source is certainly available if there is a need for short term funds. Liquidity continues to be strong, totaling $42 billion, including $22 billion of secured line. Wrapping up, these are clearly challenging times, however, we are confident in Regions ability to deal todays challenges as well as take advantage of future opportunities. We continue to de-risk our balance sheet, maintain strong capital allowance levels, keep liquidity healthy, proactively manage operating expenses and focus on strengthening customer relationships through superior service and product enhancement.  With that, Ill ask Abigail if we could open it up for question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus: I was just looking your slide seven and I appreciate the input on the inflows of non-performing assets. I suppose youre giving the sales you took down in the fourth quarter. I want to try to get a little more flavor. When you look at the reserve, I guess, your argument would be that youve written down some of these things enough and thats why the reserve build this quarter was only $35 million with NPAs up over $600 million. When I look at that chart there for non-performing assets, and as it relates reserve build, do you also take into consideration increases and things like the loans that were 90 days past due and the restructured loans that occurred in the quarter, because if I think if I look at those two numbers they were up sequentially about $510 million or so in the quarter? Should that go into the reserve calculation? In other words, should we have build the reserve a bit more than we did given the fact not just NPAs were up, but also maybe a pipeline of NPAs could be coming in the future with the restructured loans and 90 days past due?
Bill Wells:  This is Bill Wells. There are several questions in there, and Ill try to help answer them as best I can. First thing, I always think about some of the facts. As Irene had mentioned, there are really three portfolios that have given us trouble over the past 16 months. Remember, we are 16 months into this. Thats residential condo and home equity and two geographies, Florida and Georgia. So we always keep that in mind, as were looking through our portfolio. When you do that, think about this, our Atlanta residential condo portfolio has gone decreased from about a 1.3 billion to little over 700 million, so you have to factor in how your exposures have come down over time. Also remember that as Irene had mentioned during the fourth quarter, we did make a large provision anticipation of the non-performing loans coming through. When I look at the large non-performing, they are really coming out of those two product lines of residential and condo, the majority of them. Also remember, there are reserve methodology that you spoke of is really a very conservative view and has been consistent over well really since about four years that I have been at the company. The other thing is we look at it, we look at our ratios. We look at large problem credits. We look at our different pools on the restructured loans that you are talking about mainly those were coming out of our customer assistant program and the residential mortgage area. So yes, we do factor that in, as we look at our methodology. We feel comfortable about where the reserve is. Thats when we went through the analysis and we thought that based on what we see out on exposures, on problem asset migration that we felt good about our coverage ratios with additional $35 million. Id also add we always have third-party reviews coming after us, looking over us including our external accountant.
Mike Willoughby: Bill, if I could just mention, this is Mike Willoughby, on the TDRs, the recidivism there is about 12%, which is as compared to others restructured consumer loans is extremely good. The other comment I would make is that on the over 90, the business services increased in particular which is about half of that, relates to a couple of large credits that are going to be current this quarter. So when you look at business services increases, our policy is to put loans on non-accrual when they hit 90 days, unless they are well secured in the process of collection. So when you look at the business services piece, those are not what we would expect to migrate to non-performing. The consumer part has a lot to do with the additional foreclosure in Florida and some other states. So I hope that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin St Pierre - Bernstein. 
Kevin St Pierre - Bernstein: Just may be to get a little bit further, get a little more specific, its a follow-up on Chris questions. Could you tell us of the 1.6 billion or so of non-accrual loans, what the portion that is being treated with FAS 114 is an accumulative impairment charges on those loans and if we could get even more specific about the 959 in CRE loans?
Bill Wells: Well, let me first start on the FAS 114, what we do is we look at everything over $2.5 million and go to a very detailed process about looking in our portfolio and determining what is the valuation and what is appropriate reserve along those lines. Mike, if you might want to add a little bit more.
Mike Willoughby: As you would expect this quarter, our FAS 114 number is up and that has to do as you might expect last quarter that it was down just because of the asset sales or marks and moving to held for sale. So, were about 200 million approximately in FAS 114s. I cant give you the mark, but let me explain to you how that works. We get appraisals on non-accrual loans. You require it under regulations, and I think GAAP as well to get them at least annually. We get them every six months. So every six months we actually will mark our non-performing loans to market, which is relatively aggressive. Most of our peers do it annually. The second thing would be that we take in addition to that a FAS 114 reserve. So when you look at the mark answer, you got to go back and look at the legal balance, you cant look at book balance because were much more aggressive than some of our peers on taking losses relative to these. So, in addition to that, were also looking at what we would expect the holding period to be. Well look at what we would expect other costs to be, and we will add those and then discount it and thats how we come up with our FAS 114.
Bill Wells: I also think you have to, given consideration how we handle our held for sale also too, kind of tell you about where we are in some of the 114 valuations. Last quarter we had a very significant strategy of disposing a lot of problem assets, well over $1 billion and that mark was broke at about $0.50 on that portfolio. Were looking at loans coming through now. We have about 30% to 35% more. So that tells you a little bit about what were seeing, expectation of quality, I know theyre non- performing loans, but we dont see the severe wall side that we had seen earlier. That shows what weve been able to sell a little bit of these problem assets for gain.
Kevin St Pierre - Bernstein: So that $200 million then is $200 million of the $1.6 billion in non-accruals has been impaired.
Bill Wells: Well, look at it, Kevin, is weve got about $1.6 billion in non-performing loans. We go part of that. We go through at its best 14 allowance overview that you have to look at. Then we have about another $280 million in OREO or repossessions, and then about another $400 million in held for sale. So thats our total non-performing assets. Everything has a different way of looking at it. The reserve is really what the non-performing loan is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs. 
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: I guess there is lot of questions about what the appropriate level for capital for a bank is and I guess well find out with the stress test result to some extent, but if you are asked to strengthen your capital ratios, when you look across the different options for how you might do that from business sales to equity issuing to the Cap program to other options you might have deleveraging, what option in your mind is the most attractive or the most likely if you were required to strengthen capital ratios?
Irene Esteves: Well, as you might imagine, well tell you that our capital levels are strong and the quality is very good with our high TCE. So we feel we have a strong capital starting point. If there is a need coming out of the regulatory reviews, well work with our regulators on determining a course of action, but were not ready at this point to say what we would do under those scenarios.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: I guess secondly, one of your competitors was pretty explicit about feeling like Florida and Atlanta were bottoming early stabilizing and potentially have hit a bottom already. You made some comments about Florida, but I guess more explicitly, do you feel like Florida and Atlanta are at a bottom right now or do you think there is still more deterioration that come in those markets from a housing kind of overall health of the real estate housing market?
Dowd Ritter: Brian, we are still seeing some stress come through Florida and Georgia. Some might say glimmers of hope, but we are talking about some of the credits that are coming in. We look at it that has potential to restructure or work through those. So that is a positive sign, but I will say that you are going to continue to see stress. For us in Florida, I think of it this way, whether you are seeing some more stress or not in the next couple of quarters, we have gone from a homebuilder and condo portfolio of the first Florida 2008 at $3 billion down to a little lower $1.4 million. I mean we have worked that portfolio down significantly. As one thing, I really dont think we have been given credit for, if you go back to one of our rein slides is really talking about how we worked the exposures down in a very difficult environment. For us, Brian, what I would say is weve got some of our most troubled assets behind us. We kind of phrase it as the worst of the worst, and these are some condo projects that were half completed. We worked through our most troubled problem. Im going to let Barb Guidon talk a little bit about what they are seeing in the housing.
Barb Guidon: In the housing portfolio we are seeing in Florida is that peak to trough, the peak being in the OFHEO data, the fourth quarter of 2006 to where we sit now, were already down almost 31% in value. So, one would suggest that the credit cycle potentially has 40% peak to trough to go. We think that will happen relatively soon. So we are seeing some activity in the markets in Florida. We are seeing some market, in fact, that are showing signs of recovery.
Mike Willoughby: This is Mike Willoughby. I just want to follow-up on Bills comments is when you look at homebuilder, weve been really talking about Florida and the Atlanta North Georgia area. In condos, weve been talking primarily about Florida, but we have some exposure in Atlanta, North Georgia as well. If you were to take the condos and homebuilder in North Georgia, you would have a portfolio of a little over $700 million down from a $1.3 billion back at the beginning of 2008. You would also find that of that $700 million, $77 million are past credits. What that means is that were all over and have been all over the remaining portion of that portfolio. In Florida, its a similar story where homebuilder is just under a $1 billion. Condos are under $500 million and we expect them to be under $300 million by the end of the third quarter. The total, if you add them together, Florida is about a $1.04 billion and about half of that is currently looked at as passed loans. So I think to Bills point, weve really worked these portfolio starting in condos; it was in 2007; in homebuilder, 2008. Were making good progress. Were going to end up where we dont have anything to work on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets. 
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets: There has been mumbling about shared national credits. I was just curious maybe if you could disclose the dollar amount of shared national credits you have in the portfolio. If you have it handy, maybe by industry or geography and potentially even by the seasoning maybe how old the loans are?
Dowd Ritter: Weve got about 7 billion in shared national credits. You got to remember that shared national credit is defined as three banks total credit 20 million and above. So a lot of our shared national credits are, they can be real estate deals where there are three lenders; they can be public companies; and they can club deals that would be 20 million, 50 million maybe up to a 100 million would probably are sweet spot. What I would tell you about that is, because I think your question is really about the larger portion of that, we have had as a policy going back to the merger. Weve done some work around this to make sure that our shared national credit book is high quality. We did not do any of the covenant light deals. We havent done any of the highly leveraged transactions. So to your question, we merged in November 2006 and weve taken a very conservative approach to our shared national credit portfolio since that time. Were not experiencing any difficulties there other than commercial real estates as part of the numbers that you see.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets: Then in terms of you mentioned before about you make certain assumptions regarding the macro outlook for the economy. I guess what Im getting at is, youve seen increasing trend in non-accruals and past dues, and with the economic forecast, unemployment forecast to go higher, Im just curious to kind of figure out maybe what your assumption is on unemployment. You mentioned Florida unemployment picking up or increasing to almost double digits, and maybe the knock-on effect that would have on C&I and commercial real estate. How that factors into your reserving?
Barb Guidon: This is Barb Guidon. Let me go ahead and start with the consumer portfolios. We do look at double-digit unemployment in Florida and several of our other markets perhaps, i.e., be Carolina. Having said that, thats one of the reasons that we have very active customer assistance program. As an example, last month alone we helped over 2,000 customers. Some of those customers simply needed a short-term deferment for Bears. All the customers needed modification of their loans, but again, were trying to get ahead of that. So working with customers daily, customers who want to stay in their homes, customers who want to keep their vehicles or other tangible assets, weve been very successful in that as Mike mentioned in terms of recidivism rates of only 12%. So, while the unemployment rates, we do expect it will go up. Were also very actively trying to get in front of that, including making outbound phone calls to customers who are not yet delinquent to ensure that we are able to weather any issues that they have and if they need assistance that were in front of that problem. Ill turn it over to Mike.
Mike Willoughby: On the C&I and CRE side, we listened to a lot of what Barb is saying and seeing in the consumer portfolio and how that affects us in the C&I and commercial real estate portfolio and I would tell you on the C&I, we just have not seen the pressure or stress come through that portfolio. Weve seen a few dealer align that had come through. I think that would be expected about what you are seeing in the economy, but all the lines are appropriately monitored and we think we can liquidate out of those. When I look down the list of our large problem, classified credits, I dont see any particular stress point in the C&I and commercial real estate, a very diversified portfolio. We may have seen a couple of apartment projects come through, but nothing really to speak of. So, even though we start to look at what unemployment may do, we had not seen it come through our portfolio yet. Remember now, weve been talking about contagion for almost a year now and just have not seen it. That does mean that we are looking at those portfolios of commercial real estate retail and keeping a watch on as we just havent seen it spread and pass dues, or well as charge-offs or non-accruals come through at this time.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets: Just one final question, if I may. Your deposit growth is extremely strong. Just wondering is that, also marking campaign involved, but youre seeing at any specific markets or is it being M&A driven, some of your competition being merged away?
Irene Esteves: Its happening across our footprint. That was a part of our concerted strategic effort that we started last fall to focus on building deposits, particularly low cost deposits. So its not geographic specific, its across our footprints.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners. 
Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners: I just want to get some more clarity on the non-performing assets held for sale. The $65 million that was sold in the quarter that was directly from this account, correct?
Bill Wells: It was. Yes it was.
Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners: Were there any other transfers or out of that to get us down to 395?
Bill Wells: Let me kind of walk through because it does, you kind have to think about how the inflows and how the outflows are. We started about 427 million in the held for sale account. We had either sales or payments come in of about $65 million, thats the part that we talked about that we had a sale for a gain. Then we had about $29 million that we transferred to OREO and thats just the process that you went through to move it to other roles they dont. Then, we had new additions that we moved from the loan portfolio into the held for sale of about $60 million and it was an average of a discount of 30% to 35% on that pool, that ends up to about $393 million in our held for sale. Also, Id let you know Christopher that this time, we sold about $10 million or $11 million for a little bit of a gain. What that shows is we have been in this. A lot of banks are talking about getting into this position of problem assets. You go back and look, we started really in the second quarter of 08, started to ramp up pretty heavy in the third quarter, did a very big sale in fourth quarter. We are continuing that process and we look, as we will continue to sale, dispose off problem assets. We think we have a very good program in place.
Christopher Marinac - FIG Partners: So if you relate the $4 million gain that you had back to those related loans, what is the net mark at the end of the day on that experience?
Mike Willoughby: I think we probably took an average of 50% mark, I mean you will be a little bit shy of that. I dont know the number, but it will probably be in the 48% range. What I would say is what was interesting though is you say that, but as we moved assets into held for sale, we were average in that 30% to 35% mark. So you hate to say about non-performing loan of credit you are moving to held for sale is better, but the marks are a little better than what weve seen in the past, and we havent changed our process one bit. Its the same process that weve had over the past almost a year now.
Dowd Ritter: What we put into held for sale this quarter, most of it, half of it was under purchase of sale as of the end of the quarter and all of it would be under purchase of sale within two weeks. So with that activity, we would expect to have out of the portfolio by the end of the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Ketron - Citigroup.
Greg Ketron - Citigroup: I have a couple of brief ones. One, any color you can provide on the early delinquency trends 30 day, 90 day past dues in the first quarter compared to the fourth? Then, the other would be any outlook or views you can provide on the net interest margin if you think the worse is behind you in terms of sensitivity or LIBOR prime basis, normalization and what your outlook may be for the rest of this year?
Bill Wells: Let me start on the past dues on the 30 days, I looked at our trend quarter-over-quarter and they are about stabilized, but you still see some movement up and down within particular quarters. What I would tell you is we have a very active credit servicing program from the C&I and commercial and real estate, and our geographies were very, very hard to constantly work on our past dues. On the 90 days, what I would tell you is, of the increase roughly in my mind about half of it comes from the C&I and commercial real estate side and it really deals with some large credits that we are in the process of working through some type of structure and well bring those back up under 90 days. The other half has really deal with the judicial process, the slowdown dealing with Florida. Ill let Barb talk more about the consumers past dues.
Barb Guidon: The consumers past dues, the 90 plus for residential mortgage made up the bulk of $16 million quarter-over-quarter increase, and as Bill mentioned that was due to the backup in the Florida court system. In addition to that, any repayment plans we enter with customers under our customers assistance program or any forbearance program, we do not reach that customer currently, allow to stay in the 90-day bucket or greater and as they make their payments, they will automatically move to a current status at that time.
Irene Esteves: Greg, on your question on the net interest margin, we think most of the impact of the asset sensitivity and the LIBOR gaping out has pretty much flown through our statements, so were expecting will be relatively stable in the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: You mentioned earlier in your commentary that you really havent seen evidence of contagion spreading to other commercial loan categories in any meaningful way. I am curious what particular loan buckets you may have, more concerned about as we go through 2009 and 2010. Would it be retail centers or hotel/motel or is there anything else you are particularly focused on?
Bill Wells: Jennifer, I will start, and let Mike or Barb comment on for us. I would say we continue to watch retail commercial real estate scrip center boxes. Weve been doing that for a while and thats been on a moratorium list for us, but we have been saying that for about two quarters now, watching it and just have to say, the level of problem assets come through. I mean, you will have one or two come through, but even in the good times you are going to have a problem credit come through. We watch hospitality is one, but its relatively small portfolio for us, any C&I customer thats tied to the housing will watch very closely the watch for trends in that, but really we just havent seen the pressure that we have been expecting. It does mean that we are not going to continue to watch the drift. I think that goes back to me is a very solid program we put in about two years ago, where we are really focused on credit servicing. For us we start to look at principal reductions, trying to make sure our collateral values match up with our loan balance. We are always working with our customers too. Again I think thats a significant piece of why we havent seen a lot of this contagion, or some of the problems spread to other parts of the portfolio. Ill let Barb talk about the consumer side.
Barb Guidon: On the consumer side, clearly we are watching the unemployment trends that are happening right across our footprint, but again, back to our customer assistance program and back to the fact that our geographies, our branches are reaching out to customers on a monthly basis, customers that are not delinquent and doing a financial checkup just to make sure if they need help that we are addressing that early. On our mortgage portfolio, we are calling all of our adjustable rate mortgages six months in advance of their reset dates and making sure we have that conversation with the customer at the time that if they are not able to make the new payment or if they are going to have any difficulties, then again we are ahead of that problem. So I would want to state that it wont be any contagion or some increases in delinquency, but again were pretty aggressive about reaching out ahead of the problem making sure we are the best of it.
List Underwood: Just a follow-up comment on the commercial piece of this. One of the things we have noticed is that when we have seen a, lets say, a commercial real estate retail project experienced difficulties, that unlike our experience in the homebuilder business wherein often there is not liquidity and staying power with these credits there is cash flow and that allows for workouts that are different from the homebuilder workout approach. As you know, homebuilder, when they are no longer functioning you have lots, you have land, you have spec houses, and its a question of what can get for that. So the loss on those kinds of credits, once they revolve is materially higher than the loss you are going to find on the retail.
Bill Wells: Also, Jennifer, just to remind you how we started off. Weve been in this for about 16 months now and it really has been a Florida-Georgia issue, its been a residential condo and a home equity and really a second lien home equity issue in Florida. For us, we always have to keep in mind for our company, we sold our subprime operation early in 2007. We dont have any credit card portfolios. We dont do the broker mortgages. None of those have been in what we would do as products. Mike had mentioned on this, we just dont do highly leveraged transactions. We dont have the sales. We dont have the CDS. So it kind of goes back to the first question, when you really think about our company, you have to look at our allowance methodology and the problems that we have had addressed and that weve been working through these portfolio for almost 16 months now. So thats what I would say is our focus. We continue to do that.
Jennifer Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: I do have a one follow-up question. You mentioned loss severities have been lower this quarter or in first quarter than they were in the fourth, where you did the big loan sale. Are you just seeing more betters or the pricing getting better or combination of the two? Whats going on there?
Bill Wells: Well, what I was really talking about is what we saw in the held for sale. I think its just the type of private property thats coming through. Remember when we took the 50% mark you might have a couple of uncompleted condos in there and maybe a particularly large piece of land. I dont know if I can say the pricing has really changed dramatically. I would say its more about the type of property that we are seeing moving to non-performing status.  Again, I go back to, Jennifer, what we had said is our fourth quarter strategy that we try to put in place was to get some of the worst problem credits behind us.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Ken Usdin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. 
Ken Usdin - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Just a follow-up on the question about just reserving methodology and, in fact, you have been working through a lot of these books for a while. I know that the comments of that directionally credits should continue to go the wrong way or directionally deteriorate, but any color you can help us out on an understanding potential magnitude of over-provisioning that you still might have to do as these inflows are still building and the trend of NPAs is still moving higher? Thanks.
Bill Wells: Yes, Ken, its one thing kind of in all my years, you got to watch over-providing as well as under-providing. What we try to do, the best way for our methodology is be very consistent and have a very conservative methodology. Thats kind of our basis, our cornerstone. Were not saying that we are not going to continue to see stress. I mean I think for us, its going to be those three primary products of residential, condo and home equity. For us, as Barb will always say, home equity and first res has what seemed to stabilize a little bit, is always a trailer based on what you see in the consumer side. So, again, what I go back to is we have this very conservative consistent methodology. You have to look at what we think is our expected run rate, which is pretty much come in line this quarter. We are looking at our exposure coming down. We go through the methodology, looking at our FAS 114 allowances. We look at our FAS 5 rule and we come out which we think is a proper and adequate reserve for what we think the risk is within the portfolio. Thats weve maintained over the last four years since Ive been in the company.
Ken Usdin - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: So the fact that additions are going up as far as incremental non-performing asset is somewhat being, am I right in saying that somewhat being helped by the deletions and thats bringing down kind of some of the reserve that you might have had to build in prior quarters as far as what we saw this quarter. Just wondering why the magnitude of reserve build was so small, even though we did see, an understanding that you did take partial. Youre moving down to realizable value on those 114s and the pools, but it would seem the incremental growth of the NPA would still speak to larger amount of over-provisioning.
Bill Wells: Also, Ken, remember that in the fourth quarter, we made a sizable provision with the expectations that wed start to see some of these non-performing come through. So I think I Irene has a pretty good slide in her desk, slide 5 that talks about our reserving as well as matching up to our non-performing loans. So, again, you have to take in, I would say, over a years period of time and look at our methodology and look at our reserving and keep that in mind, and not so much focus on the $35 million and the rise in the non-performing loans in this quarter. Thats what you have to do.
Operator: This concludes todays Regions Financial Corporation quarterly earnings call. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-20 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  List Underwood  IR Dowd Ritter President & CEO Irene Esteves  CFO & Sr. EVP William Wells  Chief Risk Officer & Sr. EVP Mike Willoughby  Chief Credit Officer [Barb Guidon]  Head of Consumer Credit 
Analysts:  Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities Steven Alexopoulos  JP Morgan  Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler O'Neill & Partners Richard Bove  Ladenburg Thalmann  Jefferson Harralson  KBW Todd Hagerman  Credit Suisse Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets [Gordon Watson  Orr Hills Partners]  Chris Marinac  FIG Partners  Jennifer Demba  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey  [Rodney Pitts  Southern Elevator]   
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation quarterly earnings call. (Operator instructions) I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood before Mr. Ritter begins the conference call.
List Underwood: Good morning everyone. We very much appreciate your participation. Our presenters today are our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Dowd Ritter, and our Chief Financial Officer, Irene Esteves. Also joining us and available to answer questions are William Wells, our Chief Risk Officer, Mike Willoughby, our Chief Credit Officer, and Barb Guidon, Head of Consumer Credit.  Let me quickly mention a change in our presentation format. We have prepared a short slide presentation to accompany Irenes comments. They are available under the Investor Relation section of www.regions.com. For those of you in the investment community, that dialed in by phone, once you are on the Investor Relations section of our website, just click on listen via phone and the slides will automatically advance in sync with the audio of Irenes presentation.  A copy of the slides will be available on our website shortly after the call. Our presentation during the next few minutes will discuss Regions business outlook and includes forward-looking statements. These statements may include descriptions of management's plans, objectives, or goals for future operations, products, or services, forecasts of financial or other performance measures, statements about the expected quality, performance, or collectability of loans, and statements about Regions general outlook for economic and business conditions. We also may make other forward-looking statements in the question-and-answer period following the discussion. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ is available from today's earnings press release, and today's Form 8-K, and our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2007, or our Form 10-Q's for the periods ending June 30, 2008, September 30, 2008 and March 31, 2008. As a reminder, forward-looking statements are effective only as of the date they are made and we assume no obligation to update information concerning our expectations. Let me also mention that our discussions may include the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these to the same measures on a GAAP basis can be found in our earnings release and related supplemental financial schedules. Now I will turn it over to Dowd Ritter.
Dowd Ritter: Thank you List and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for Regions fourth quarter earnings conference call especially on the historic occasion with todays inauguration later this morning. As we announced earlier we reported a loss of $9.01 per diluted share for the quarter driven by $6 billion non-cash goodwill impairment charge. This charge was the result of recent impairment testing which indicated that the estimated fair value of our banking reporting unit was less then its book value.  While this charge certainly had a large impact to earnings for the quarter its important to note that this is a non-cash item and our regulatory intangible capital ratios were completely unaffected and remained solid. Excluding the goodwill impairment and merger charges our loss for the quarter totaled $0.35 per diluted share reducing full year earnings to $0.74 per share. These results reflect a worsening economic and credit quality environment as well as actions we have taken to aggressively recognize and deal with problem assets. Specifically we furthered our efforts to accelerate loss recognition including aggressively writing down values of stressed, housing related assets in the fourth quarter by either selling or moving to held for sale these nonperforming assets. Included in these write-downs we recorded a total net charge-off of nearly $800 million. The loan loss provision totaled $1.15 billion for the quarter.  As a result of these factors the allowance for credit losses increased by $353 million to 1.95% of loans. Irene will provide more details on these actions and fourth quarters financial results but first I want to spend a few minutes discussing what is being done to steer Regions through these turbulent times and ensure that we are well positioned to take advantage of the eventual economic rebound. From an operating earnings standpoint the fourth quarter was the most challenging in our companys history and although we are encouraged by steps taken by the government to stabilize the housing market and revitalize the economy, there is not quick fix for credit quality issues that are plaguing the financial services industry.  We are working hard to minimize risk and ultimate losses in Regions loan portfolio. Nonetheless I would expect 2009 to be another difficult year. Provisioning and nonperforming assets will continue to be elevated and the levels will depend on the depth and length of the economic downturn and its effect in particular on housing, commercial real estate, and consumers balance sheets. This is by far the most difficult credit cycle that were ever witnessed. Regardless lessons learned in other credit quality down cycles remain valid such as the earlier a bank recognizes and deals with a problem loan or asset, the greater potential for reducing or limited losses.  Few problems age well. This thought was the catalyst for our intensified efforts to dispose of troubled assets. While the market for distressed assets softened in the fourth quarter we were ahead of many potential sellers in creating a comprehensive process to dispose of these assets.  As a result we were able to sell or move to held for sale, approximately $1 billion of nonperforming assets in the fourth quarter versus $430 million in the third. Nonperforming assets excluding held for sale declined $347 million quarter-over-quarter if you look at September 30 compared to year end, due to the stepped up disposition effort. Nonetheless the inflow of new nonperforming loans accelerated in the fourth quarter and its unlikely that weve seen the peak for this cycle. As the operating environment has worsened weve added staff to our problem asset workout group in both the commercial and consumer areas and combined they now total over 600 dedicated workout personnel.  We will continue to shift resources into this area as needed. These experienced professionals are focused on identifying the most expedient solutions for mitigating loss content in our loan portfolio. Problems continue to be centered in our homebuilder, Florida home equity second lien, and condominium portfolios. However as unemployment rises risk beyond these segments are building especially commercial real estate categories such as retail properties as well as residential first mortgage loans in Florida. We are making every effort to identify all potentially problematic exposures and take steps to reduce them. At the same time we will continue to maintain reserves that sufficiently reflect our overall portfolio risk.  During these tough times capital and liquidity are especially critical. Regions is in good shape with excellent liquidity and held [B] capital levels. At year-end 2008 our regulatory capital ratios were considered above well capitalized minimize requirements and our tangible common equity to tangible assets was 5.23%.  As you are aware Regions participated in the Treasurys capital purchase program issuing some $3.5 million of preferred stock and common warrants that raised our Tier 1 capital ratio to an estimated 10.39% at year-end.  This incremental capital [shores] up our balance sheet and enhanced our ability to prudently expand lending to our customers. In fact were continuing to make credit available to consumers, small businesses, and commercial companies as intended by Treasury and the Congress. During the fourth quarter the governments investment strengthened Regions capital as I noted earlier which supported us originating almost $12 billion in new or renewed loans; some 22,000 home loans and other loans to consumers which totaled $1.3 billion and over 13,000 loans to businesses of all sizes totaling $10.4 billion. That $12 billion in lending production was an increase of approximately 3% compared with prior quarters during an economic environment where lending typically is flat or reduced. In addition dont forget were paying the government $175 million each year in dividends on this investment, providing taxpayers a fair return while meeting the governments objective of making credit available to both consumers and businesses.  Operating expense containment is always important but even more so when revenues and credit costs are being pressured by weak economic conditions. In 2009 we will continue to actively explore ways to improve our operating efficiency. At the same time we will work hard to provide our customers with superior products and service.  I am particularly pleased with our success in attracting new customer deposits and accounts during the fourth quarter. Most of the growth came in the form of money market balances which grew $1.7 billion and for customer certificates of deposits where we picked up an additional $3.1 billion. In another positive note net new consumer checking household growth picked up dramatically late in the year to an annualized rate of 3.2% which is double our growth rate from 2007. This increase certainly reflects an upward trend in service quality metrics where Gallop has showed our results are the highest marks that weve ever received in the fourth quarter for our branch service excellence.  In summary we fully acknowledge the challenges that face us in 2009. We have been aggressively preparing for those challenges and will continue to take appropriate actions to successfully steer Regions through this difficult environment.  Let me now turn the call over to Irene to review our fourth quarters results in greater depth. 
Irene Esteves: Thank you Dowd, lets begin with a summary of results for the quarter. If we look at slide one, fourth quarters loss was largely driven by the $6 billion non-cash goodwill impairment charge, equivalent of $8.66 per share. Full year earnings totaled $0.74 per share before the goodwill impairment and merger charges. Beyond the goodwill impairment results reflect incremental weakness in housing valuations and the overall economy but also the actions we took to reduce exposures in our most stressed portfolios. Consequently our fourth quarter provision for loan losses increased to $1.15 billion, that was $354 million above net charge-offs and $733 million higher then the third quarter.  Our allowance for credit losses now stands at 1.95%, up 38 basis points linked-quarter. As previously announced on December 18, we recorded a $275 million tax benefit related to a settlement with the IRS covering tax years up to and including 2006. This completely closes those years and removes that uncertainty.  In line with our expectations Regions net interest margin declined 14 basis points to 2.96%. Both non-interest revenues and non-interest expenses were negatively effected by broad economic pressures. Lastly like many banks the US Treasury invested $3.5 billion in our preferred stock. We are paying a 5% dividend on this plus we have issued warrants to them for 48 million shares of our stock.  This incremental capital is the primary driver in the increase in our Tier 1 capital to 10.39%. Now Ill cover each of these topics in greater detail but first lets turn to slide two where weve shown the most significant drivers of our fourth quarter earnings per share.  Obviously the non-cash goodwill impairment stands out but in terms of other significant items, we recorded the $0.40 per share tax settlement benefit that I mentioned earlier, of course higher credit costs were also the main driver including about $0.42 directly related to our accelerated asset disposition program, either through losses on closed loan sales or marks taken on held for sale transfers.  As a reminder in the third quarter some $430 million of stressed assets were sold or moved to held for sale. During the fourth quarter we stepped up those efforts disposing of or moving to held for sale $1 billion of nonperforming assets. We took an average 51% mark on those loans at the time of sale or transfer, translating to $466 million, most of which is included in net charge-offs and the remainder in non-interest expense.  Other real estate write-offs totaled $14 million and are recorded in non-interest expense. And as previously noted we also took a sizable provision above net charge-offs equating to about $0.32 per share. Continuing declines in housing and residential related construction project values as well as rising unemployment necessitated the increased provisioning and allowance.  Fourth quarters earnings per share was negatively effected by a $99 million or $0.09 impairment charge related to mortgage servicing rights driven by falling interest rates. Interest rate volatility has caused MSR valuations which are calculated based on market rates as of the end of the reporting period to fluctuate greatly from quarter to quarter.  You may recall that we booked a recapture benefit of $67 million just two quarters ago. The issuance of preferred stock to the government under the TARP was also a drag on fourth quarter earnings per share. The cost of this capital equates to $0.04 per share for the seven weeks it was outstanding. The balance of earnings absent the items set out separately on this slide total a positive $0.12 per share.  Focusing on credit slide three provides current data on the status of our most stressed portfolios; residential homebuilders, home equity second liens in Florida and condominiums. Stressed assets currently make up about 9% of our total loan portfolio. This slide highlights the progress weve made in working down this portfolio from 12% to 9% of loans. In total remaining exposure is $3.1 billion less then just a year ago. To date our credit problems and charge-offs have been concentrated in our smaller loan portfolios as shown on slide four. The bar height represents 2008s net charge-offs percentage by loan type while the width represents the average loan balances by type. As you can see our highest loss rates are in the stressed portfolios. Note that these loss rates reflect the loss taken on assets we sold or transferred to held for sale.  Fortunately these high loss rate portfolios are relatively small in size but we recognize that worsening economic conditions and rising unemployment are likely to begin to take a great toll on other segments of our portfolio. In fact there is some recent evidence of this in our retail commercial real estate loan portfolio and in residential first mortgages in Florida. We are expecting loss rates on these segments to climb somewhat as the year progresses. Despite emergent portfolio stresses the over arch in credit message remains unchanged. We are focused on proactively identifying problem assets and disposing of them as judiciously as possible while at the same time making sure that reserve levels remain appropriate.  Let me give you a quick perspective on housing across our footprint. This slide is a good illustration of where housing pressure is and importantly is not for Regions. The spread of home price deterioration as indicated by the progressive color change is the real takeaway. Note that in most of our markets price declines average less then 5% in 2008. But in our most stressed markets nearly all of which are in Florida, prices have fallen much more precipitously, greater then 20% in many markets in fact.  Another metric for the health of the Florida real estate market is the inventory of homes for sale. As of the end of the third quarter available home supply stood eight months, an increase from the seven-month level at year-end 2007. Contributing heavily is Floridas high and rapidly rising unemployment rate.  Slide six lays our selective credit metrics for the last six quarters. Looking at the chart on the left, you see the fourth quarters spike in net charge-offs to an annualized 3.19% represented by the yellow line, but the context for the increase is important. Note on the right hand chart both the corresponding drop in nonperforming assets represented by the green bars as well as the increase in the coverage ratio shown by the red line.  At the same time that were proactively recognizing losses we are adding to our allowance for credit losses. The increase at year-end to 1.95% of loans incorporates not only up to date asset valuations but our estimate of portfolio loss content using appropriately distressed economic assumptions.  This in essence shows that we are taking losses as quickly as possible illustrating our thesis that few problems age well. These actions have also improved our level of nonperforming assets and our coverage ratio of allowance to nonperformers.  Slide seven provides a quarterly roll forward of nonperforming assets for 2008 excluding assets transferred to held for sale, to help understand the migration of inflows and outflows. On this basis NPAs are down $347 million versus the third quarter. While inflows were flat in the third quarter they were up again in the fourth quarter primarily due to Florida homebuilders.  Moving beyond credit quality, on a reported basis net interest income grew $3 million third to fourth quarter. However adjusting for third quarters one-time SILO charge net interest income actually declined $41 million linked-quarter and the margins [slid] 28 basis points excluding third quarter SILO impact. Falling short-term interest rates have particularly pressured the margin given that about 55% of our loan portfolio is tied to prime or LIBOR and immediately reprices downward while deposit rates must stay competitive. The recent Fed rate decision on December 16 to put short-term rates near zero and the subsequent declines in short-term LIBOR will likely compress the first quarter margins by an amount similar to what we experienced in the fourth quarter.  However with market yield curves now hovering around these historic lows, we expect the margin to begin to stabilize in the second quarter of 2009 with potential improvement thereafter arising mainly from our focus on loan spread expansion and the expectation that more rational deposit pricing will return to the market.  Slide nine shows the change in our funding base since last quarter. Of note, total customer deposits grew 4% on average in the fourth quarter and almost 7% point to point reflecting strong CD growth in response to competitive offers and customer desire to lock in rates in the falling rate environment. Note that the Integrity Bank acquisition on August 29 had a full quarter impact in the fourth quarter as well.  But even without these deposits we were still up 3.7% for the quarter on average. Average low cost deposits which are total customer deposits minus customer CDs posted a 0.5% linked-quarter decline due to customer moves to CDs or to Treasuries. However ending levels were up 4%. Positive results from money markets and interest free categories were driven by money market rate offers and the introduction of new consumer and business checking products.  On the asset side average loans increased at a 1% pace in the fourth quarter. Within total loans commercial and industrial lending increased $1.2 billion or 5% versus the third quarter. As we reported last quarter we are targeting new commercial business relationships that extend beyond lending to include deposits and fee-based services such as treasury management products.  Commercial real estate construction balances declined as expected reflecting the general environment for residential real estate. Within the consumer categories home equity balances increased slightly but were more then offset by a decline in other consumer balances driven largely by student loan sales.  Non-interest revenues were $18 million lower then in the third quarter largely due to a drop in service charge and trust income. A weak economy is negatively effecting service charges with lower transaction volumes and overall activity. The change in trust income includes the impact of lower asset valuations from declining markets and a third quarter benefit from energy-related broker transactions.  Excluding the impact of the goodwill impairment and mortgage servicing rights charges non-interest expenses were up 7% primarily due to higher legal and professional costs and increased branch incentive tied to our strong deposit growth. For 2009 we are targeting a 2% to 4% reduction in total non-interest expense relative to the full year 2008 expense base excluding merger charges. Switching to capital, our regulatory ratios which are comfortably above the well-capitalized minimums were substantially bolstered by the US Treasurys investment in our preferred stock as detailed on slide 11. With regulatory capital at comfortable levels focus has now shifted to the tangible common ratio. Our year-end ours was 5.23%. The largest driver of the decline versus third quarter is an increase in assets primarily, excess liquidity from preferred and debt issuances.  As the year progresses we will be opportunistic with respect to strengthening our tangible ratio. We are in good shape from a funding and liquidity standpoint. As summarized on slide 12 we have solid funding to asset ratios which are aided further by the ability to issue senior unsecured debt through the FDICs temporary liquidity guarantee program of which we have already issued $3.75 billion of fixed and floating rate notes with maturities through December 2011. We still have over $4 billion of remaining capacity through this program. As to liquidity we have combined contingent liquidity available from a number of sources including the Fed, the Federal Home Loan Bank, unpledged securities, and unused lines exceeding $45 billion. As of December 31 we were holding excess reserve balances of $7.5 billion.  The holding company itself has a large cash position and only minimal long-term debt maturities through the end of 2010. Finally our average loans deposits stands at 111% while our average non-interest bearing deposits account for 14% of our average interest bearing assets.  Wrapping up 2008 was a difficult year and we know that 2009 will be challenging for the industry, but Regions is entering the new year on solid footing. We have strong capital and excellent liquidity. We have plans in place to mitigate credit losses and capitalize on opportunities to de-risk our balance sheet.  We are proactively identifying problem loans and aggressively managing them. We are taking steps to improve our net interest margin and at the same time we are continuing to prudently invest in our key businesses with a focus on strengthening existing client relationships, attracting new customers, and improving operating efficiency.  Lastly we are implementing changes to reduce our cost structure. To summarize we are positioned to not only successfully manage through the current credit and economic down cycle but to fully participate in recovery. We are addressing the challenging environment with a strong team, a clear vision, and a strong sense of resolve.  And with that Ill turn it over for your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities
Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities: I was wondering if you could provide a little more detail on the retail commercial real estate, you had said losses will likely increase versus current levels. For that one book that seems to be about $4 billion, whats the current loss rate?
William Wells: When we say this is one of the portfolios were looking at we have not seen any real hard stress factors come in as far as nonperforming assets or comments or data points like that, what weve seen is some of the stress in some of our projects. 
Mike Willoughby: Well you see what you would expect. Weve talked about the expectation that our retail commercial real estate portfolio would be effected by rising unemployment and what weve seen so far is exactly that. So well see some vacancies but not to the point of impacting the paying capacity of the borrowers. I guess the point here would be we see early signs of deterioration but theyre not showing up in nonperforming assets and charge-offs. 
William Wells: And what weve also done too is weve identified this portfolio probably six months ago, but [inaudible] in this product line, weve been watching it, doing credit servicing so it is one of the things that we have been doing to proactively address the portfolio pretty much as we have seen us do throughout all of 2008. 
Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities: Then help me better understand when we look at the roughly $11 billion of non owner occupied commercial real estate, a loss rate went from 2.1% to 9.1% from 3Q to 4Q, whats the biggest driver of that big increase?
Mike Willoughby: Well the biggest driver is going to be the cost of asset dispositions in the quarter which was the total of that was around a little over $450 million and the bulk of that had to do with non-owner occupied commercial real estate. 
Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities: Is that just a classification issue, its none of your homebuilder exposures and construction, that category too, driving those losses?
Mike Willoughby: Yes, I would take construction and the amortizing piece and put them together. 
Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities: Weve seen a couple of the money center banks get another round of capital infusions. Theres a lot of talk in the press that the new administration is going to inject more capital into the bank industry or some kind of combination of big, bad bank to take bad assets off of the balance sheets, any of these things are something that you would consider doing going forward?
Irene Esteves: Not as far as our capital we feel we have a very strong capital base at this point and dont envision asking for additional capital or needing additional capital and then as far as the asset disposition program there just is not enough information yet for us to judge if we would want to participate in that. 
William Wells: We would look at, remember thats how it first started out as having a problem asset disposition program then move it into capital and now theyre back. We set up a very good function internally that evaluates, thats why weve been able to dispose of over a billion, or to mark our self, a billion in assets so weve been doing that but if there was an opportunity for the Federal government to assist in that, we would take a look at it.
Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities: Your comment about the first quarter net interest margin declining similarly to what we saw in 4Q would that be the 14 basis point decline in 4Q or the 28 basis point decline ex the lease noise from the third quarter.
Irene Esteves: It would be the latter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos  JP Morgan 
Steven Alexopoulos  JP Morgan : Looking at the $423 million of nonperformers and held for sale how much have they been written down already.
William Wells: What we did is and Ill go back a little bit to third quarter we marked or sold about $430 million and we said at that time we took an average mark of about 50%. When we moved into the fourth quarter considering the tax monies available we took at look at our portfolio again and were trying to deal with some of our worst problem credits, what I would say is when we sold we did a little bit better then 50%. When we did a mark I believe Irene said 51% so when we marked them as they moved over we were a little bit above 50% so I would say quarter-over-quarter a 50% mark is probably the best number to give as were going through what weve seen the, for our products, for our loans or assets as well as what were able to get into the market. 
Steven Alexopoulos  JP Morgan : It sounds like youre rethinking the importance of common in the capital structure, whats the timeline youre thinking of to boost that up and what level of TCE would you be targeting?
Irene Esteves: I think as I mentioned we do feel our capital ratios are strong but we will look for opportunities as markets open up to shore up that tangible common but we dont have a current plan in place. 
Steven Alexopoulos  JP Morgan : Do you expect to earn the dividend this year and if not why keep paying it?
Irene Esteves: As you probably know we dont give earnings guidance but the Board just voted to issue, continue the $0.10 dividend share and well continue to look at that as the market unfolds and we look at what our credit losses are and how bad the economic downturn is. 
Steven Alexopoulos  JP Morgan : I guess though if youre balancing, youre saying if the markets open up youll go and issue additional common but youll probably consume $275 million or so with the dividend, Im just trying to balance how important it is for you to actually raise more common here near-term.
Irene Esteves: Well as you know one of the big benefits of raising common is you can pay the TARP back sooner. That is one of the major items that were looking at. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler O'Neill & Partners 
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  A little on the heels of a previous question in terms of what you said your average mark on the portfolio, can you, the mark taken on the loans moved to held for sale, what if were saying it was a little more then 50%, what kind of mark would have been required if you actually physically sold those off the balance sheet this quarter. Im just trying to get a feel for that decision process you faced this quarter and then just wanted to bring up your subsidiary Morgan Keegan, on one hand youve had a few recent deals, small deals in early December, but I just noticed it really wasnt even brought up on this conference call, wasnt really brought up much in the release, so what Im wondering is, is Morgan Keegan, do you view that as a source of new capital potentially in the future if there were any interested acquirers, or could that be the source of expense reductions going forward. 
William Wells: Again for our fourth quarter we probably did on an average mark around 47% discount. When we looked at, and thats what we sold, when you look at what we did for the average mark overall down on the portfolio it was about 51%. So youre hovering around that 50% mark there. 
Dowd Ritter: You were correct in that Morgan Keegan had a couple of small transactions. To really add to their expertise going forward weve said it before and Ill say it again, Morgan Keegan is an integral part of this company and the long-term strategy is to continue integrating the two customer bases and there is absolutely no fault whatsoever on our part of any kind of disposition of Morgan Keegan. 
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler O'Neill & Partners: They did have a big increase in expenses, is that really mostly incentive related with the fixed income business doing so well?
Dowd Ritter: Always with Morgan Keegan youll see their expenses will go up in the quarter as you just mentioned when they have the revenues, exactly.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Bove  Ladenburg Thalmann 
Richard Bove  Ladenburg Thalmann : I know that you dont give earnings guidance but since the [STARK] is down about 75% this year, Im wondering if you have any thought as to what type of environment would turn earnings positive, whether it could happen this year or whether you see us waiting until 2010.
Irene Esteves: A good part of the decline as you know in our earnings is the credit outlook and weve taken over $2 billion of credit charges to our P&L in 2008 so that is the big swing factor for us is how long and how deep is this credit cycle.
Richard Bove  Ladenburg Thalmann : Is that still an unknown at this point or do you have any feel in the way youre budgeting 2009 as to when it might contract.
Dowd Ritter: I think as I commented, as we look out into 2009 unfortunately I dont see unemployment having reached its peak yet nor we do see real estate values having bottomed to where theyre start to rebuild and until we see either of those things, I just cant see bank earnings improving.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jefferson Harralson  KBW 
Jefferson Harralson  KBW:  I wanted to ask a question on the changes in the balance sheet this quarter, if you take out the goodwill impairment, the balance sheet grew by about $8 billion due to the debt and the TARP money, could you talk about how youre thinking about the TCE ratio and as juxtaposed against liquidity do you plan on shrinking this balance sheet at all going forward to help the TCE ratio out, or do you think that you just kind of amass liquidity and run with a lower TCE.
Irene Esteves: As we mentioned well look opportunistically at building our TCE but one of the things that is impacting our assets is that liquidity sitting on our balance sheet and we have since then paid off some [task] money which will bring down those assets. 
Jefferson Harralson  KBW: Is there any plan to shrink the balance sheet more or do you think that this is basically the level of the balance sheet were going to have for most of the year.
Irene Esteves: Were reallocating resources within the balance sheet but were not expecting to significantly shrink it. 
Jefferson Harralson  KBW: The $8 billion increase in other earning assets, what is that asset, and what is it yielding?
Irene Esteves: Its primarily at the Fed.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Hagerman  Credit Suisse  
Todd Hagerman  Credit Suisse :  Just in terms of the reserve action this morning, you mentioned that the coverage on the nonperforming increased sequentially, could you give a better sense of how the reserves are allocated, where a lot of the reserve build is coming through as I think about between consumer and commercial in the construction portfolios.
William Wells: One of the things weve been doing for the past two or three years is having a very consistent reserve methodology that weve put in place and we regularly review that and what we did this time is you go back and look at your large problem credits which were [called] FAS 114 credits, we went back, do a single analysis on those, and then we go back and look at our individual pools of credit and we went back and upped a little bit of our ratios in that, when were starting to look at what the impact would be for the overall quarter.  When I go back and look at the reserve you think about it right now that as of the end of the fourth quarter we have about $1.050 billion in nonperforming loans. You add in OREO other real estate owned about $243 million, that comes up with NPAs of about $1.3 billion. And weve got a reserve of almost $1.9 billion. So when we looked at we go back and see how do we allocate and we do that for, it could residential, it could be consumer, and its just part of our methodology that we have. 
Todd Hagerman  Credit Suisse : But could you give us any kind of a sense of again just as you highlighted the residential or the retail commercial real estate and the Florida first mortgage as an example, obviously commercial real estate is still a very meaningful part of the companys asset mix if you will, can you give us a better sense of where you are reserves on that portfolio relative to other pieces of the pie. 
William Wells: Again we went back and looked at our reserve percentages, when we looked at [baddest five] pools and we upped a good bit of that so we feel were more then adequately reserved for any of the issues that we see still confronting the company. And again for us its still been in the residential homebuilder portfolio. Its been in the home equity side as well as the condo portfolios. 
Todd Hagerman  Credit Suisse : The restructured credit took another big jump this quarter, could you give us a sense just in terms of the mix of restructure between the consumer versus the commercial in that bucket and maybe give us a sense of the success in terms of the cure rate if you will on the restructuring credit. 
William Wells: That mainly is that most of the restructuring coming through our customer assistant program that we have in our consumer area.
Barb Guidon: Yes it was, in fact all of it but $1 million came out of the consumer book and that goes back to our customer assistance program helping customers who are stressed. Weve had some very good success in both the restructured loans as well as loans that we continue to modify so a number of our modifications are included as part of our restructure.  As an example bankruptcies were 2% and only 2% of that book of restructured loans. The rest of the customers are continuing generally to pay us and were continuing to work with customers. 
Todd Hagerman  Credit Suisse : If you could, could you just expand a little bit in terms of your margin outlook and specifically as you have termed out some of your funding with some of the Fed programs and the like and obviously there is quite a bit of incentives carrying through this quarter in terms of some of the deposit growth and the company has talked a lot about the importance of deposit growth and how critical that has been to the margin if you will, could you just expand on that in terms of between what youve done on the funding side with some of the term debt facilities and the deposit flows kind of again where the deposit factors into the mix in terms of the stabilizing margin outlook.
Irene Esteves: On the funding as you know liquidity come with a price so as weve termed out our loans even though they are at pretty good rates, theyre not as good as overnight rates. So that has increased our funding costs but we feel its prudent in order to maximize our liquidity. On the deposit side we are beginning to see moderation in deposit rates. Theyre very slow to come down but near the end of the fourth quarter were starting to see that and our rates are coming down and we are counting on that to continue to moderate. And then on the loan pricing side we are looking at risk based pricing and not having exceptions to that pricing so all of those are efforts to moderate the decline in our net interest margin and then the expectation is that it will level out mid-year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets 
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets:  Regarding asset dispositions, are you providing financing for any of the buyers?
William Wells: No were not. 
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets: You mentioned earlier that asset prices on disposed assets were kind of soft in the fourth quarter its still early in the first quarter but I imagine theres more people joining you in the strategy of bulk dispositions, do you expect prices to rebound somewhat or stabilize?
William Wells: When you say bulk, what weve been trying to do for our company is use strategic investors which gets away from a deeper discount then maybe what some other companies may be doing. We do think over a period of time you are going to see more properties come onto the marketplace. What Id go back and point to is we did a little bit better fourth quarter then we did third quarter and our mark pretty much held up to where it was before so we think were doing a very good job of identifying some of our most troubled property and identifying what the mark should be and holding it relatively to what that mark is.  As for the going forward were going to continue to try to dispose of these assets that were have and held for sale and weve already taken our mark on those so we think well have fairly good success. In fact since the end of the quarter weve already sold about $15 million of property and we have bids of I think about an additional $45 million.  So were continuing our process but I will tell you it will be impacted by what additional product will be coming to the market. 
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets: You mentioned that based on your outlook 2009 will be challenging, I was trying to get maybe a bit of a base line, you mentioned increasing unemployment and declining real estate prices, but is there kind of a range, is it 8% to 9% unemployment, is that a range we should think about when you factor in your forecasting and loss projections?
Irene Esteves: Yes, that is the range that were looking at, that 7% going up to 9%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Gordon Watson  Orr Hills Partners]  
[Gordon Watson  Orr Hills Partners] :  When you move assets into held for sale, youre saying the coverage ratio has gone down over nonperforming assets isnt there some sort of a survivorship, Im just wondering what the coverage ratio would be if those loans had stayed in held for sale.
William Wells: When I talked about a coverage ratio the point I was saying, these were loans that are still nonperforming, we havent marked or sold those and the question was talking about reserve methodology so when you look at that, weve got a little over $1 billion in nonperforming loans and we have a reserve of almost $1.9 billion so Ill look at it from a coverage ratio where we think were more then adequately reserved. I think the question was talking about commercial real estate and you look at your pools.  What you do is when you move it into held for sale youre taking your mark at that time what you think youre going to get a bid for that piece of property. We wont move a piece of property unless we think we have a very good chance to sell. As you get into the negotiation phase of it, you may take an additional charge but that has not happened all that, in all those cases.  So you take the reserve deals with existing nonperforming loans, it is not talking about the held for sale. 
Irene Esteves: To clarify, the coverage ratio went up from Q3 to Q4 our coverage ratio went from 1.07 to 1.81 and thats the allowance we have compared to our nonperforming so our allowance coverage went up dramatically given our nonperformers. Its a little more conservative approach.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Marinac  FIG Partners  
Chris Marinac  FIG Partners :  On the restructured loans that went up in the quarter is there any more color on those and do you expect a higher pace coming up here in the next quarter or two?
Barb Guidon: I would say that the restructured loans that went up this quarter again result of our customer assistance program, we are continuing all of those efforts with our customers including when a customer is unemployed because unemployment may start to peak, we may start to see some more restructured loans happening.  I wouldnt want to suggest what that level might be at this point in time but as I said weve had some very good experience working with our customers and keeping them in their homes and avoiding foreclosure. 
Chris Marinac  FIG Partners : Would any of those be construction related loans or CRE loans?
Barb Guidon: None of them are, they are all consumer, in fact to give you a little more color, theres 2,922 of them to be exact. You can see if you take our total $453 million and divide it out, they are relatively small sized loans.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Demba  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey  
Jennifer Demba  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey :  Could you repeat the expense guidance you gave and give us perhaps some more detail about what time of rationalization of costs you might be looking at doing this year.
Irene Esteves: Were forecasting a 2% to 4% expense reduction and its going to come from a number of areas. Were looking at our expenses in all areas, our travel and entertainment expenses, our training, all but the most critical frontline training, were looking at limiting the amount of conferences we attend, its throughout the organization. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of [Rodney Pitts  Southern Elevator] 
[Rodney Pitts  Southern Elevator] : As it relates to your preferred stock that you sold in the marketplace how much do you have outstanding now, do you anticipate offering more preferred stock, and how safe is the dividend on the preferred stock?
Dowd Ritter: That preferred stock is the $3.5 billion invested by the US government at a 5% dividend and that is a very safe payment to the US government and the taxpayers.
[Rodney Pitts  Southern Elevator] : Im really talking about the preferred stock that you offered in the marketplace prior to the $3.5 billion to the government.
Irene Esteves: That was our convertible preferred, hybrid sorry, hybrid preferred that was earlier. Obviously that is a safe dividend that we are comfortable in making and that market currently isnt open to issue additional but we are watching it and if there is an opportunity we will issue additional shares. 
Dowd Ritter:  With that let me thank everyone for joining us and well stand adjourned.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: List Underwood  IR Dowd Ritter  Chairman, President & CEO Irene Esteves  CFO and Senior EVP Bill Wells  Chief Risk Officer & Senior EVP, Risk Management Group Mike Willoughby  Chief Credit Officer 
Analysts:  Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler O'Neill & Partners Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities Casey Ambrecht  Millennium Jefferson Harralson  KBW Greg Ketron  Citigroup Tony Deltaner [ph]  John Hancock Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporation Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Stephanie Hanson and I will be your operator for today's call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants' lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood before Mr. Ritter begins the conference call.
List Underwood: Thank you, operator, and good morning everyone. This is List Underwood and in  given that the morning is very busy we really do appreciate your participation. Our presentation will discuss Regions business outlook and includes forward-looking statements. These statements may include descriptions of management's plans, objectives or goals for future operations, products or services, forecasts, financial or other performance measures, statements about the expected quality, performance or collectability of loans and statements about Regions general outlook for economic and business conditions. We also may make other forward-looking statements in the question-and-answer period following the discussion. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ is available from today's earnings press release, and today's Form 8-K, and our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2007, or our Form 10-Q's for the periods ending June 30, 2008 and March 31, 2008. As a reminder, forward-looking statements are effective only as of the date they are made and we assume no obligation to update information concerning our expectations. Let me also mention that our discussions may include the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these to the same measures on a GAAP basis can be found in our earnings release and related supplemental financial schedules. Now I will turn it over to our Chairman and Chief Executive, Dowd Ritter.
Dowd Ritter: Thank you, List, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us this morning. With me are Irene Esteves, our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Wells, our Chief Risk Officer, Mike Willoughby, our Chief Credit Officer and Bob Gordon [ph], our Head of Consumer Credit. Earlier this morning Regions announced our third quarter earnings from continuing operations of $0.15 per diluted share excluding merger charges. Third quarter 2008 is likely to be remembered as one of the most turbulent and challenging periods in the entire history of the financial services industry. Credit quality, capital adequacy and the scarcity of liquidity for some are the issues that along with the slowing economy have created the perfect storm for financial companies. We expect recently enacted legislation will provide some broad industry relief, but Regions is not waiting for the storm to blow over. As conditions have worsened over the past year we've taken aggressive steps to manage credit problems and mitigate ultimate losses. In the third quarter, we stepped up our efforts to dispose of problem loans and foreclosed properties. About $430 million of nonperforming assets were either sold or moved into held-for-sale in anticipation of sales in the coming weeks in an approximate 50% discount to carrying value. As a result nonperforming assets excluding loans held-for-sale steadied June 30th to September 30th or were 1.66% of loans and other real estate owned. As we move forward, we will continue to aggressively manage exposures, thoroughly evaluating all workout options and strategies. Importantly, our credit issues are well-defined and continue to be concentrated in home builder, Florida home equity second liens and condominium portfolios. We're diligently working to reduce those exposures. At the end of the third quarter these portfolios totaled $9.9 billion of  some $622 million below the second quarter's level. These assets are managed by dedicated experienced bankers who're evaluating all options from disposition of problem assets to reaching out to customers to proactively resolve issues. All efforts to limit the ultimate loss potential. Purely, as an example, during the third quarter alone we contacted more than 43,000 residential mortgage and home equity customers to educate them about various options. A large percentage of these customers were not even yet delinquent. Early indications are that those efforts are paying off as our home equity losses declined $11 million, second to third quarter. Additionally, we're ensuring that our allowance for credit losses remains appropriate. In the third quarter, we booked a $417 million loan loss provision, and added $9.4 million to the unfunded commitments reserve. As a result, the period end allowance for credit losses edged up to 1.57% despite absorbing significant charge offs on the problem loan sales and the transfers to held-for-sale. Regions is also committed to maintaining a strong capital base. On September 30th our Tier 1 ratio was estimated at 7.47%. As all of you are aware a number of initiatives were announced just this past week by the treasury department. One of the most significant of these was the capital purchase program. We had referenced in this very call last quarter that we would look to add capital as opportunities arose, and obviously this program would allow us to strengthen capital with preferred shares at an attractive coupon. We indeed do intend to participate in the program. Based on the treasury's formula, we would qualify for up to $3.5 billion of additional capital providing significant strengthening of our overall capital base. Irene will give you a more detailed summary of each of the programs in our current expectations for participation in just a minute. Let me turn now to loan growth. Third quarter total loans grew an annualized 2% on an ending basis, including 5% annualized commercial and industrial loan growth, reflecting continuing benefits of building relationships. Given the importance of capital, we're now requiring larger spreads, and higher perspective returns on capital for all new and renewed business, plus any new commercial business relationship is now required to extend beyond just the loan to include deposits and fee-based services such as treasury management products. We're also making progress in building our retail customer base. During the third quarter, new consumer checking households grew at annualized base of 2%. Driving that increase, we opened 210,000 checking accounts in the third quarter, 24,000 more than in the prior quarter, and in fact, more than any quarter in our history. Additionally, we're well-positioned to capitalize on the disruptions and opportunities that unfortunately will continue to be created by bank mergers and FDI assisted takeovers. As you may recall in late August we acquired in an FDI assisted transaction, approximately $900 million of deposits from a failed Atlanta bank, enhancing our share in an attractive long-term growth market. Most importantly, we've retained over 85% of those balances to-date. We're also aggressively managing operating expenses by consolidating selected back office and operations functions as well as increasing standardization. Through this initiative we've been able to further the efficiency efforts that were begun in bringing Regions and AmSouth together. As an example, through all sources merger related and otherwise we have been able to reduce employee positions some 19% since the merger. That would equate to just over 7,000 less personnel today than in May of '06 when we announced the merger. 8% of that has actually occurred this year. We remain on track to achieve cost saves in excess of our most recent run rate target of $700 million as of year-end 2008. In summary, we fully recognize that the financial services industry is facing  without a doubt unprecedented challenges and change. We're confident that Regions is taking the necessary steps to preserve, protect and strengthen our company, and our customers. We've identified and are aggressively dealing with credit issues, and we're focused on building profitable relationships with our customers. Let me now turn the call over to Irene.
Irene Esteves: Thank you, Dowd. Well, the third quarter had its share of moving parts three factors explain the $0.24 link quarter drop in operating EPS. The first was a result of the aggressive stance we took in disposing of nonperforming assets. Net charge-offs and other real estate expense related to these dispositions totaled approximately $186 million, the equivalent of $0.17 per share after tax. And this compares to $0.04 last quarter. The second factor related to a settlement with the IRS regarding leverage lease transactions or Silos reduced net interest income by $43 million or $0.03 per share. Lastly, changes in market interest rate necessitate an $11 million or $0.01 per share after tax mortgage servicing rights impairment charge. A $0.07 link quarter swing versus the $67 million MSR recapture that we recorded in the second quarter. So we went from $0.39 last quarter to $0.15 this quarter, a $0.24 difference. And this is owing to three factors. A $0.13 from higher loan sales $0.03 from the IRS settlement and $0.07 related to MSR. And I will cover each of these in more detail as we discuss the quarter in full. Let's start with credit quality. As expected, credit quality continued to deteriorate fueled by declining residential property values. This along with our ramped up problem asset disposition program led to a $417 million loan loss provision, $108 million above last quarter and essentially matching current quarter net charge-offs. It's important to reiterate that our provision equals a net charge-off level that reflect a high level of loan loss related to write-down. Loan sales  write-downs because of the loan sales. We also added $9.4 million to our reserve for unfunded commitment. As a result, the allowance for credit losses ended the quarter at 1.57% of September 30th loan balances of 1 basis point linked quarter. Nonperforming assets including loans classified as held for sale, increased $141 million link quarter to 1.79% of loans and foreclosed assets. But excluding the $129 million classified as held for sale which we expect to sell before quarter-end, NPAs were little changed or 1.66% despite the migration of residential homebuilder credit and condominium projects to nonperforming status. We believe this is a strong evidence of our commitment to identify and reduce our exposure to troubled loans and properties in an expedited way. This quarter alone, we sold or transferred to held for sale approximately $430 million of loans and properties, primarily, homebuilder loans and condos in Florida and our central region. These loans and properties represent the worst of our portfolio. So it's significant to get them behind us. As I mentioned, losses on those transactions totaled approximately $186 million. We don't want to be in the real estate ownership and management business. By proactively selling problem assets we eliminate uncertainty, about future valuations as well as cost associated with maintaining and managing the properties. Third quarter net loan charge-off increased from an annualized 0.86% of average loans to 1.68%, the increase due in large part to dispositions. Excluding those loan sales net charge-offs were 1.03% of average loans. Notably, home equity losses were down to an annualized 1.59% of average loans and lines versus second quarters 1.9%. Contributing to the improvement in this portfolio, the Florida home equity default rate declined by nearly one-third. However this is partly offset by an increase in the average severity of loss as a result of continued downward movement in Florida property valuation. The actions we've taken such as fortifying, relying, and realigning our collection function, creating a separate collections team focused solely on Florida home equity loans are having a positive impact. We're also calling Florida customers who are not yet delinquent to insure they can continue keeping up with their payments and offering them use of our customer assistance program. Looking at another consumer area, residential first mortgage losses were low moved up to annualized 45 basis points. Again, Florida was the driver of the increased losses as we continue to see value declines in many markets. The Florida specific residential first mortgage loss rate increased from 45 basis points in the second quarter to 88 basis points in the third quarter. However, if you look at the rest of the portfolio, the non-Florida loss rate remains relatively low and moved up much less by comparison, increasing from 20 to 23 basis points in the current quarter. Moving now to the commercial side, commercial and industrial loan losses moved up somewhat, but remained manageable during the quarter. In line with expectations commercial real estate construction losses, especially related to homebuilders and condos, increased $152 million link quarter, with the majority of the increase associated with the loan dispositions mentioned earlier. Our efforts to centralize the management of special assets are clearly paying off. In addition, we expect that the centralization of underwriting for all commercial real estate including homebuilder loans will serve us well going forward. Our residential homebuilder exposure, a subset that is less than half of our construction portfolio continues to decline as a result of our intense focus on property disposition as well as pay bound. At September 30th homebuilder balances stood at $5.2 billion. A $556 million decrease versus second quarter. Loans within the portfolio that we have identified as a credit increased to $2.2 billion, of which $557 million was nonperforming. Significantly, in addition to the overall exposure decline, the migration of homebuilder loans to nonperforming status slowed during the third quarter. Lastly, we have made progress working down our condominium exposure, which now totals $1.1 billion, down $532 million or one-third since year-end. We have not seen widespread condo issues across our footprint or even across the entire state of Florida. In fact, our concerns are generally contained to south Florida and the Florida Panhandle, specifically the Panama City area. Condominium projects have been on a moratorium list for some time now and we're working closely with our customers to sell out units of existing projects. Through these efforts an additional asset sales we expect our exposure to fall below $1 billion by the end of this year. Shifting to revenue, net interest income totaled $922 million in the third quarter, $58 million below the prior period, as the net interest margin slipped to 3.10%. $43 million leverage lease settlement charge accounted for 14 basis points of the 26 basis point margin shrinkage. A related $19 million tax benefit reflected on the tax line partially offset the settlement at the third quarter net interest income. Also a factor in the drop in net interest income was $2.3 billion decline in average deposits during the quarter. Over half of this drop however was due to wholesale funding activity and our strategic decision to exit certain public fund relationships. We also experienced substantial pricing pressure from both community banks and some of our larger competitors. We are heavily focused on deposit growth opportunities that will serve us well over the long-term. We've realigned our branch incentive plan measures and waiting to drive quality checking account production and overall deposit growth. Deposits and service quality now represent 90% of our branch scorecard for incentive pay. We've had some success here. In fact, new products such as Regions new LifeGreen Checking accounts are having early success as evidenced by the household growth that we're experiencing during the quarter. Average loans grew annually 5% in the third quarter similar to second quarter's pace. However on an ending basis loans were up only 1.8% annualized. Commercial and industrial was a catalyst of 5% annualized on an ending basis and C&I line utilization was a source of some of the increase with the utilization rates moving up to 48% at the end of this current quarter versus 47% at second quarter-end. We're managing loan growth with an intense focus on risk and risk adjusted return on capital. Home equity also rose primarily due to slowing attrition and less pay down. Line utilization was not materially different, second to third quarter increasing from 50.3% to 51.5%. We've taken a hard look at our portfolio as a whole rationalizing the risk reward relationship of every lending line in light of its capital requirement. Through this process we made the decision earlier this month to exit the indirect auto lending business. It simply didn't meet our threshold for return and did little to further our relationship building and deepening strategy. We expect this move to reduce our leverage by $3 billion by year-end 2009. While we're assessing the profitability of various relationships, we're not planning to exit other lines of business at this time. Moving now to non-interest income, which not surprisingly declined linked-quarter as brokerage revenue was hard hit by the disarray in equity and credit markets. However, higher levels of trust and mortgage income partially offset the decline. Morgan Keegan, the largest driver of brokerage revenue posted total revenues of $293 million or $46 million below the prior period. Fixed income and equity capital market revenues were particularly soft due to unprecedented fluctuations in the financial markets which are severely limiting client investment activity. Morgan Keegan's non-interest expenses also dropped primarily due to reduced compensation. Nonetheless, net income declined $7.3 million linked-quarter to $31 million. Trust income was strong, up $7.9 million sequentially. Higher energy prices provide the catalyst to energy related brokerage transaction within our trust area. Mortgage income was also higher relative to the second quarter, which had included a $15 million loss on sales mortgage servicing assets. Regions operating expenses adjusted for MSR recapture impairment declined $15 million or 5% on an annualized linked-quarter basis. Contributing to the improvement was the quarter-over-quarter decline of $25 million in salary and benefit costs, resulting from solid personnel related efficiencies as well as reduced incentives. Included in other non-interest expenses are other real estate losses and related maintenance cost of $43 million, an increase of $23 million versus last quarter as a result of the aggressive efforts to sell foreclosed properties in the stressed market. Due to the level of pretax income, and the leverage lease tax settlement I described earlier the income tax rate for the quarter was unusually low. At quarter-end, our Tier 1 and total risk base capital ratios are an estimated 7.47% and 11.70% respectively, about flat with last quarter. And we were able to hold our capital levels flat while still derisking the balance sheet through problem loan sales. Let me turn for a moment to talk about the recently announced funding programs through the treasury department, Federal Reserve and the measures the FDIC is making. Many aspects of the original Troubled Asset Relief Program or TARP are still unclear. And as you just heard we've been aggressively disposing our non-performing assets. We consider it our own kind of internal TARP program and we've been very successful. The government's TARP could potentially provide another means for us to dispose of these assets. But many important questions remain unanswered such as what properties qualify and how will they be valued. And until these are answered, we won't really know if we will participate. Some aspects of the FDIC debt guarantee and insurance program are appealing and we have already accepted the FDIC insurance on non-interest bearing deposits and our money market fund. The Federal Reserve's commercial paper proposal is not applicable to us since we don't have a commercial paper program. Our day-to-day liquidity is already strong and relatively low cost. Our participation in the FDIC debt guarantee program is likely assuming the costs and terms of the funding are competitive. As we have been saying we would look for ways to strengthen our capital base in opportunistic basis. Under the treasury's plan, qualified institutions can obtain between 1% and 3% of the risk weighted assets which for Regions equates to an estimated $1.2 billion to $3.5 billion of capital. This program provides Tier 1 capital at an attractive price, that is difficult to pass up. Consequently, in order to provide the greatest flexibility, our board of directors at their regular meeting last week approved our participation up to the maximum limit. We will decide how much to take down once we see all the details of the plan. Given the uncertain economic environment, we expect to take more than we believe necessary. This higher level of capital will enable us to take advantage of unforeseen opportunities and expand our customer base through organic growth or through acquisition. To sum up these are challenging times, but we are effectively dealing with the challenges. We will continue to delever and derisk the balance sheet until we see a turnaround in the real estate market and the economy in general. We're taking aggressive action by selling off problem loans, exiting marginal businesses and constraining loan growth to profitable relationships. In addition we're taking steps to build Tier 1 capital and we're continuing to emphasize strong expense controls. All of these actions are being taken today to ensure Regions is well-positioned throughout the cycle. Operator, we can open it up for questions at this time.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your first question is from Kevin Fitzsimmons from Sandler O'Neill & Partners. Your line is open, sir.
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Good morning everyone.
Dowd Ritter:  Good morning.
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  On the subject of the TARP capital purchase program, the wording that used in the release was that you, Regions has been notified that it is eligible and I just hadn't heard that kind of language because it seem like a lot of the companies are more waiting to find out details and so have you actually been notified and declared eligible for it and gotten any more details than other companies have at this point? I know it's more of an application process, so have you applied and been  and heard a response that you're eligible and I just got a follow-up after that. Thanks.
Irene Esteves: We have been in discussions with our regulators. And we have been told that we will be eligible but we haven't yet applied.
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  Okay. Thank you. And then separately, can you just talk about how we should look at think about the provisioning level going forward, just the absolute level, but also provisioning versus net charge-offs going forward and imply within all that are there going to be more efforts like this one this quarter? Are there going to be more sales? It was this in your eyes is this  are you reaching a high point for provisions and or should we think about provisions equaling net charge-offs going forward? Thanks.
Irene Esteves: Sure, Kevin. We're looking at this program of disposing of our problem loans as a key strategy for us to move the problems off of the balance sheet if we see good strategic buyers which we have in this quarter. And these are loans as we mentioned that we're selling at a 50% discount and we're not in a position where we need to take more aggressive sales tactic. But if we see good buyers out there we will continue to sell our problem loans and our provisioning this quarter was equal to net charge-offs because we were able to keep our non-performers flat. And if we can do that, then we will  you will continue to see us selling those problem loans in the future.
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  And is pulling the trigger on getting more aggressive with the sales? Is it more  is it more result of buyers showing up and being able to transact versus knowing that on the back end you have this capital injection coming in from the government so being more willing to be aggressive upfront or is it a combination of both?
Irene Esteves: As you know, the program was not announced until after quarter-end. So, we have put the program in place long before we knew that there would be additional capital available through this program.
Bill Wells: Yes, Kevin, this is Bill Wells. Last quarter or second quarter we sold about $150 million in problem assets. We probably averaged about a 28% to 30% discount as we rolled into the third quarter, one of our strategies was really to take a look at where we were, what we want to do as far as getting some of these assets behind us, and that was where we really started from and we built our process to really identify  it's really just a combination of what we started almost a year ago of a problem loan identification. You get into how you manage through those problems and problem resolution. So we've had this program kind of conceptualized for a period of time. And so we started this, first part of July, really at the end of June, making sure that we identify our problem assets, find strategic buyers, as Irene has mentioned, and try to move the some of the buyer most troubled assets off the balance sheet.
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  Okay, great, thank you very much.
Irene Esteves: Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question is from Matt O'Connor, UBS. Your line is open sir.
Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities, LLC: Good morning.
Dowd Ritter: Good morning.
Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities, LLC:  If I could just follow-up on the TARP eligibility. Being the first bank to disclose that you're eligible could you just give us a sense of why you think that might be, is it a sign of strength, a sign of weakness? Did you just put your hand up first or just any color around the process I think would be very helpful?
Irene Esteves: Obviously, it's a sign of strength. We talk to our regulators and they were comfortable with us using that language that we are eligible and just as long as we make clear to you, you understand we have not applied for it and have not gotten a response.
Bill Wells: And also it has to go through their recommendation process and then approved by treasury so what we have done is we have been  I am sure like all of the companies in discussion with regulators, I am sure that's part of how you're notified and then what we will do is go through the application process and let us know about participation in.
Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities, LLC:  Okay.
Dowd Ritter: One of the things  this is Dowd. Just think about it this way. Any bank our size, No. 1, you got the regulators in almost on a daily basis on some topic or the other. You have a tremendous program like this announced by the treasury with instructions to deal through your regulator. The first thing we did was ask our regulators, what do we need to do and we got the application form I believe yesterday, as they were made available. And we will submit it but, part of the reason Irene made the reference of we asked the regulators was, was the language we had in there appropriate, was the very fact that if I were on the other side of this call that would be the very thing I would want to know. Are you going to apply for this and take advantage of it. And that's what we're trying to do today is just tell you, yes, it's out there and yes, we're going to take advantage of it.
Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities, LLC:  Yes, I think it's very helpful color and definitely a positive sign. Just separately, I look at the homebuilder exposure. It's actually come down more than I would have thought, probably with a little less pain than you have taken. But if I just step back and look at loan loss reserves overall which were relatively steady. There are a lot of signs from a macro point of view that the economy is getting worse that we should probably expect kind of non-housing related commercial and commercial real estate to experience some pressure. Are you not able to reserve for that anticipate increase in losses, or do you think that maybe they will  the macro environment won't be so bad. Just give us a little more color on the methodology within the commercial and commercial real estate book?
Bill Wells: Yeah, Matt, this is Bill Wells again. What I would say is  think about this. We, as a company, have been through the residential cycle for almost a year now. We were one of the first companies to really talk about residential lending coming out of the fourth quarter of '07. So we put in our plans of managing, identifying, we shifted some of our key people from production into problem loan resolution so we've been doing this for almost a year into the cycle. We have also been effort of reducing our overall real estate exposure. In Dowd and Irene's comments we talked about residential coming down about $2 billion, but also, since really the merger of the two companies we've had land come down about $2 billion, and also our condo exposure has come down about a billion so again you think about us. We've been in this for a year. We've been working through our problems. Understanding more about what these issues are. We've been reducing our real estate exposure. We've been actively managing our past dues and we haven't seen this really spread to other parts of our portfolio right now. So when you look at that and we have a very consistent conservative loan loss methodology that allows us to say where we think the risks are keeping our NPAs flat while we're able to we thought cover our provision for charge-offs.
Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities, LLC:  Okay. If we do start seeing more stress on the commercial side, just from the economy, I think we would expect to see higher NPAs and higher reserves accordingly, right?
Bill Wells: What you see is, we look at that, one thing we were talking about as a credit group earlier is  again we have been in this for about a year. We're getting stronger and stronger about knowledge of our portfolio, understanding where our borrowers are and how we're dealing with issues. But if you start to see some spread to other portfolios, that's where we will start to look about where we are as far as reserve methodology and what does that mean. We just don't see that right now, happening within our portfolio. So you're asking to say what would happen in the future. Right now we're consistently applying our methodology, we're making sure that our reserves are adequate. That's where we're focused on.
Irene Esteves: Another way to think about this is, as we talked about the loans that we sold were at the bottom of the barrel. And the loans that came in were in much healthier shape. So you saw some offsetting issues. So you see some deterioration in the middle, but what was out versus what came in was in balance better that offset it.
Matthew O'Connor  UBS Securities, LLC:  Okay. Alright. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question is from Casey Ambrecht from Millennium. Your line is open.
Casey Ambrecht  Millennium:  Thanks very much for taking my question. Dowd, I saw you at the Lehman conference. And I think you said that there is no situation at all you can think of where you would need capital. I'm just wondering what's changed in three or four weeks, then I have a follow-up please.
Dowd Ritter: First of all, I don't believe I ever made that comment because at that conference, and at last our quarter's earnings, we made the comment that in this environment if the opportunity presented itself we would certainly see ourselves taking advantage of that to some extent. But we openly talked about the fact we didn't see issuing common stock. That maybe what you're thinking about, but basically the other revenues for raising what would be Tier 1 were just closed at the time. That was the comment that really was made at that conference and since then at earnings.
Casey Ambrecht  Millennium:  Okay. And then on the reserve ratio, a lot of the  lot of peers your size have really marched the reserves up, National City is over 3%. Fifth Third is getting up there. You guys are still down in the mid-ones. Why not more?
Dowd Ritter: The only thing I can say there. I will be glad to let the credit people answer further is your methodology on your loan loss reserve has to do with the losses you see in your portfolio. I can only speak for Regions portfolio and the fact that we feel that we are absolutely adequately reserved and you have to do your own analysis of why theirs is at that level given this economy.
Casey Ambrecht  Millennium:  Okay.
Bill Wells:  And I also add. We  where we see our problems continue in our portfolio is what we saw last quarter, and that is the residential homebuilder, the condominium portfolio and home equity. If you go back and look you see the overall exposure of those two portfolios coming down over time. And our losses were down in the home equity side. So again we go back and look at our methodology and we feel like it's appropriate for the size, the distribution that we have for our loan portfolio.
Dowd Ritter: Casey, in fairness I should have pointed out  don't forget at Regions our home equity book is 100% originated through our branch network. The two you referenced for comparison are substantially broker originated I believe. And that in itself gets you a very different answer on loss expectation and quality.
Casey Ambrecht  Millennium:  Okay. And then lastly, do you expect the TARP to be buying residential construction related assets whether they be land, condos or whatever?
Bill Wells:  I think that's what we're trying to understand. What can you use the capital for? And part of it is what we understand is to devoid, not horde. So I think you can look for a number of ways. And we're in the process of determining what those plans are.
Irene Esteves: I think if you're talking about the special assets that they would be buying from, they haven't been clear on what assets those might be.
Casey Ambrecht  Millennium:  Thanks very much. 
Operator:  Your next question is from Jefferson Harralson, KBW. Your line is open.
Jefferson Harralson  KBW:  Hey, thanks guys. Assuming you guys get the TARP money that may actually decrease your tangible equity ratio a little bit. How do you think about your tangible equity ratio in the wake of getting TARP money and possibly levering that up just a little bit? Is that something that could push you to as a better capitalized company to rethink comment and put a little comment as mix and improve that ratio?
Irene Esteves: Jefferson, we're not planning on issuing any common at this point.
Jefferson Harralson  KBW:  Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Your next question is from Greg Ketron, Citigroup. Your line is open.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup:  Good morning.
Dowd Ritter: Good morning.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup:  Question I had, you had noticed  or noted that the properties that had been sold is about a 50% mark on the properties sold to the $430 million this quarter. And the question I had, one is, the properties that are in the MPA portfolio where would they be marked at in relation to the 50% to the degree provide any color there. And also, as a result of selling the properties and getting an indication on where these would be marked, did that have any influence or any reevaluation that under FAS 114 that triggered maybe some additional write-downs in the MPA inventory this quarter?
Mike Willoughby: This is Mike Willoughby. Let me just talk about that. Our approach to value is to take markets of concern which would be Florida and Georgia, primarily and in those markets, we're  we order appraisal every six months. We have an appraisal review function looks at the appraisals to make sure that they are appropriate before we accept them. And we use  that's the basis for the value calculations. So it could drive a charge down during the quarter if we got new value in on impaired loans. It could be used in conjunction with FAS 114 for reserves, but I think you wanted to tie that together with the asset dispositions, and frankly the asset dispositions had to do with the point that was made earlier, we were really looking to move the worst of the worst in our impaired loan portfolio, and of course they would have gone through the same kind of value write-down and reserve process.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup:  Okay. So the results from the sales wouldn't necessarily influence the level of value that you're holding the rest of the nonperforming loans at?
Mike Willoughby: No, really doesn't. FAS 114 is a very individualized loan by loan process. And our value process is individualized as well.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup:  Okay.
Irene Esteves: Really gets back to are we long-term going to work it out or are we going to sell it? Those are two different valuations.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup:  Okay. Is there any color you can provide on if you were to look at on a market value basis where you would be holding those nonperforming loans in relation to the market?
Mike Willoughby: Frankly, it's a workout decision. It will depend on the property type and in the case of land we might hold it if we thought value was going to come back, but often a workout strategy when you end up with land is to sell it to someone else who wants to do something with the land. So I would say at the end of it all it's a case by case decision on how to proceed at the end of the workout whether we hold it or whether we think our best deal right now is to sell it.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup:  Okay. Another question on deposits, you had noted that you'd lost a little over $600 million in deposits period end. You picked up integrity during the quarter which was about $900 million in deposits. If you kind of look at the net outflows X integrity they were probably closer to a $1.6 billion. Am I thinking about that correctly?
Irene Esteves: Yes.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup:  And the follow-on question to that did you see any stabilization in deposit outflows maybe as we got towards the end of September or into October as the FDIC announced the insurance coverage increases?
Irene Esteves: Yes, we have. Both through because of that and the number of programs that we had in place we have seen a tremendous increase in our deposits over the last month or so.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup:  Okay, so, the balances were actually increasing as the time went on.
Irene Esteves: Yes.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup:  Okay. Thank you, appreciate it. 
Operator:  Next question is from Susan Stemmings [ph] from John Hancock. Your line is open.
Tony Deltaner  John Hancock:
 :
Irene Esteves: Of the holding company.
Tony Deltaner  John Hancock: Okay. And in terms of your  the securities available for sale that we see every quarter, and your statements, I think it was $17 billion at the end of the second quarter, I don't know what it is this quarter, but how much of that would be related to Morgan Keegan type assets?
Irene Esteves: None.
Tony Deltaner  John Hancock: None, so basically all the security stuff is at the bank? The available for sale securities are mainly at the bank, that $17 billion.
Irene Esteves: Correct.
Tony Deltaner  John Hancock: Okay. And in terms of I guess availability, under the new guarantee program, which was talked about, you talked about the equity component, the capital availability. And maybe I missed it but what would be the three-year guarantee availability for you folks in any thoughts in terms of what the game plan for that is right now? So I don't know what  how much debt you have maturing by next June of '09 and 125% of that. Could you give us some flavor there of what you and/or the regulator thinks you could have guaranteed?
Irene Esteves: We have very little long-term debt coming due in that time period. It would only be short-term debt and we're evaluating if we were to participate.
Tony Deltaner  John Hancock: Okay so from now until next June you have a very little debt maturing?
Irene Esteves: Very little long term debt, yes.
Tony Deltaner  John Hancock: Okay. So, so, even if something is maturing by June '09, if it's in a short debt category that means it still doesn't count, is that the idea of the program?
Irene Esteves: It's still unclear what will qualify under the program. We're trying to get that clarified.
Tony Deltaner  John Hancock: Okay. Because by definition anything up to June '09 has to be classified as short-term debt in your statements so I guess I'm lost by your, your distinction.
Irene Esteves: Because there are some short-term products which are unclear. For instance, Euro dollar deposits are  we haven't gotten clarity if they are in or out.
Tony Deltaner  John Hancock: So I can see a deposit but I guess outside of deposits, I guess, how much debt would you have coming due by June '09? I guess I am surprised by your statement that you have very little.
Irene Esteves: We have short-term debt. It's on our balance sheet, it's $7 billion to $10 billion between now and June of '09. But we don't know of that how much the government would consider part of this program.
Tony Deltaner  John Hancock: Okay. So in other words, the government hasn't  they've made this statement, so much debt maturing, but I guess the issue is there could be some clarifications of exactly what that is.
Irene Esteves: Correct.
Tony Deltaner  John Hancock: Very good. Thank you.
Irene Esteves: Sure.
Operator:  Your next question is from Scott Valentin, FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets:  Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just regarding margin, you mentioned pretty intense deposit competition in the market for pricing. Can you maybe comment on the direction of margin you see over the next couple of quarters?
Irene Esteves: As we said the  in our 10-Q we had put in what we expect on various interest rate scenarios and what's the big question mark will be is what happened to deposit pricing. As I said we have seen a little bit of deposit growth, but what we don't know is how long it will take for the FDIC's programs to filter through the pricing on deposits.
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets:  Okay, so margin would remain under pressure until we see improvement in deposit pricing?
Irene Esteves: Yes.
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets:  Okay. And just another follow-up question. Regarding book sale  asset book sales where do you see recovery values going to. Do you think they stay in the kind of 40%, 50% range. Do you think there will be more pressure may go towards quarter-end, maybe the market gets little more crowded if some other  some of your peers strengthen up their balance sheets at year-end?
Bill Wells: This is Bill Wells. What we wanted to do is get a little bit ahead of the curve is why we were talking about having this program come back. When you use the word bulk sales we really use with individual properties and work with individual customers that we see coming through. So it is tough out there as far as disposing of some of this property, but I don't know if we can look out for if we're seeing that discount rate is going to change because remember now, we got some of  rid of some of our most troubled properties. We're going to have some more value in some of the other properties that will be in the future if we use to dispose of. So I don't know if you can make a general comment towards that.
Scott Valentin  FBR Capital Markets:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions in queue.
Dowd Ritter: Okay. If there are no other questions, let me thank all of you for joining us this morning. What I know is a busy day and we will stand adjourned. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's Regions Financial Corporation's quarterly earnings call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 15:00:00) =====
Executives: List Underwood - Investor Relations Dowd Ritter - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Irene Esteves - Chief Financial Officer William Wells - Chief Risk Officer Mike Willoughby - Chief Credit Officer Bob Watts - Head of Consumer Credit
Analysts: Matthew OConnor - UBS Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Jefferson Harralson - KBW
 : Ken Usdin - BOA Securities Jennifer Demba - Suntrust Scott Valentine - FBR Capital Markets Chris Marinac - Fig Partners Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse Al Savastano - Fox-Pitt Kelton
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations Quarterly Earnings Call. My name is Stephanie and I will be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants' phone lines have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood before Mr. Ritter begins the conference call.
List Underwood  Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and we appreciate your participation today, a very busy day overall. Our presentation will discuss Regions business outlook and includes forward-looking statements. These statements may include descriptions of managements plans, objectives or goals for future operations, products or services, forecasts of financial or other performance measures, statements about the expected quality, performance or collectability of loans and statements about Regions general outlook for economic and business conditions. We also may make other forward-looking statements in the question and answer period following the discussion. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ is available from todays earnings press release, in todays Form 8-K, our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 or our Form 10-Q for the period ending March 31, 2008. As a reminder, forward-looking statements are effective only as of the date they are made and we assume no obligation to update information concerning our expectations. Let me also mention that our discussions may include the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these to the same measures on a GAAP basis can be found in our earnings release and related supplemental financial schedules. Now I will turn it over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Dowd Ritter. Dowd? 
Dowd Ritter  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, List. We appreciate all of you joining us for Regions' second quarter earnings conference call. With me this afternoon are Irene Esteves, our Chief Financial Officer; Bill Wells, our Chief Risk Officer; Mike Willoughby, our Chief Credit Officer and Bob Watts, our Head of Consumer Credit. As all of you are well aware, credit quality deterioration and capital adequacy are todays overriding issues for the financial services companies, Regions is among them. Earnings are being pressured by rising credit costs particularly related to residential homebuilder, condominium and home equity portfolios. As a result, second quarter earnings from continuing operations were below expectations at $0.39 per diluted share excluding merger charges. We believe that were prudently managing our credit risk and establishing the necessary reserves as Ill discussion in a few minutes. Given the current operating environment and its potential pressure on earnings, we have decided to build our capital by reducing our quarterly common cash dividend to $0.10 per share. At current share prices that dividend rate represents a yield of 4%. The dividend reduction will provide additional capital of approximately $1.2 billion by year end 2009, and will significantly strengthen our regulatory capital ratios. We remain committed to a strong capital position. Turning to credit. In the second quarter, we continue to increase the allowance for credit losses while aggressively charging off problem loans. A $309 million provision for loan losses exceeded net charge-offs by $100 million. This lifted our period end allowance for credit losses to 1.56%. Given the continuing deterioration in residential property values, especially in Florida and the generally uncertain economic backdrop, we expect credit costs to remain elevated. While we are not predicting the duration of this economic downturn, we think it is prudent to plan for no real improvements until 2010. Credit management is clearly a top priority. While its difficult to have a great deal of confidence in projections as to the depth and duration of this credit down cycle, we do know that a successful navigation requires a proactive approach. We have been and will continue to aggressively deal with problem credits. As I previously mentioned, loans to residential homebuilders, condominiums and home equity lending are the main sources of our portfolio weakness. During the second quarter, we experienced unprecedented deterioration in home equity lending mostly in Florida where property valuations in certain markets have experienced significant and rapid deterioration. We have and will continue to implement measures to mitigate portfolio risk, particularly in our more problematic portfolios. Specific to our residential homebuilder portfolio, we have transferred some of our most experienced bankers to our special assets department so that they focus on risk mitigation of problem credits. We have established a loan disposition program one that evaluates opportunities on multiple levels through three different independent working groups. We have intensified our credit servicing function through more in-depth and frequent builder contacts and reporting. We stated our credit policies and processes across our franchise and adopted a more rigorous and disciplined underwriting and review process. We placed a moratorium on certain types of loans including land and condominium loans. Those two categories have declined $1.6 billion and $1 billion respectively since the end of 2006. We have also taken significant action in the management of our home equity portfolio including the completion of a portfolio evaluation analysis, the results of which provide us with valuable information in portfolio work-outs. In addition, we have continued to develop our customer assistance program, which age our customers on several fronts and Irene will provide some additional information on those initiatives in just a few minutes. There is no quick fix to todays housing related issues and their negative impact on segments of our own portfolio. But, the actions that we have taken, we feel are important steps in the right direction, steps that will help minimize earnings impact and strengthen Regions as we move through the current cycle. Even with our real estate exposure with a couple of exceptions, we feel good about the diversity provided from our 16 state footprint and the overall diversity of the loan portfolio. Also, keep in mind that we have no structured investment vehicles, no collateralized debt obligations, no credit card loans and less than $90 million of subprime mortgage exposure. Although capital and credit or funds that we continue to work hard to take full advantage of quality revenue growth opportunities. For example, we grew loans at a healthy 6% annualized pace in the second quarter, up from first quarters 4%. Commercial and Industrial loans were the primary driver, where new initiatives to selectively leverage financial lease of our commercial class by emphasizing usage of additional services, is starting to pay off. On the expense side, we are taking actions that will further reduce expenses and improve our operating efficiencies. For instance, at the end of June, we eliminated another 600 positions, most related to the ongoing centralization of back office and operational facilities as well as corporate overhead following our late 2007 merger related branch conversions. This and other cost reductions efforts, such as our previously disclosed efficiency and effectiveness initiative enhance our confidence in achieving an all-in cost save run rate of greater than $700 million by year end 2008. In fact, in this second quarter, we are nearly there. Our second quarter merger cost saves totaled $165 million, which equates to an annual run rate of $660 million. As a reminder, this is well above of our originally targeted merger cost saves of $400 million. There is no doubt that the environment is challenging but, we are confident in our ability to successfully manage through these tough times. We are realistic about the environment and we are aggressively dealing with the credit issues. We have taken actions to bolster capital and fortify Regions balance sheet. We are developing and implementing revenue initiatives that will enable us to capture market share and enhance our longer term growth prospects. Finally, we are diligently managing expenses. Let me now turn it over to Irene.
Irene Esteves  Chief Financial Officer:  Thank you, Dowd. As youve seen, higher credit cost pressured second quarter operating earnings, driving our earnings per share to $0.39 excluding merger charges. Credit quality deterioration primarily caused by declining residential property values necessitate a $309 million loan loss provision, $128 million above the first quarter level and $100 million higher than our current quarters net charge off. As a result, the allowance for credit losses increased to 1.56% of June 30th loan balances. This is up 7 basis points linked quarter. Non-performing assets were up 35% and net charge offs increased 66% linked quarter, largely driven by deterioration in our residential homebuilder and home equity portfolios. Non-performing assets climbed $416 million linked quarter to 1.65% of loans and for closed assets, driven by migration of residential homebuilder credits and condominium project. The majority of the condo increase came from a handful of larger projects in South Florida. For our newly established loan disposition program, we disposed off approximately $147 million of properties in the first quarter, one example of our proactive approach to our credit quality issue. The majority of these assets has been classified as non-performing prior to their disposition. Well continue these transactions in the future on opportunistic basis. At the same time, net loan charge offs increased $83% million linked quarter, equating to an annualized 0.86% of average loan. Home equity credits caused over half the increase, rising to an annualized 1.94% of outstanding lines and loans, up from 57 basis points last quarter. We are clearly experiencing greater deterioration in this portfolio than originally expected, mostly due to Florida based credits which account for approximately $5.4 billion or one-third of our total home equity portfolio. Of that balance, approximately 1.9 billion represents first lien. Second lien, which totaled 3.5 billion or 22% of our home equity portfolio, are the main sources of the loss. In fact, the second quarter annualized loss rate on Florida second lien was 3.5 times the rate of first lien home equity loans and line, 4.74% for second lien versus 1.37% for first lien in Florida. So to emphasize this point, 22% of our total home equity portfolio or $3.5 billion had a 4.7% net charge off rate. The remaining 78% had about 1.1% net charge off rate. The problems in this portfolio are very concentrated. Within Florida, we are seeing particularly high losses in the Bradenton Sarasota, Fort Myers, Cape Coral, Maples, Marco Island, and Fort Walton areas. Customers who did not live in the properties but purchased them to be used as an investment home or second home were more prevalent in Florida than our other markets and have been especially problematic. As property values have dropped, so has the equity supporting these loans, exacerbating home equity write-offs. Significant income losses are also negatively affecting a growing number of borrowers ability to repay home equity loans. Now weve been taking steps to proactively address the impact of the real estate market on our overall home equity portfolio. First of all, you should know we are recognizing losses when they become apparent. In many cases, this means we are charging home equity loans and lines down to market value before they become a 180 days past due. We review the strength of our equity position based on current appraisal and take appropriate charges regardless of the payment status with Regions. Second, we have a customer assistance program in place to mitigate losses. For example, we are educating customers about what work out options and contacting customers in short order as quickly as five days in some cases after a home equity loan or line is delinquent to discuss options. Finally, late in the second quarter, we completed the valuation assessment of our home equity portfolio, providing granular up-to-date property level information that will help us in making timely informed work out decisions. The assessment results are also being used in a pilot program to reach out to customers who are not delinquent to see if they are in need of assistance. If they are, we immediately make use of the tools within our customer assistance program. In part, due to these and other actions being taken, Regions 90 days past due home equity loans and lines dropped 20 basis points linked quarter to 1.08%. 30 days past dues improved to 2.36% from 2.67%. Let me now turn to our residential homebuilder portfolio. Second quarter losses in this portfolio were also higher but generally inline with our expectation. During the quarter, we charged-off $34.2 million of these credits. In total, our residential homebuilder portfolio now stands at $5.8 billion, a $473 million decrease versus first quarter. For loans within the portfolios that have been identified as exit credit increased from $1.2 billion from the first quarter to $1.8 billion at the end of the second quarter.  Looking at commercial 90day past dues, total business services declined 6% versus first quarter. Drivers of the net decline include both migration to non-accrual credits and credits that were brought current during the quarter. Shifting to revenue, non-interest income was relatively steady linked quarter excluding securities transactions and the first quarter's leased income. Higher brokerage and service charge fee income largely offset lower levels of mortgage and commercial credit fees. Commercial credit fees were lower by $28 million versus the first quarter primarily due to drop in swap fees. However, this was offset by decline in the related market position adjustment before any brokerage income, which increased to $28 million. Service charges rose $23 million in the quarter driven by both seasonal factors and pricing adjustments. Mortgage income was affected by an approximate $15 million second quarter loss until of our mortgage servicing rights related to $3.4 billion of (inaudible) loans. Also, factoring the linked quarter change with the absence of first quarters FAS159 one-time adoption benefit of $9 million. Morgan Keegan posted a $7.3 million increase in net income linked quarter excluding merger charges, which was driven by lower expenses. With respect to revenues, fixed income capital markets activity was especially strong, up $8 million linked quarter. As customer swap to relative safety offered by these products. However, somewhat weaker equity capital markets revenue offset causing Morgan Kegan's total revenues to remain relative unchanged linked quarter. Notably, second quarter write-downs on investments to mutual funds totaled $13.4 million compared to first quarter's $24.5 million charge. The mutual fund investments market value was approximately $22 million at quarter end for these two funds. Consistent with our expectations, net interest income totaled just under $1 billion in the second quarter, $38 million below prior period. A 17 basis point drop in the net interest margin to 3.36% was the primary reason. The margin continues to be pressured by negative shift in our deposit mix, the flow through of recent yield curve movement and Federal Reserve interest rate cuts as well as higher non-performing asset level. Also, our proactive approach to capital and liquidity positioning including second quarters issuance of $750 million of sub debt and $345 million of hybrid capital further pressured the margin in the quarter. Average low cost deposits declined $489 million or an annualized 3% linked quarter, primarily from declines in low profitability, public funds and money markets. Non-interest bearing and savings balances partially offset the money market decline increasing $323 million combined. We have a major initiative underway to build our low cost deposits. We have better aligned branch incentive plans to drive checking accounts production and deposit growth. We are offering new product enhancements such as the relationship focus checking and savings that offer inducements to build relationships through additional products and services. We are creating a new unit which has end to end responsibility for growing deposits including product management, product delivery and deposit acquisitions. Turning to loans, growth picked up in the second quarter to an annualized 6%, driving solid gains and average earnings assets and helping net interest income. Importantly, commercial and industrial loans drove this growth, primarily in central Alabama, Southern Mississippi, North Carolina, and Virginia. With respect to operating expenses, we made very good progress in realizing targeted cost save. Nonetheless, operating expenses adjusted for unusual items were relatively flat linked quarter. While the second quarter reflects solid personnel related efficiencies, these were offset by increasing credit related costs such as higher other real estate expenses and professional fees. Second quarters effective tax rate excluding mortgage charges declined to 28% due to income mix as well as a recovery related to tax information reporting. With the adoption of FIN 48, the volatility of the effective tax rate has increased significantly with fluctuations of 200 to 400 basis points a quarter becoming more common. Regarding capital, our Tier I and total risk based ratios increased to an estimated 7.47% and 11.77% respectively as of quarter end. Both of these capital ratios will benefit from the reduced dividend rates. In fact, the estimated $780 million annual dividend relating saving will add approximately 65 basis points a year on a pro forma basis to our regulatory ratios. The Boards decision to reduce the dividend was based on a very full assessment of our capital needs over the next couple of years. Of course, one of the key variables considered was asset quality trends, which we looked at under different portfolio stress scenario. Our conclusion after reviewing these scenarios was to prudently build capital in a measured way over the cycle. From a regulatory standpoint, we view Tier 1 capital as a priority and are fortunate to have approximately $1.2 billion of additional hybrid capital capacity. If this market opens up with reasonable terms, we will be opportunistic and tapping into it. In summary, we believe the credit environment will continue to pressure the industry and we are taking the actions necessary to successfully navigate through this unprecedented environment. We are directing substantial resources towards working through our credit related issues. At the same time, we remain focused on our customers, increasing branch efficiency, gathering low cost deposits, and enhancing our market share, and driving down overall cost. Finally, the dividend action we took strengthened our capital base and helps position us for future growth. All of these initiatives will help drive results both during the current cycle and as we transition to a more favorable operating environment. At this time, operator, we are ready to take questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Matthew OConnor, UBS. Sir, go ahead.
Matthew OConnor: If I can just follow up on your comment that you will be opportunistic with respect to capital if the market opens up. Can you just give into more detail on that with respect to would it be common, non-common?
Irene Esteves: Thanks Matt. Yes, as I mentioned we have quite a bit of capacity for Hybrid Capital which would be our target for additional Tier 1 capital. We see no reason at this point to be raising dilutive capital.
Matthew OConnor: Okay. And just separately net interest margins under a bit of pressure last couple of quarter here. And with the market rates, just the Fed rates relatively stable, should we expect more stability going forward to the NIM?
Irene Esteves:  Performance of the NIM is as expected given our asset sensitivity. It also has to do with -- thats being conservative on our funding and liquidity position, I would expect a continued compression on that, what will have a big swing factor is what happens on deposits and what happens on competitive pricing.
Matthew OConnor:  Okay. Any thoughts in the magnitudes, should we expect it to be as being what it was this quarter, next quarter in terms the decline?
Irene Esteves:  I think you can get a good idea from looking at our disclosures in our 10-K of what interest rate reductions will do to our margin.
Matthew OConnor: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos from JP Morgan. Sir, go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Maybe I could start first with the dividend cut. Can you maybe walk us through how you determined $0.10 to be the right number?
Irene Esteves: We looked at the number of factors. As I mentioned, were looking out at various scenarios of what could happen on the credit front and what that would do to our payout ratios and our capital conservation under those different methodologies, looking at our dividend payout ratio along with our dividend yield or some of the issues that we were looking at.
Steven Alexopoulos: Was there a long term targeted payout ratio in mind?
Irene Esteves: We dont have a formal policy on that.
Steven Alexopoulos: What were the charge offs associated with the sale of the 147 million in properties?
William Wells:  This is Bill Wells, Steven. We paid up that bit of properties to take a look at, we sold about a 147 million, we had about a 30% discount on that, taking around 20 something, $25 million that about right so, thats what we had.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And maybe just a final question, when you look at the home equity book, how high do your model home equity net charge offs to get in over the next year, just some color on the quality of the book and what are your thoughts on how high losses could go there near term?
William Wells: Well, what we did is we look at an ongoing basis and we go back and try to look at what we see the rolled rates are going to be. We dont really give any guidance on what we think the projections might be, Im sorry Steven but, we take a hard look at it, do it under various scenarios, we look at our underwriting standards, we look at how we -- are customer selection we are going back to the values. Irene mentioned a little bit earlier, I think it was a good point is when you look at the portfolio and you take the home equity book, you bow it down to Florida and then you look at about that $3.5 billion that is second lien, and net charge offs was about 4.74%. You compare that to first lien in Florida is 1.37. So, we have identified what that book of business is under the most pressure. Then I go back to say the rest of the book is performing pretty well, the rest and the outside of Florida, the home equity book.
Steven Alexopoulos: If you look at that secondly Florida piece though, could it get materially worse from there over the next couple of quarters just that one segment at the home equity book.
Dowd Ritter:  Well, I think for us it really looks about where we think the economy and properties value will go. Ill let Morgan speak a little bit more to that point.
Irene Esteves:  And, we do look at the home price depreciation and we do look at the normalize trend and we do again look out overtime as to when we see that normalized trend both for Florida properties as well as properties for the rest of our footprint. We feel pretty good about it. What our thoughts on and where these numbers might go.
Steven Alexopoulos: Are you seeing that you are -- if you are okay with the under 5% charge-off you near term in the Florida in second lien book that you are seeing?
Irene Esteves:  Right now, what we are seeing in Florida is that the numbers that are coming in on a daily basis we look at them everyday, they stabilize, and thats the short-term outlook and there is -- they are well possessed, again there could be impact from economic factors that could happen in the future.
Dowd Ritter:  Steven, what I will get back, we look at on an ongoing basis and a lot of its going to be what we see what properties values are going to continue to do and from the credit side weve always said what employment will do and how that will factor in. So you are asking for a lot of predications that we might not, we just dont have the answers for right now. But, I will say that we are looking at it on going basis where as Irene had mentioned earlier taking or identifying our problems, identifying our losses as they come through the portfolio.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mr. Jefferson Harralson from KBW. Go ahead sir. 
Jefferson Harralson: Thank you, guys. The question about your first lien home equity business, what kind of severities are you seeing in your NPAs for both Florida and the overall book?
Dowd Ritter: Well, when I look at it, we go to our rules based and how we look at our past dues and what you are seeing is as we approach from past due 90 days that go into NPA thats what you are seeing the charge-offs comes through. You might see a little bit of it, you got the value there that might be from Florida for the foreclosure side. But, on first liens in Florida it's about 1.37% and the rest of the book is about 0.60.
Jefferson Harralson: And, for each house that you (inaudible) on a first lien portfolio, is it right second, or you are getting pretty close to 100% severities or because your first liens are somewhat lower loan to values, are you getting some value out of a foreclose first lien?
Irene Esteves:  It sort of a foreclosure were have gotten -- on a foreclose, first lien we are typically getting and again its 10.3 in Florida but $0.60, $0.70 on the dollar.
Jefferson Harralson: Okay 
Operator:
 :
 :
Edward Najarian:  Questions. First one, can you give us any inside as to how much reserve build, do you feel you have to go. I mean weve seen a lot of companies with more aggressive reserve building actions this quarter. I am just sort of wondering that to what extent you think you might have to continue to build the reserve over the next several quarters; that would be the first question. Second question would be, with the 7.5% Tier-1 capital ratio you are clearly below most of the other large peer banks, large regional banks; obviously, cutting the dividends and try to preserve capital. Could you outline any capital rising initiative that you would consider assuming that the convertible preferred or trust preferred markets remain locked up or out of equation at least in the near term. So, any kind of balance sheet initiatives or other things you might consider to, try to preserve or enhance capital ratio. And then third question, $67 million MSR recapture, is there anything that we should consider as one time other than the merger related costs that might have offset back? Thank you.
William Wells: Hey, Ed this is Bill Wells, I will take the first one then I will let Irene handle the next two. On the reserve bill, what we do is we have a reserve methodology that we go through on an ongoing basis. Weve had this methodology in place for a number of years and what I can define it is consistent. We take a look at different stress factors that you see within the different portfolio. We look at the moderation of problem loans over a period of time and thats what we do on an ongoing basis. So, we are not projecting out what we think the reserve bill would, but what I can tell you is, the methodology has been applied consistently over time. It takes in historical factors, what we think will happen within the market by different product lines, geography as well as problem migration. Thats how we look at our reserve methodology. Now, let Irene handle the capital and MSR? 
Edward Najarian:  If I could just jump in, would it be fair or do you not even want to go this or would it be fair to say we should expect at least as much reserve bill than 3Q and 4Q as we saw in 2Q or that not even?
William Wells: Ed, I think what you have to do is look at -- we have to do internal assessment of what our problem loan migration would be and what our movement in non-performing assets I mean thats I what I would be looking at really went up. We are looking at our reserve methodology. So, I cant say what that number would be for any particular quarter, we got to look whats happening within the market place and within our loan portfolio.
Edward Najarian: Okay. 
Irene Esteves: And, this is Irene. On the Tier-1 capital, as we mentioned we are at 7.47% now with the dividend change will get another 65 basis points a year. So, we have another 97 basis points by year end 2009. And of course, we would -- our next preferred on capital raise would come from convertible preferreds, and if we felt we really needed capital and that market was still closed we go straight preferred, but as I said earlier, we do not see any need to go to comment at this point.
Edward Najarian: Okay, but you would consider a convertible preferred offering if you were able to do that?
Irene Esteves:  It all -- I dont want to predict on what we were or wouldnt do it all depend on what were looking on the credit front, as well as the terms available at the point in time.
Edward Najarian: And, then lastly would it not be reasonable to exclude this $65 million MSR write up typically when we are seeing you rate of MSR in the past, we have seen an equally offsetting amount of security losses or something of that all, we didnt see that this quarter?
Irene Esteves:  You have seen in times, when we have an MSR write-down that we had other security gains, and I think theres only one other time when we saw the reverse. But we did have the $14 million lost on the sale of the Ginnie Mae business and we did have a $13 million write-down on the Morgan Keegan fund, which I would also exclude. But as you alluded to theres a number of things going through our statement each quarter. So, Ill call it unusual this quarter, but doesnt mean, may not happen next quarter.
Edward Najarian: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Irene Esteves: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mr. Ken Usdin from BOA Securities. Go ahead sir.
Ken Usdin: The first question, just back on the overall credit picture, Dowds your comments in your preferred remarks about expecting ever be it credit cards through, you know, potentially you are thinking through at least into 2007. And Im just wondering when we think about the fact that charge-offs really accelerated this quarter, but you did still provide, how should we be thinking about just the basis of overall provisioning expense from here, I mean, we are going continue to see not just over provision but just the absolute dollars of provisioning continue to grow as well charge off and reserved bill continues, any additional color would be helpful?
Dowd Ritter: Sure, Ken. Let me first, in my opening remarks well, I was talking about was real estate values have declined, real estate values and although we are beginning to predict and we will have a flattening of the declines, when we will have an improvement in residential property values, what I was saying for conservatives and we are assuming no improvement in property values until 2010. Didnt mean to infer that we saw no improvement in credit quality we just see no improvement in property values, near-term horizon and I will let Bill Wells, Bill you might want answer to.
William wells:  Yes sir. What I would say you are there to go back and with their charge-offs, I mean they went from 53 basis points up to 86, when operate that down the story for us continues to be residential home building condo and also home equity. If you work within the numbers, really commercial and industrial commercial prices have actually down. We had a little blip up with the last quarter due to national home builder credit and then one large unsecured business line, but commercial charge-offs are down. So for us when I look at the $80 million increase, it comes down for continued pressure on residential, which we talked about earlier and then the increasing the home equity book which is about 50 million of that $80 million.
Ken Usdin:  Right so, but it seems like trends on both of those two books, thanks for that clarification on the prices. We will continue to increase or decline incrementally as what it seems like through the delinquency trends et cetera. So Im just not quite sure, I understand that the direction from here, are we going to continue to see a meaningful increase in charge-offs from here just based on the frequency and severity continues to go the wrong way?
William wells:  Again I dont know, if I could characterize as your words say meaningful. I mean what we would say is, we saw an increase over quarter-over-quarter, again what weve been telling you over a period of time is that continued pressure on the residential home builder book as well as now the home equity what we try to do this time is clarify as best we can where we think that problem is within the home equity book. Where I think the story is, is just where a property values are, in general and we are going to be reflection of that. So, I cant -- we are not making any predication of what we will see for the next quarter, there is going to be continued pressure. We talked about that you see arising in nonperforming asset that you think they are going to be the more pressure conferred. Ill step back and look at our portfolio and see residential home builder, condo and also home equity is kind of where we see the pressure within our portfolio.
Edward Najarian: Okay, and my last question is just on the first more real estate book and the largest book of the portfolio is charge off there a still relatively low there but, they did your also double 21 basis point the 43 basis point, can you just talk through what you are seeing in the first mortgage the regular residential mortgage book and if that some showing any incremental signs on its own?
William wells: But, one thing I think, on the construction book you saw the acreage is go up as the reflection of some of our sales coming through, and I have [indiscernible] who will talk about residential just in general.
Irene Esteves: Yeah, the residential mortgage book we saw that delinquencies has sold around we have also seen net loss has hit the loss at the when at marginally on that book of business, average cycle scores winning strong and it could have any pressure dollar on that book so little bit in Florida but again because we are in a first position we are not certainly not being finishes the we are in [indiscernible].
Edward Najarian: Okay. Thanks, very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba from Suntrust. Go ahead maam.
Jennifer Demba:  Thank you. In the residential builder book it looks like about 30% of your loans are considered problem loans but your charge offs in that category particularly low in the quarter, can you comment give us some color around that, and what kind of loss varies are you seeing in these types of loans?
Dowd Ritter: Yes, it might well be, we are seeing depending on the property type for lost in lands I will say  we are seeing not a lot of loss severity like I think you are meaning it one who are selling we might say  we might get $0.60 on the dollar in that category, mostly the charge offs result from having to reappraise these properties and write them down to value so, you have got a combination of sales where we would be testing the market and their write downs based on appraisals. And I think, as you look back at the beginning of the year we had identified $850 million in problem loans that went to $1.2 billion at the last quarter and now is to a $1.8 billion this quarter.
Jennifer Demba: Are you expecting no charge offs to get higher in those categories as the next few quarters, over the next few quarters given, Im sure there would give me a lot more problem once on the market?
William Wells:  Hi, Jennifer, this is Bill Wells. Now, well continue to look at the residential books. The one thing that Ive seen is the overall balances are coming down, we reduced the home builder overall portfolio about $470 million, some of positive things we have done, we think weve got arms around the whole portfolio, we shifted a lot of the residential lenders, they have a lot of experience. Weve moved in into special access, we developed work-out plan. So, we are working very hard to move these portfolios either to work-out situation or resolve them, assure them up in some way. I think you are going to continue to see pressure overall in the residential portfolio. But, I think that goes back to where a lot of other financial institutions are saying about their portfolios too, kind of a reflection of what its happening within the market.
Jennifer Demba:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Valentine from FBR Capital Markets. Go ahead sir. 
Scott Valentine:  Thanks for taking my question. Sir, I had a question on criticality outside of construction and here are consumer firmly, namely commercial real-estate and C&I. Just wondering if you are seeing any weakness in maybe the Florida market?
Dowd Ritter:  Scott, what we did as you would expect. We dont do our commercial portfolio and that, we did a review recently and we did with the residential weve increased the amount of credit servicing weve done. And right as of now we have not seen any significant change or deterioration in the commercial real-estate portfolio. On the C&I side, some of our numbers, past due numbers show that actually that dues are coming down a little bit, a lot of due to our hard work of managing that portfolio. But we have not seen any pressure on those types of products. Yes, those portfolios.
Scott Valentine:  Okay. And just a followup on the home equity and credit portfolio. Are you seeing any changes in usage by customers or are you aggressive reducing lines?
Dowd Ritter:  We are and Ill let Irene (ph) talk about that.
Irene Esteves: Our Home Equity portfolio sits on a credit card platform and because of that we have the ability to do line management over limit management et cetera. So all of those types of tools weve been aggressively doing that since 2003, we were also doing the revaluation of the portfolio, we are also looking for opportunities, we are as appropriate for us to please align or cancel align on customers beginning of that program are ongoing.
Scott Valentine: And, that activity increase, I guess it is environment?
Irene Esteves: I think increase in this environment, yes.
Scott Valentine:  Thank You.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Marinac with Fig Partners. Go ahead sir.
Christopher Marinac: Thanks good afternoon I just wanted to give a little more color on CNI trends and particularly you know the fact that charge-offs is not going down this quarter is that anomaly compared to last few quarters or what you would expect?
William Wells:  Well what we saw last quarter was we had a couple of large charge-offs going it to trends and it still look at a National Home Builder and a large unsecured credits, a light popped up a little bit also in our small business area you probably saw rights trend up a little bit and overall what I saw on this quarter is charge-offs came in on the commercial book pretty much where as we suspected as in the small business area I think the moderate a little bit over all the Florida for us so what I would say is we got more back in lien where we were as a Fourth quarter.
Christopher Marinac: Okay. And then a separate question just about opportunities to win market share whether its in Florida or elsewhere on your foot print? Are there any markets in particular that are better than others that we see opportunities the next few quarters?
Dowd Ritter: We absolutely think there are opportunities to increase market share both on relationships on the commercial side and deposits in relationships on our consumer loans management sides. And really of putting a lot of emphasis on that as we all actually known is called which had been in our time talking about the real estate values and credit issues in the industry. And I am trying to spend a lot of my time as I did this morning talking to our employees about focusing on taking business away from other people that might be having more trouble than we are in this environment and weve got a overall going on across all lines of business and particularly in some of our South Eastern geographies doing there.
Christopher Marinac :  Okay. Good, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Todd Hagerman from Credit Suisse. Go ahead sir.
Todd Hagerman:  Good afternoon everyone. Couple of questions are you just circling back first half in terms of the home builder portfolio, Bill and Mike if you could just a little bit more clarification terms if I think about the land only in the lot of portfolios again the given the commentary in terms of the real estate prices decline I would have sought that we would have seen a little bit more improvement with in those buckets and again Mike as you talked about kind of the appraisal process can you give us a better sense of kind of what you reserve allocation there or what kind of in term you have seen decrease I think about the raw land component?
Dowd Ritter: Okay. I will -- starting with Home Builders you know, we are at between 9 and 10%.non-performing loans in that portfolio and the portfolio has come down a good bit, since we first started talking about this at the beginning of the year. I like to say that, when I look at this, I see a fairly quick increase on non-performing loans. I think the loss pieces, is right where it should be. So, I will note that I have a lot to add to where we are in home builders, we are happy that we were able to get our planned exposure down this quarter. We are also happy we were able to get our condo exposures down, and frankly part of way to look at it is to isolate what the issues are, which should be condos, homebuilders work those as aggressively as we can, and thats way we think for us.
William Wells: And okay, I would add to that, we identified overall land exposures back for the merger, as a key issue weve been bringing that down significantly over a period of time and we work extremely hard and we dedicate a lot of resources to doing that. You talked little bit and talked about the appraisal process, what we are seeing, weve been committed at independent appraisal process, is about that the line of business, we look at values on an ongoing basis. We identified, I guess if there is take a credit, whatever we look out at on ongoing basis forwardly, weve identified whatever reserved or discount, we think it might be. And as I mentioned earlier that goes into our overall methodology that we build for the loans.
Todd Hagerman: Okay, I just see $3.2 billion of land related exposure and given the level of non-accrual loans, you showed that you would have expected to see little bit more impairment in the quarter, given the decline of real estate values?
Mike Willoughby: Well, this is Mike. Well you have got to remember that, as this process takes place and think about it from, how quickly things have changed going back perhaps for the fourth quarter of last year, and what weve done is, weve identified markets of concerned. We get more frequent appraisals done in markets of concern just to make sure that our recurring value is appropriate and I think one of the issues there is in market of concerned the historical comps and what that might be telling us right now. So, I guess in summary, were following our process, were doing it revalidating values in those markets every six months and we havent got into the point that you are thinking we should be at this point.
Todd Hagerman: Okay. Thanks, Michael. And just separately for Irene, again can you talk about or speak to any balance sheet strategies that you maybe thinking about in terms of your capital planning?
Irene Esteves:  Beyond, the Tier 1 capital that we have discussed.
Todd Hagerman:  Beyond the Tier 1capital and the organic growth in the prospects for hybrid capital raise, but specifically any de-leveraging that you are considering?
Irene Esteves:  We are open for business and we are bringing in additional clients and we have no plans to reduce our activity in that regard.
Todd Hagerman: So, the balance sheet will continue to grow?
Irene Esteves:  Yeah, that is our objective.
Todd Hagerman:  Terrific. Thank you.
Operator:  And the final question will come from Al Savastano from Fox-Pitt Kelton. Sir go ahead.
Albert Savastano: Good afternoon. Could you give us a sense of the loan losses in our ability that happened over the past couple of quarters, is it just for the home builder, home equity and condo portfolios?
Williams Wells: Yeah, what we have done I think we put in about $55 million in the first quarter and then $100 million this quarter. We go back to that reserve methodology that we put in place several years ago, and we look at it from a different perspective. Home builder would be one, but we look at different portfolios within our loan book, also we look at migration of problem asset. So I would say that there is any one particular product that we look at its a combination of looking at the overall loan portfolio. 
Albert Savastano: To get some of the higher reserves that in the consumer portfolios what has happened is a just delinquency endurance? 
Williams Wells: Say it one more time.
Albert Savastano: Yeah, higher consumer loan most reserves, is it just delinquency driven or what else is happening to get that reserve to go up?
Williams Wells:  Well I mean, we look at it on an ongoing basis and it may be a combination of what we are seeing happening within the different geographies. We look at our past due, which you mentioned delinquency. We will also would look at our charge-off from that perspective also too. So it would be a combination of factors that we would look from a consumer both.
Albert Savastano: Okay, thank you.
Dowd Ritter:  Operator, if there are no more questions, let me thank everyone for joining us today. We appreciate it and we will stand adjourned.
Operator:  Thank you for joining the Regions Financial Corporations quarterly earnings calls. This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  C. Dowd Ritter  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer William Wells  Chief Risk Officer, Senior Executive Vice President Irene Esteves  Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President List Underwood  Investor Relations 
Analysts: Steven Alexopolous - JP Morgan Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler ONeill & Partners Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch Chris Mustacio - Stifel Nicolaus & Co Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse Matt OConnor  UBS Securities Ken Usdin - Bank of America Securities Jefferson Harralson  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Jeff Davis - FTN Midwest Securities Jennifer Demba - Suntrust Robinson Humphreys, Inc. 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Regions Financial Corporations quarterly earnings call. My name is Jennifer and I will be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants on the line have been placed on listen-only. At the end of the call there will be a question-and-answer session. If you wish to ask a question please press *1 on your telephone keypad.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood before Mr. Ritter begins the conference call. 
List Underwood: Welcome and good morning everyone. This is List Underwood and we appreciate very much your participation today. Our presentation will discuss Regions business outlook and includes forward-looking statements. These statements may include descriptions of managements plans, objectives or goals for future operations, products or services, forecasts of financial or other performance measures, statements about the expected quality, performance or collectability of loans, and statements about Regions general outlook for economic and business conditions.  We also may make other forward-looking statements in the question-and-answer period following the discussion. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ is available from todays earnings press release, in todays form 8K or in our form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2007. As a reminder, forward-looking statements are effective only as of the date they are made and we assume no obligations to update information concerning our expectations. Let me also mention that our discussion may include the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these to the same measures on a GAAP basis can be found in our earnings release and related supplemental financial schedules.  Dowd? 
C. Dowd Ritter: Thank you List and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining for Regions first quarter earnings conference call. With me this morning are Bill Wells, our Chief Risk Officer and Mike Willoughby, our Chief Credit Officer. Also joining us is Irene Esteves who just last week began as our new Chief Financial Officer replacing Al Yother who is as most of you know recently retired. We all miss Al and certainly wish him and his family the best, but at the same time we are very excited to have someone with Irenes impressive background and experience on board.  Since Irene has only been with us about a week, List will provide a detailed discussion of our quarterly performance later in the call after which we will as usual take any questions that you might have.  Despite a very difficult operating environment, Regions achieved first quarter earnings from our continuing operations of $0.55 per diluted share excluding the merger charges. At the same time we continued to pro-actively address the ongoing challenges of the slowing economic growth and a worsening credit cycle. We increased our allowance for credit losses to 1.49%, increased our tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio to 5.90% and took additional steps to improve our cost structure, wrote down our Morgan Keegan mutual fund investments and implemented some new broad based revenue initiatives.  In other words we are taking actions that continue to position us to successfully manage through this current economic cycle as well as prepare us for longer term profit potential.  I want to spend a few minutes elaborating on some of those actions but first let me share a few additional thoughts about the first quarter.  Our first quarter earnings were solid given this current operating environment. Unusual revenue and expense items largely offset one another and List will take you through those in a few minutes. As expected our credit quality did deteriorate during the quarter. We remain comfortable with our overall loan portfolio, however with the exception of that residential home builder portfolio which we are managing as we outlined to you last quarter.  With the widespread decline in residential property values, our home equity portfolio losses also increased from the fourth quarter but we feel remain manageable. Much of the relative strength in our portfolio stems from the fact that we have historically shied away from non-traditional mortgage products; things like option ARMs, negative amortizing loans, loans with teaser rates, and at the same time we have originated and underwritten our portfolios in house. As a result while we fully understand and expect mortgage related losses to increase as we progress through the cycle we also expect these to continue to compare favorably to others in the industry. List again will give you some additional details on our entire portfolio and its performance this quarter.  Regions security portfolio is straight forward. We view that portfolio primarily as a source of liquidity rather than a source of earnings. It contains no exposure to collateralized debt obligations, no structured investment vehicle exposure and is very conservatively managed with minimal exposure to the sub-prime market. Average loan growth picked up to 4% late quarter on an annualized basis. On the funding side we saw a reduction in our low cost deposits, partly seasonal but also driven by commercial customers using their deposits to pay down debt in this slowing economic environment.  Consumer low cost deposits on the other hand remained steady during the quarter. Overall we expect deposit growth as likely to remain a challenge for us in the industry throughout 2008. Total non-interest revenues if you exclude securities transactions and the Visa IPO gain grew an annualized 11% late quarter, very encouraging I believe given seasonal effects. This helped to offset somewhat the effect of slightly weaker net interest income.  We have also made good progress in developing and implementing some new revenue generating initiatives. You may recall we mentioned in our last quarterly call a formal company-wide process to identify and capture revenue from fee based opportunities as well as look for new revenue streams.  In the case of fee based opportunities we have a working group focused on identifying and implementing programs to realize appropriate and competitive fees related to product offerings while maintaining customer loyalty. Another group has the mission of identifying and launching new streams of revenue and/or they could significantly enhance some existing revenue streams.  Both groups have identified a number of opportunities. They have set their priorities and have begun implementation. I would expect those efforts to translate into some tangible results as early as this quarter. Ultimately our goal is to identify and capture somewhere in the $200-$300 million range in annual incremental revenues from these efforts as we get to 2010.  We are also pleased in our continued success in containing our core operating expenses. In the first quarter we achieved quarterly cost savings of $127 million, which equates to an annual run rate of $510 million putting us ahead of our upwardly revised run rate goal that we set last year.  As you may have read recently in late March we eliminated about 700 positions across the company. These were primarily back office and operational positions that had not been contemplated in our original cost-save estimates when we announced the merger. With these eliminations we have now reduced our net staffing from May 2006 to 15%. Again, you may recall that during the last quarterly earnings call we mentioned that in addition to our incremental revenue initiative an initiative to further improve our operating efficiency. This effort, which we internally talk about it in terms of efficiency and effectiveness initiative, has begun in earnest. Our goal is to improve the efficiency and effectiveness throughout our organization by leveraging our new scale and continuing to consolidate selected back office and operational functions while increasing standardization and if you will organizational chart modeling.  Most importantly we believe that this initiative plus the recent staff reductions will allow us to see $700 million in cost savings by the end of 2008 if you look at our all-in cost save run rate.  With that let me turn it over to List for greater detail. 
List Underwood:  Thank you, Dowd. All in all, first quarter operating earnings of $0.55 per diluted share excluding merger charges were solid. However, it was a noisy quarter with several unusual revenue and expense items that largely offset.  Specifically we received $63 million from the rendition of a portion of our ownership interest in Visas recent initial public offering and reported a $92 million gain on the sale of investment securities early in the quarter.  On the non-interest expense side we were able to recognize a $28 million expense reduction related to the Visa IPO. You may recall we reported nearly $52 million of Visa related litigation expenses in the fourth quarter of 2007.  Non-interest expenses also include a $42 million mortgage servicing rights impairment charge, a $65 million loss on early debt extinguishment and $24.5 million write down of our investment in two Morgan Keegan mutual funds.  Ill discuss some of these items in more detail to clarify core trends in just a moment but first I want to update you on Regions credit quality.  As anticipated both net charge offs and non-performing assets rose fourth to first quarter. Net loan charge offs were an annualized 53 basis points of average loans, up 8 basis points on a late quarter basis. The provisions for loan offices totaled $181 million, $55 million above net charge offs. As a result the allowance for credit losses increased to 1.49% at quarter end.  The late quarter increase in net charge offs was primarily driven by the deterioration in the residential home builder portfolio and losses in the companys home equity portfolio, both of which of course are closely tied to the housing market slow down.  Losses in our home equity portfolio increased to an annualized 57 basis points in the first quarter. As Dowd mentioned this was primarily driven by lower residential property values. Despite the increase, we still believe our home equity portfolio will fare better than most and while it is not immune to broad economic and market pressures we like this portfolio for several reasons. It was entirely originated in house, not through brokers or correspondents. It contains high FICO scores, low LTVs and most importantly it also has a high proportion of first lendings, 41% in fact.  Non-performing assets increased to 1.25% of loans in foreclosed assets, up 35 basis points from year end 2007. As expected, the late quarter increase in non-performing assets was primarily driven by our residential home builder portfolio. In fact, home builder credits accounted for about $140 million in the increase of non-performing loans and approximately $40 million of the quarter-over-quarter uptake in other real estate owned.  We continue to make progress in effectively managing the risk in this portfolio. As discussed last quarter we have fully implemented and executed our proactive strategy for this portfolio. This strategy, which involves some of our most experienced real estate lenders, includes frequent borrower contact, continuous local market review and comprehensive internal analysis of resolution and exit credits.  The residential home builder portfolio declined $1.3 billion the majority of which relates to pay downs. Partially off setting this decline was $340 million of additional funding. The total portfolio stands at $6.2 billion as of March 31, 2008. While the portfolio declined in size as expected given current market conditions, loans within the portfolio that we have identified as exit credits increased from last quarter and now total $1.2 billion. Our focus for this portfolio remains centered on identifying the most sensible exit strategy, one that best serves our shareholders in the long run.  Turning now to other aspects of the quarter, non-interest income excluding security transactions and the Visa income grew an annualized 11% late quarter. Commercial credit fee income was especially strong up $19 million fourth the first quarter, driven by a surge in quarter finance activity by our customers in an effort to manage their interest rate risks. Insurance fees were also strong reflecting our January 1 purchase of a multi-line agency in Mississippi plus some other seasonal factors.  Mortgage income climbed nearly $18 million for the quarter with about half the pick up due to a one-time adjustment related to the adoption of Financial Accounting Standard 159 for mortgage loans held for sale. A fourth quarter servicing loss of $4.4 million also contributed to the quarter-over-quarter improvement.  Conversely, service charges declined late quarter reflecting seasonal factors as well as an increase in waivers due to fourth quarter conversion events.  Notably, brokerage income remained healthy despite market turmoil up 23% comparing first quarter to the comparable year ago period. Morgan Keegans first quarter core operating results were solid driven by higher fixed income revenues. Equity capital markets revenues were also significantly stronger than in the previous quarter reflecting increased oil and gas advisory activity coupled with an overall pick up in investment banking. As you might expect, both private client and asset management fees were somewhat weaker than last quarter, a result of slower demand for traditional retail products and generally lower asset valuations.  On the expense side, Morgan Keegan earnings were again impacted by losses on investments in two Morgan Keegan mutual funds; this quarter totaling $24.5 million. These investments carry an approximate $38 million market value at March 31.  Fully taxable equivalent net interest income totaled $1 billion the first quarter, slightly below the prior period. Seasonality was a factor but an 8 basis point drop in the net interest margin to 3.53% was the primary reason for the decline. The margin continues to be pressured by a negative shift in the funding mix given the lower level of low cost deposits. Changes in the term structure interest rates are also providing pressure as interest rates on loans re-price down and it is becoming more difficult to reduce funding costs.  Rising non-performing asset levels are also having an unfavorable effect on the margin. Average low cost deposits declined an annualized 8% late quarter driven by a mixed shift resulting from customers seeking higher returns in the current environment. As Dowd mentioned, commercial deposits were also a driver as these customers increasingly used their deposits to pay down debt. Importantly, we did see a sign of stability in the quarter with March average total low cost deposits increasing nearly $300 million over February and that does reflect some seasonality.  Positively, the previously mentioned up tick in average loans fueled 6% annualized growth in total average earning assets late quarter. Commercial credits, mainly originated in Tennessee and Florida, drove first quarters loan growth partially offset by a decline in residential mortgage loans.  We continue to make good progress in curtailing operating expenses. As I highlighted at the beginning of my comments a number of unusual items impacted reported first quarter expenses. However, adjusting for these items in both periods core operating costs were stable between quarters despite first quarter seasonal jump and benefits in FICA costs.  Full flow through fourth quarter conversion benefits led to first quarter merger costs saved to $127 million, which as Dowd covered exceeds our goal of $500 million on a run rate basis; a great start to our new year end run rate goal of at least $700 million.  First quarters effective tax rate excluding the merger charges returned to a more normal 33%.  Finally our tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio increased to 5.9% as of March 31. While we are very comfortable with our capital wells, like most banks these days we are in a capital conservation mode. So, as you would expect we have no immediate plans to repurchase shares any time soon.  In summary, the economic and credit environment is likely to remain challenging for the foreseeable future. But we believe we have taken and will continue to take actions that enhance core earnings power, manage credit risks and further strengthen an already strong capital position and balance sheet. As a result, we believe Regions is well positioned to take advantage of opportunities as they occur in the future.  With that, operator, we are ready to take questions. 
Operator:  Our first question comes from Steven Alexopolous with JP Morgan. Your line is now open. 
Steven Alexopolous - JP Morgan: First question, with the dividend pay out ratio at around 75% or so can you talk about the sustainability of the current dividend rate and what you feel might be related to a deeper equity capital down the road? 
C. Dowd Ritter:  Sure, Id be glad to. Obviously we feel like our earnings and our dividend it is a higher pay out than would be a normal policy. Our board looks at that and at this time given the earnings stream that we see going forward taking into account the credit difficulties in this market we are comfortable with our dividend at that level and as List noted we saw a little up tick in our capital ratios and we would expect with no share repurchases if I look at our capital plan, which is basically on a two year rolling cycle the more detail of it, we would expect to see in that plan those capital ratios strengthened keeping the dividend at its current level and that is what we are operating under. 
Steven Alexopolous - JP Morgan: Could you share what that level is that the board is typically comfortable with in terms of a payout ratio? 
C. Dowd Ritter:  Our pay out ratio, we talked about our policy before and basically it is in a 50-60% range. Obviously we are above that right now. 
Steven Alexopolous - JP Morgan: Okay. Just some other quick questions. In terms of home equity the second lien that went delinquent or is in default for the quarter, what were you typically doing there? Were you writing down? Holding the judgment? Or are you going through with buying out the first and going through foreclosure? 
C. Dowd Ritter:  No, obviously basically the jump there that you see is when we talked about valuation decline and probably anybody you talked to in any bank that lived through the late 80s and early 90s to me the biggest difference in what is happening right now is Ill use the word velocity. It is how fast things have changed and the biggest change that weve seen quarter-over-quarter and even if you go back and look at third to fourth and comparing them it is property value issues in certain markets. I would tell you that in a few of those that you saw us basically write off. We did not write them down because some of those they did have a first but they are cases where people as early as 24 months ago had one value on that property and as they started to sell it or refinance it they realized that valuation was 40% below what it was that 18-24 months ago and they are walking away from those homes in those markets. 
Steven Alexopolous - JP Morgan: That is real helpful. Just one more thing. Looking at the land that is in non-accrual, $94 million or so, is that written down to what you believe it is worth in terms of current market value? 
William Wells: Yes, Steven, this is William Wells. We have an in house appraisal review function so any time any credit starts to move into a troubled phase we are requesting current evaluations as best as we can tell what the value of that land is. 
Steven Alexopolous - JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks guys. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kevin Fitzsimmons with Sandler ONeill & Partners. Your line is now open. 
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler ONeill & Partners: Good morning everyone. I was wonderingI heard your comments on credit and you specifically mentioned the home builder portfolio and the home equity portfolio obviously. What I was wondering was if you can give some commentary on [CNI] non-owner occupied commercial real estate and altA because while maybe they havent been big moves in prior quartersthey seem when you look at non-accrual loans and 90-day past due they had pretty healthy increases and just how you characterize those increases at this point? 
William Wells:  Again, this is Bill Wells. We have been all the time looking at commercial portfolio to see we see what the worries [contagion] and see if we started to see anything spread over to the portfolio. Our losses in commercial were up. What I will tell you, part of that is a large unsecured debt through the national home builder and then we also had a business person loan on an individual basis unsecured so those are probably the two pieces that made up the majority of the loss increase. On our 90-days past due which is on thing that we track pretty intensely within riskmost of those are coming to some type of work out phase where they have moved into our special asset area and we are working with the customer to try to work to resolution. Ill let Mike answer the altA piece. 
[Mike?]: Weve had the altA for at least 15 years now so it has been tested through a cycle. It is underwritten primarily in house and unlike a lot of altA that has gotten a lot of discussion our altA isnt because of high LTVs or low scores or low debt coverage ratios it is because of the structure of the credit having to do with making them non-conforming like cross collateralization. So we are very comfortable with the altA piece of our business. 
William Wells:  Id also say altA means a lot of things to a lot of different people and we take a very conservative view about how we would categorize a credit as altA. 
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler ONeill & Partners: Okay. Could you just as a follow-up update usI think you gave the number somewhere in the release, but what the total amount is in the special asset group and is that numberjust clarify for me again, is that included within the non-performing asset total or is that separate? 
[Mike?]:  I think you are talking about our home builder book and we have got $1.2 billion that we have designated to be in special assets. It runs the gamut. Most of it is what we would call classified. There is a good sized chunk of it and it is in the supplemental piece to the earnings release that is non-accrual but there is also part of that which is things we have concluded we are not comfortable with through the cycle but they would not be officially adversely rated. 
William Wells:  Kevin, alsowe took this step probably in the latter part of 2007 and what we tried to do is identify as much as we could issues around the residential portfolio. We took several steps and one of those is moving more experienced people into our special assets work out area and with that what we try to do is identify all the threat we thought we should be looking at and working with the customers to exit them as best we could. As you continue to go through that process a little bit of what List mentioned earlier as you work with your buyer and you are doing your market analysis and you are working with that customer and looking at the portfolio you are probably going to see that number move around as we start to get better at understanding what is in that portfolio. So seeing movement up and down is what we would hope wed see from a risk perspective. 
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler ONeill & Partners: Okay. JustI dont want to belabor this but of the portion of home builder loans in the special asset group that have not been adversely classified, have they been written down to what you think they are valued? Because typically that trigger of putting it in the non-accrual bucket triggers that write down and I just want to knoware these loans that you have you gone through that process or have not because they have not gone through thatinto the classification bucket? 
[Mike?]:  Well if you look at the chart that covers this we have about $400 million of the $1.2 billion that is on non-accrual those have to be marked to market. The remainder of the portfolio while we want to exit those credits are performing, so they are paying interest and principle as you would expect and we would not write those down at this time. 
William Wells:  Kevin also too part of our appraisal review process we are looking at markets on an ongoing basis to see if we see changes in valuation that make us decide whether we should move something to non-accrual or not and we would be looking at that valuation at that time. 
Kevin Fitzsimmons - Sandler ONeill & Partners: Okay. Great. Thanks very much. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ed Najarian from Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Just a quick question in terms of the commercial credit losses just from a mapping standpoint so I understand this correctly. You had a chart on page 12 I guess  or a table on page 12 and then another table on page 13 that dont seem to line up with respect to commercial loan losses. One shows 94 basis points in terms of a charge off ratio and the other one looks to me to show either 67 basis points or 61 basis points depending on how you read it. I guess I was wondering if you could sort of indicate the difference and then secondarily when you talked about the large unsecured home builder loss, national home builder loss, as well as the personal business loan lossis that lumped into the commercial loan losses that I see in the 94 basis points on page 12. 
William Wells:  Ed, this is Bill Wells. On the first part when you look at that other page where youre trying to reconcile to we tried to get it a little bit more granular for you and what you are seeing is the [Myrtle] and what is called business and community banking loans. You have to kind of put those together. The difference on the business and community banking loans if you look at December fourth quarters they really just had one month of charge off numbers. Remember we were going through the big conversion at the time so were trying to get better about our MIS as we go forward. What I would always do is go back to that front section and that is how we look to see of our true [CNI] loans charge off rate. The two loans that you mentioned yes are in the [CNI] loss number. 
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: And that is what predominantly drove it to 94 from 60 last quarter? 
William Wells:  Exactly and we looked at that residential home builder line unsecuredthat is not reflective of what we see in the rest of our portfolio. That was to us an isolated incident. 
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Secondarily  and maybe you have a chart in here that Im just not seeingoh yeah, it looks like you do. Forget it. Ive got the answer to my second question. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Chris Mustacio from Stifel Nicolaus & Co. Your line is open. 
Chris Mustacio - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Good morning all. Just two quick questions. You said a lot of the home builder exposure that was relinquished during the quarter was from pay downs. I was just curious if there was any actual home builder loan sales that might have occurred during the quarter and if so what was pricing on those? Then somewhat related Ill just follow-up nowthe loan loss reserve ratio as a percent of NPAs, and that covers NPAs at about 1.1 times right now, are you comfortable with allowing that to fall below one if non-performing assets continue to rise at the current level or current piece? 
List Underwood:  Could you ask that second question again? 
Chris Mustacio - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: The reserve to NPA ratio, where the reserve is covering NPAs 1.1 times right now if I did my math right and Im just curious if you are comfortable allowing that to fall below that 1:1 ratio if indeed non-performing assets continue to rise at the current pace? 
List Underwood:  Okay. The first questionwe had some sales during the quarter but they were kind of one or two off as weve done. We continually look at our portfolio and talk to people about potential sales. In fact we had a meeting last week. Were trying to get a couple of groups in to take a look at always our portfolio and what we can sell not only from a residential side but looking at all our non-performing assets and non-performing loans. As far as the 1:1 ratio what we do is we have a pretty detailed methodology quarterly that we look at how we assess the risk within the portfolio. We go through several different scenarios. We try to understand what we see happening in the shifts within the portfolio. That is one of the factors that we look at. We feel very comfortable with where the reserve is today. We will look at it quarter by quarter as we see what is happening within that loan portfolio. But I will tell you I dont necessarily look at one specific ratio. We look at several of them as we do our methodology. 
Chris Mustacio - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Could you disclose what type of price you are getting on the few sales you had during the quarter on the home builders? 
[Mike?]:  Generally those are what we call strategic buyers and we did not take much of a haircut. 
Chris Mustacio - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Todd Hagerman with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 
Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse: Good morning everybody. If I could Bill and Mike just get a little bit more detail on the home equity portfolio. Roughly $15 billion turned outstanding in the quarter. Could you give us a sense of what the current un-funded commitments are against that portfolio? Then a little bit better sense of kind of the geography break out similar to what you give for the home builder in terms of the various regions how that would split out? 
[Mike?]:  Well the easiest way to answer your first question is we are about 40% funded and that has been if you want to know very consistent. So we have not seen net funding up under those lines. In terms of where our exposure is, we are in really all of our geographic markets. I guess weve probably seen more stress in terms of what Dowd talked about for values in some of our higher growth markets. 
List Underwood:  Id also add it goes back to Legacy [Anthem]. Most of to me the portfolio is written out of Florida, Alabama and Tennessee. Very little exposure over in the Georgia and the Carolina areas which I think is a differentiation from a residential home builder if that is what you are trying to get to. 
Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse: Yeah. Just as an example the Florida region and the central region what would the composition be there in terms of the total? 
[Mike?]:  Our biggest concentration would be in Florida and central would probably be right after that because it would include Alabama. 
Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse: And roughly how much is that, Mike? 
[Mike?]:  Well Im going to give you just kind of rough percentage basisTampa/St. [Pete] is around 7%. It drops off around Orlando to about 4%. Those are kind of two of our main areas. 
Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse: Again, you mentioned about 40% is funded. Have you done much in terms of modifying the outstanding lines in terms of cutting those off or scaling them back in terms of the region or customers as well? Then could you give us a better sense of how much of the portfolio would say exceed 100% LTV? 
[Mike?]:  The answer to your last question is none. On the first part, can you prompt me with that again, please? 
Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse: Sure. The 100% LTV in terms ofyou have a weighted average LTV on the entire portfolio of 74%. How much would you say exceed 90-100% LTV? Again Im more focused on the roughly $9 billion of second lien product. 
[Mike?]:  On our second lien product we have ensured our second position over 80% LTVs for quite some time. That was something that AmSouth did pre-merger and after merger that has been part of our standard practice. So we shy away from second position high LTVs. 
William Wells:  Also you mentioned about underwriting, we go on a constant basis looking at our individual customers and underwrite them as we start to look at different factors that may come up. Maybe a re-approval of lines or looking as we go through the credit process so we do underwrite again as we look at the home equity book. 
Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse: Again, not to beat the issue to death here but you mentioned some of the geographies but as you look at the portfolio, Mike, outside the geography is there a particular product or customer segment that is showing more stress? Again as I look at the past due and delinquency buckets there are there any kind of tell-tale signs that you can share with us in terms of where you are focused? 
[Mike?]:  Well Id say we are seeing more stress both in terms of defaults and in terms of less [on sale] in some of the higher growth markets in Florida and if I had to pick one that is probably particularly troublesome it would be the Ft. Meyers/Cape Coral area. 
Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse: And that is presumably less than 5%? 
[Mike?]:  Yes. 
Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse: Terrific. Thanks very much. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Matt OConnor from UBS. Your line is now open. 
Matt OConnor  UBS Securities: Hi Dowd and List. I was just wondering what type of loans were the $700 million that you transferred from the construction portfolio to the mortgage book? 
C. Dowd Ritter:  Oh. Youre talking about what went out of the home builder book? 
Matt OConnor  UBS Securities: Correct. 
C. Dowd Ritter:  They would be a variety of loans that between the combination of our conversions which we did in the fourth quarter and if you remember part of when we created this home builder group and took all the home builder credits they came from community banksthey came from a variety of places within the company and the whole idea was to put professional residential construction lenders in charge whether it was in special assets or otherwise. The purpose of that was to be very close to the customer, to be internally focused and to scrub those portfolios and in the process of that plus the conversions there were loans that primarily lent that were coded to residential home builders that were not correctly coded. You would expect that frankly in a merger like were doing is part of what we were looking for when we really started intensifying our focus on this portfolio. 
List Underwood:  And also too, Matt, there is a part of it as you go from construction phase into permanent phase and that is part of our reclassification too. 
Matt OConnor  UBS Securities: Okay. Within the residential real estate how much additional loans are there on this $700 million of thisrelated to this quasi land that one could use also some sort of residential construction? 
C. Dowd Ritter:  Im not sure where that question is coming from. I just would point you to the home builder chart and statistics that are on page 15 of our supplement to the earnings release. I think it gives you a pretty good run down. That is what we think the different pieces of that are by lots, land, pre-sale, and so on. 
Matt OConnor  UBS Securities: Right but that $700 million is no longer included in that $6 billion, right? 
C. Dowd Ritter:  Correct. 
Matt OConnor  UBS Securities: So I guess Im just wondering are there additional loans similar to this $700 million that would be classified within residential real estate? 
William Wells:  Matt let me jump in here for a minute. I think we had a drop or decline in our total home builder portfolio of $1.3 billion in the quarter. $730 million of that was pay offs. We had another $580 million that was recoded or reclassified, what Mike was talking about. In addition to that we had another $340 million of additional fundings where we were funding up construction projects for completion. So that sort of gives you all the components. So we end up today with $6.2 billion in that portfolio. I hope that clarifies it a little bit. 
Matt OConnor  UBS Securities: I think Ill follow-up less specifically on my previous question just to not tie it up here. I did have a separate question on capital actually. I might have missed it but what was your tier 1 capital at the end of the quarter? 
List Underwood:  We dont publish the tier 1 at this point. We dont expect it to change a whole lot from year end if at all. 
Matt OConnor  UBS Securities: Okay that would make sense given what your tangible capital did. So if I recall correctly it was around 7.3% and I can look at that on the one hand the quality of your capital is very high because it is I think all or mostly common. But on an absolute basis the 7.3 seems kind of low or is at the lower end of many other banks and Im just wondering how you think about that and is there a pressure to increase it? 
List Underwood:  Well one thing youve got to look at is also the bank level ratio and it was at year end 8.7% and of course it makes up more than 100% of the holding company. In this environment in particular I think we want to look at continuing to find ways to conserve capital. The markets are very tough right now as you know but we will continue to look there for any opportunities to raise that number and we will continue to. 
Matt OConnor  UBS Securities: Okay so the real number that the regulators will be focusing on right now would be the 8.7 as opposed to 7.3? 
List Underwood:  Well that is the bank level and certainly they are both important but the bank is very strong. 
Matt OConnor  UBS Securities: Okay. Do you have any interest in trying to bring some [sure line hybrids] or preferred into the market? Its kind of a tough market out there right now. 
List Underwood:  Like I said I think we want to remain opportunistic there. The market is really tough but in todays environment if you can find a window we certainly would take advantage of it at this point. 
C. Dowd Ritter:  You know Matt going back to your comment at the start, we do think it is a high quality capital base and as we put the two companys together one of the things we did was we said as we compared ourselves to our new peer group we knew we didnt have the amount of hybrid that some of them had but frankly the market that isnt available right now but in a perfect world we would have absolutely taken that hybrid percentage up just for competitive reasons as we looked in the market place. But if it is not available were not going to do something foolish. As List said we are out there looking and if an opportunity presents itself we will take advantage of it. 
Matt OConnor  UBS Securities: Okay. That would make sense. When you are having conversations with the regulators and the rating agency their sense is that while the [chairman] might be low the quality of that is high so that kind of balances it out at least in the near term? 
List Underwood:  In the case of the rating agencies for example they dont think those are particularly low ratios. We again compare favorably in our categoryrating categories. 
Matt OConnor  UBS Securities: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Our next question is from Ken Usdin from Bank of America Securities. Your line is now open. 
Ken Usdin - Bank of America Securities: Thanks. Good morning. I just had a bigger picture question on credit quality. In January the company had spoken to a couple of specific pieces of credit guidance and taken into consideration some of your commentary already I am just wondering if are there any changes to your view of overall NPA growth and charge off expectations as you had detailed a quarter ago and I guess if not given everything we have seen what would be the key reasons for it not to have changed at all? 
C. Dowd Ritter:  Jim, this is Dowd. Good morning. You know we did that last quarter and we put out there those guidance on charge offs and non-performers. A quick digression as I read most of you that published none of you paid attention to it anyway so basically as we got ready for this conference call I said the world is changing so fast why in the world do we need to be forecasting charge offs and non-performers in this environment? So while we sit here today and I would tell you from the comments we have made we are pretty comfortable with where we were. We dont think it makes much sense to keep updating that quarterly as rapidly as this environment is changing. 
Ken Usdin - Bank of America Securities: Sorry about that. Just in a broader notion then, Dowd, forgetting quantitative updates to it can you just kind of sum up the all the credit characterization we have talked about on an individual basis and just say do you just feel net better or net worse? 
C. Dowd Ritter:  As I said the velocity is changing on a consumer side it is home equity driven and it is property valuation driven. An earlier questionour real concern is not any particular customer segment it is a geographic location of a customer where real estate values are falling so rapidly and significantly. On the commercial portfolio if you look at that it is the residential builder book and again we think both of those near term as we look out through the remainder of this year I think you will see those metrics deteriorate and that is what weve said all along. I dont see anything that has happened in the last quarter that would change that. 
Ken Usdin - Bank of America Securities: Okay. If I could ask one follow-upcan you give us a little context on Morgan Keegan? Obviously there was the charge this quarter. Can you give us some color on your expectations for that business as we move ahead obviously given the challenging market environments the company has held up very, very well as far as top line revenue but I was wondering if we should expect some type of deterioration from here given the challenges and the capital markets? 
C. Dowd Ritter:  Ken, no I appreciate it. You are right I think they had a very strong first quarter. Weve all got to remember they do have many more offices now than they would have had this time a year ago. They are continuing to add staffthe people dealing with the customers and the brokerage side. We think it is still a real opportunity and as we look at our ongoing business Morgan Keegan in partnershiping with the bank whether it is on the commercial side, the investment banking side or on the consumer and private banking side we think there are huge opportunities to increase that penetration. John Carson, the new CEO and his team are working very closely with their counterparts in the bank to see that happens and three months ago probably none of you or us would have maybe said theyd have that strong of a quarter in this market but they did and we continue to see good things happening in their marketplace. The real negative, as you pointed out, was we did have to mark down those funds we purchased by that additional $25 million but on the bright side the value of those that is left is only $38 million. 
Ken Usdin - Bank of America Securities: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jefferson Harralson from KBW. Your line is now open. 
Jefferson Harralson  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Thanks guys. I wanted to talk a little bit about the balance sheet too. Two of the last three quarters you had some negative earnings asset growth. This time it was very nice at 6%. You grew the securities book a little bit. Do you think that kind of balance sheet growth can continue and can you talk about the loan growth you had this quarter and what drove it? 
C. Dowd Ritter:  Jeff, I think that we will continue to see low single-digit type growth. As we look out that would be what we expect. A lot of what is on the books and the growth you see is the result of some planning and some internal efforts that have been underway for several quarters and it is good to see that thefrankly the net new business increases more than payoffs this past quarter. I would tell you that is primarily what you saw. We had pay downs but frankly we had some good new business production and it is really primarily Im thinking first quarter would have been our Tennessee market and Florida on the commercial side. Those would have been where the two greatest pieces of new business came from. 
Jefferson Harralson  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: And just to follow-up on some peoples questionshave you guys contemplated or done some line cutting on customers? Possibly maybe in your most weakwhere the home {percent] have gone in the most and maybe Cape Coral, Ft. Meyers or other most negatively affected markets? 
William Wells:  Jeff this is Bill Wells. Yes, we look at that all the time and we look at the customers ability to repay and we are reducing some lines as we go forward. 
[Mike?]:  It might be worth noting that we can re-score the portfolio quarterly and we also can refresh values quarterly. So were able to look carefully at this. 
Jefferson Harralson  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Alright and finally on theI noticed that the condo piece of your bookit is not a big book but it has shrunk by $400 million. Is that also pay downs, reclassifications or sales? 
List Underwood:  It is primarily pay downs. What I would say is on our condo book while we are continuing to see stress it has performed very well in my opinion. We do see some problems come out of it here and there in different parts of our footprint but overall the condo portfolio has done really well and youll continue to see reduction in it principally from pay downs. 
Jefferson Harralson  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Alright. Thanks a lot guys. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeff Davis from FTN Midwest Securities. Your line is open. 
Jeff Davis - FTN Midwest Securities: Thank you. My questions have been answered. 
Operator:  The last question comes from Jennifer Demba with Suntrust Robinson Humphreys, Inc. Your line is open. 
Jennifer Demba - Suntrust Robinson Humphreys, Inc.: Thank you. Dowd I just wanted to clarify something from an earlier question. So you dont wish to update your previous net charge off and non-performing guidance range at this point? 
C. Dowd Ritter:  That is correct. 
Jennifer Demba - Suntrust Robinson Humphreys, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much. 
C. Dowd Ritter:  If there are no more questions I would just thank all of you for joining us today and we will stand adjourned. 
Operator:  This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: C. Dowd Ritter  President, Chief Executive Officer William C. Wells, II  Chief Risk Officer, Senior Executive Vice President Alton E. Yother  Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Mike Willoby (sic)  Chief Credit Officer List Underwood  Investor Relations
Analysts: Kenneth M. Usdin  Banc of America Securities Christopher Marinac  FIG Partners Steven Alexopoulos  J. P. Morgan Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler ONeill and Partners Casey Ambrich  Millennium Partners Brag Gitawn (sic)  Citigroup 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Regionals Financial Corporations quarterly earnings call. My name is Jennifer and I will be your operator for todays call. I would like to remind everyone that all participants on lines have been placed on listen only. At the end of the call there will be a question and answer session. If you wish to ask a question please press *1 on your telephone keypad. I will now turn the call over to Mr. List Underwood before Mr. Ritter begins the conference call.
List Underwood: Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate very much your participation today. Our presentation will discussion Regions business outlook and includes forward-looking statements. These statements may include description of managements plans, objectives, or goals for future operations, products, or services, forecasts of financial or other performance measures, statements about the expected quality, performance, or collectability of loans, and a statement about Regions general outlook for economic and business conditions. We also may make other forward-looking statements in the question and answer period following the discussion. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. Information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ is available from todays earnings press release, our Form 10K for the year-ended December 31, 2006, subsequently filed Forms 10Q, and the information furnished in todays Form 8K.  As a reminder, forward-looking statements are effective only as of the date they are made and we assume no obligation to update information concerning our expectations. Let me also mention that our discussions may include the use of non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these to the same measures on a GAAP basis can be found in our earnings release and related supplemental financial schedules. Dowd?
C. Dowd Ritter: Thank you, List, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for our fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me this morning are Al Yother, our chief financial officer, Bill Wells, our chief risk officer, Mike Willoby (sic), our chief credit officer. Al will provide a detailed discussion of our quarterly performance in a few minutes, after which well certainly take any questions you may have.  Fourth quarter 2007 was without a doubt the most challenging period that our industry has dealt with in many years given the sharp downturn in the credit cycle and the slowing economic growth. As we disclosed earlier this month, Regions took aggressive steps in the fourth quarter to address the effects of the weakening housing demand on our residential home builder loan portfolio. That included increasing our reserve for credit losses to 1.45% from 1.19%. At the same time we announced that we would book other pre-tax charges totalling approximately $134 million excluding merger related expense. Primarily due to these actions Regions fourth quarter earnings from continuing operations dropped to $0.24 per diluted share, again excluding the merger cost. Al will provide financial details about the fourth quarter, but first I want to update you on our current operating environment outlook and how we feel were positioned to navigate the current challenges and fully capitalize on our many long-term growth opportunities.  A major benefit of completing our merger integration early and having it behind us is that it allows our strong and talented employee base and management team to fully focus on handling todays industry challenges while successfully executing the newly adopted three-year strategic plan. During the fourth quarter we successfully completed all of our branch consolidations creating one common customer platform throughout our multi-state organization that should enable us to serve our customers more efficiently and more effectively.  We have a second-to-none product set, industry leading support systems, and highly trained personnel. Were especially proud of the fact that we retained 87% of our customers going through the integration, which is higher than you would find in a typical bank not undergoing a merger. Further, despite our focus on integration in 2007 our household base has been stable since the merger and obviously, as we enter 2008, were shifting our focus to executing household growth strategies in each of our lines of business.  Overall we agree that 2008 is going to be an extremely difficult year for our industry, but we feel convinced that Regions has the tools and the ability to manage through these tougher times. We have been and we will continue to be proactive in recognizing credit quality issues and taking actions to mitigate earnings and balance sheet impacts. For example, last year we launched, I believe it was in March, a customer assistance program to proactively assist our customers who might be experiencing difficulty during these uncertain credit times.  Although weve never offer products such as payment option arms, negative amortization loans, or loans with PSA (sic) rates, the loan types that are a current source of much of the industrys stress, we have actively sought out our customers who might need our help as their mortgage is re-priced. For instance, since early 2007 weve been contacting those customers with adjustable rate mortgages six months in advance of their rate reset to discuss their ability to make the increased payments. Once weve identified those that might have difficulties weve offered them credit counselling both internally as well as through agencies such as Hudd and more recently Neighbourworks.  Weve also searched our customer base for any that might qualify for the FHA secure home loan program and helped direct them to this option. Actions like these not only help our customers, but they help the bank by reducing delinquency rates in mitigating credit losses. As you look at specific portfolio metrics, our residential first mortgage portfolio carries a weighted average FICO score of 722 and an average loan-to-value ratio of 68%. For our home equity portfolio those same measures are a FICO score of 733 and an average loan-to-value of 74%.  Providing additional strength to our home equity portfolio those home equity loans that are the highest risk portion of the outstandings about $500 million in second lien lines with loan-to-values over 80%, we fully ensure those against credit losses. Also, all of our home equity portfolio was originated through our branch network; an important point since loans of this type are faring much better in todays environment than the brokered variety that are causing issues at some of our peers. This is absolutely not to say that these loans are somehow immune to broad economic and market pressures, but we firmly believe we are in relatively good shape and will continue to compare very favourably to industry-wide statistics. Shifting focus, our commercial real estate portfolio is characterized by good size, product, and geographic diversification. As an indication of its granularity, the average note size within that portfolio is $500,000, our largest five MSA concentrations are each less than 10% of the total portfolio, and although most of our overall loan portfolio  including the bulk of our commercial real estate loans  is generally performing well the one exception is our $7.2 billion residential home builder portfolio which is largely composed of loans to local or regional companies and excludes loans on land, lots, residential spec homes, and PSO residential properties. Additional details about this sector are provided in our financial supplement.  In our review of the residential home builder portfolio weve identified about $850 million that we would term relationships that we wish to exit. And weve increased the related allowances for inherent losses. Weve also shifted experienced real estate lenders to oversee and actively manage the portfolio, as well as establishing a detailed proactive workout program. Our specifically tailored workout program calls for frequent borrower contact, continuous local market review, and comprehensive internal analysis in terms of resolution and exit options. While Im confident that we now have the right people and the right strategy in place to minimize our losses, we still expect both non-performing assets and loan charge offs to rise this year. In a few minutes Al will give you the amount and the estimated timing of these increases, as well as outline the key assumptions weve made underlying these expectations. In addition to aggressively managing credit risk were also very aware of the need to maintain a strong capital base during these uncertain times. Regions is already well capitalized on a regulatory basis with a strong tangible capital ratio. At year end our tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio was 5.88% and we think it prudent to maintain the level at the upper end of our targeted range of 5.50% to 6%. That obviously means that we will probably not repurchase stock over the next several quarters. Our emphasis on cost containment will also help us weather 2008s challenges. We will continue to work diligently to further improve our operating cost structure. Merger-related cost saves which continue to exceed our initial targets are providing good momentum and I fully expect that we will see or significantly exceed the $500 million of pre-tax annualized merger cost saves by mid-year 2008. This should enable us to reduce full-year 2008 operating expenses below 2007s $4.3 billion level despite higher loan workout expenses and ongoing business development investments.  Weve also begun to focus on a number of new initiatives aimed at retaining and expanding existing customer relationships at the same time that we attract new customer relationships. These initiatives are the result of extensive and recent strategic planning process that provides our leadership a common direction for the next three years and gives us a foundation that we feel to help us successfully manage through this economically challenging period. On an enterprise basis we particularly focus on leveraging Morgan Keegans capabilities with each of our lines of business, growing our emerging and massive fluent customer segment, using a fully integrated approach, increasing core customer deposits, enhancing overall company productivity, and delivering consistent superior service across all lines of business. Additionally, were implementing two initiatives to identify incremental revenue streams and operating efficiencies. Six business forms each lead by line of business and geographic representatives will be responsible for driving these initiatives as well as our overall strategic plan. We plan to leverage the momentum and discipline that weve built as a part of our integration efforts to generate early progress and sustain focus on execution of our plans.  In summary, we feel that Regions has the ability, the commitment, and the strategies in place to successfully manage through this current difficult economic and credit cycle. With that, let me turn it over to Al for greater detail.
Alton E. Yother: Thank you, Dowd, and again good morning to everyone. EPS excluding merger charges declined $0.40 third to fourth quarter. A sharply higher loan loss provision was the major region for the fourth quarters weak bottom line, although $134 million in pre-tax non-merger related charges also significantly reduced EPS.  During the later part of the quarter our residential home builder loan portfolio was negatively impacted by a significant slowdown in housing demand, which lead to oversupply and declining residential real estate values. As a result, we increased our allowance for credit losses by recording a $358 million provision, which was $251 million above our net charge offs.  The credit cycle has clearly and rapidly turned downward, so credit costs are likely to be a key factor in determining 2008 banking industry profits. Accordingly, I want to spend a few extra minutes updating you on Regions credit quality and outlook, as well as our assessment of market conditions and risks.  Importantly, as Dowd pointed out, Regions loan portfolio is generally performing satisfactorily, except for the $7.2 billion residential home builder segment which represents about 8% of our total loans. Within this segment our greatest asset concentrations are located in Florida and in our east region, mainly in Atlanta. Indicative of the granularity of the overall residential home builder portfolio, the average note size is $405,000. Non-performing loans represent 3.6% of the total home builder portfolio with the highest concentration being located in Florida and our east geography. The most pressured product types include speculative homes and lots, and they contain the highest concentration of non-performers in this portfolio. Fourth quarter net charge offs over $1 million in size were approximately $11 million for the residential home builder portfolio as a whole. As you might expect, given the geographies just mentioned, Florida and the east are where the major forces of the write offs with again speculative homes and lots representing the most significant losses by product type.  As Dowd highlighted, we have specifically identified $850 million of residential home builder portfolio loans as exit relationships which will be managed by our special assets department. Weve already made progress in our efforts to work through this portfolio. Since December 31st of 2006 weve reduced our land concentrations by $1.1 billion.  Not surprisingly, about 66% of the $276 million linked quarter jumped in Regions total non-performing assets came from loans to these residential home builders. The residential home builder credits accounted for approximately 10% of fourth quarters total net charge offs. Weve included a schedule in the earnings supplement that details non-performing assets, 90 days past due, and net charge offs by loan type.  Despite the issues with our residential home builder portfolio, its important to reiterate that we believe that the majority of Regions loan portfolio is in relatively good shape. In fact, home equity  a product which has gotten a lot of industry attention lately  experienced net charge offs that were unchanged late quarter.  We currently expect Regions full year 2008 net loan charge offs to rise to a range of 55 to 65 basis points of average loan compared to fourth quarters 2007 annualized 45 basis points. At the same time, non-performing assets which ended 2007 at 90 basis points of loans and other real estate are anticipated to increase 20 to 30 basis points over each of the first and second quarters. They will likely continue to rise in the second half of 2008, but at a slower pace as compared to first and second quarter and could end the year at a range of 1.5% to 2% of loans. These forecasts assume weakness in residential real estate markets along with continued secondary market weaknesses throughout 2008. The interest rate cuts such as the one this morning, the slightest economic growth, and modest deterioration in our other portfolios. Now let me address the other financial performance aspects of the quarter. Fully taxable equivalent net interest income dropped $36 million or an annualized 13% linked quarter, reflecting a 13 basis point net interest market decline. The mortgage slippage was in line with our expectations and it was driven by a reduced level of low-cost deposits, an increased (inaudible) purchase, and the full effect of tax deposit we made in the third quarter. In addition, reversals have accrued interest on NTA inflows contributed to the decline. I should point out that both the Bowley (sic) purchase and a tax deposit are credits to net income even though the net interest margin impact was about 5 points negative on a combined basis for those two issues. Currently we expect some continuing compression on our 2008 margin compared to fourth quarters 3.61%. Changes from the 2007 year end level will be influenced most significantly by the rate of growth in low-cost deposits, the composition on the earning asset mix, the level of non-performing assets, and the shape of the yield curve. Since we are slightly asset sensitive, todays fed rate cuts will impact us somewhat negatively as well, but less than 1% of our net interest margin. As expected, average loans grew a modest 2% annualized third to fourth quarter, although there was an uptake to an A-loans 5% at the quarter end. Notably, we have now completed all of our conversion related portfolio reclassifications, so this will improve the loan transparency going forward as all loans as of the end of the year are in the right classifications. On a linked-quarter basis, fourth quarters total average deposits were a little unchanged. However, we did experience a shift from lower cost deposits into foreign deposits and large certificates of deposits.  Non-interest income excluding securities transactions grew a strong annualized 16% from third to fourth quarter. We saw particular strength in brokerage income benefitting from seasonal factors, but also indicative of the progress being made in deepening customer relationships, as well as attracting new customers. Additionally, interest rate volatility continued to boost the level of customer derivative transactions, which is a positive for commercial credit fees. Our decision to increase bank-owned life insurance accounted for nearly $7 million of the linked quarter gain and core fee-based revenue. Full affect is the additional Bowley purchases will flow through and be reflected in 2008s first quarter. The late quarter decrease in mortgage income reflected a $4.4 million loss on the sale of a small out-of-footprint portion of our servicing portfolio. Other income also includes $9.4 million in impairment charges related to tax preference from low-income housing investments.  Service charges also rose very nicely at an annualized 6% linked quarter, primarily due to seasonal rise in overdraft and NSF activity.  Taking a look at Morgan Keegans performance, revenue increased $32.5 million third to fourth quarter reflecting strength in the fixed income capital market activity as well as in higher private client revenues. However, a $38.5 billion loss on investments in two Morgan Keegan mutual funds caused earnings to decline overall versus the prior quarter.  Our investments, which are carried as of yearend at a market value of about $65 million, were made in order to provide liquidity to support the funds. These total mutual fund balances totalled $324 million as of December 31st, which is down from $2.1 billion at June 30th, 2007. Were satisfied with the headway were making with Morgan Keegan in expanding customer relationships. For example, during fourth quarter Morgan Keegan opened 21,000 new retail customer accounts compared to 17,000 a year earlier. All in all, we are very optimistic about Morgan Keegans 2008 growth prospects given its current momentum and healthy capital markets transaction backlog. The linked quarter increase in fourth quarter non-interest expenses excluding our merger cost was largely driven by $120 million of the items that we had recently outlined in our January 3rd call. The balance of the pre-tax number and charges were recorded as offsets to non-interest income. The expense items include $38.5 million mutual fund investment loss at Morgan Keegan, which I just mentioned, $51.5 million related to our ownership fees (inaudible) lawsuit exposures, $23 million of mortgage servicing impairment, and $7 million in foreclosed real estate write downs. The proceeds from VISAs planned ITO in 2008 should more than offset the $51 million VISA related charge that we took in the fourth quarter. In addition to the audits outlined in early January, fourth quarter expenses were affected by higher commissions directly related to Morgan Keegans strong revenue generation and an increase of legal and other professional fees. Additionally, we invested in new marketing campaigns, as well as opened 21 new branches in the fourth quarter. The completion of our branch conversions drove fourth quarter merger cost saves to $108 million bringing year-to-date cost saves to $345 million. As Dowd stated, this gives us confidence that we will exceed our revised goal of $500 million, versus the $400 million originally forecast at our merger announcement, by the mid-point of 2008. For the full year of 2007 core operating expenses totalled $4.3 billion, which is in line with our year-ago January forecast of $4.1 billion to $4.3 billion. Assuming the full flow through of merger cost saves by midyear and ogling efficiency initiatives, 2008 expenses excluding the merger charges are expected to decline by 4% to 7% in 2008 versus 2007.  The fourth quarters effective tax rate excluding merger charges dropped to 26%, reflecting our additional Bowley purchase and an overall increase in the relative portion of tax free to total taxable income. Our 2008 tax rate is anticipated to return to more normalized levels of approximately 32%. We repurchased 3.8 million common shares during the early part of the fourth quarter, but pulled back as the quarter progressed. As Dowd said, were putting our buy-back program on hold for now. In todays uncertain environment its especially important to maintain a strong capital base and with this in mind we strengthened our risk-based capital during the fourth quarter by issuing $300 million of long-term debt. Our tangible equity to tangible assets ratio remains strong as well, ending the year at 5.88%.  To sum it up, it was a tumultuous fourth quarter. With the actions taken we believe that Regions is prepared to deal with industry challenges in 2008.  Operator, we would now like to open the questions.
Operator: At this time I would like to remind everyone, if you would like to ask a question press *1 on your telephone keypad. Our first question comes from Steven Alexopoulos from J. P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Steven Alexopoulos  J. P. Morgan: Hi, good morning, guys. First question related to the fed cuts were seeing, could you just expand a bit on the margin commentary you gave and how should we think about the basis point impact to the margin here from whats going on with the feds year term?
Alton E. Yother: What I mentioned to you is a sold out less than 1% impact to the net interest margin. We dont give specific guidance on the net interest margin percentage. We do see that we will get some continued compression for the year, but we dont expect it to be anything like what you saw this past year. We do have some continuing compression but ...
C. Dowd Ritter: Steven, that less than 1% that Al is referencing, that comes directly out of our Alco (sic) and our monthly modeling and thats where a cut of this magnitude would show. Thats why that number was thrown out. All of the things being equal.
Steven Alexopoulos  J. P. Morgan: Are you saying 1% of your net interest margin or your net interest income?
Alton E. Yother: The net interest income. 
Steven Alexopoulos  J. P. Morgan: Oh, income. Okay. That clarifies that. Looking at the $850 million of the home builder loans that are now in the special assets group, how quick do you think you could run that down over the next several quarters?
C. Dowd Ritter: Well, part of the reason  and Ill let Bill Wells, our chief risk officer, comment  one of the things in the assumptions that Al covered is this secondary market staying like it is. Theres a pretty good bit of liquidity out there if we wanted to get these off the books at $0.40 to $0.50 on the dollar and we just said were not willing to do that. Thus the non-performers grow a little bit. Bill, you might want to expand on that.
William C. Wells, II: Yes, Steven, what we did was we have identified problem credits weve put in the first part of November in 06 a pretty robust problem loan identification program. Weve been identifying problem credit and have identified the $850 million. We take it by individual deals and look to see how we work out of credit. Some of these are not what youd call problem credits. These are ones that we have identified as may have some stress and we think we can turn around and work through the cycle. As Dowd mentioned, we think we may have to take them on as non-accrual right now, but we do not believe that we see the loss potential what the market is currently giving us. 
Steven Alexopoulos  J. P. Morgan: And Dowd, just a final question. How are you thinking about loan growth in 08 given you need here to preserve capital?
C. Dowd Ritter: Well, when I talked about preserved capital its obviously stopping the share repurchase part of it. But we saw a little loan growth in you annualize it there in the fourth quarter. I would hope that, you know, who can predict in this operating environment whats going to happen, but executing just our basic focus in on each of our lines of business I would hope to see on the consumer side and on the commercial line some low single-digit loan growth and thats kind of what were counting on is so many people that were focused throughout this organization on conversions and mergers instead of, if you think to the original plan laid out at announcement would have had us working on mergers and conversions until mid-year. Were now complete, so we enter into 2008 with thousands of people that were working on the merger back focused on their customer and growing their business. I feel that even in these times that gives us a pretty good head start compared to last year. 
Steven Alexopoulos  J. P. Morgan: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Casey Ambrich from Millennium. Your line is now open.
Casey Ambrich  Millennium Partners: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my questions. Sorry if youve already answered as I was on another call. Can you just kind of go through and update us and see if you have any more information on that $7.5 billion residential builder book? Do you have kind of updated LTVs and appraisals?
C. Dowd Ritter: Ill tell you what we might do, Casey, because we did go through that in the call, why dont we have List Underwood give you a call and do that off line so everybody else wont hear it again. 
Casey Ambrich  Millennium Partners: Okay. What about, Im moving on, what about reserve the loans? Whats a good target ratio we should think about right now?
C. Dowd Ritter: Okay, we covered that as well and so 
Casey Ambrich  Millennium Partners: Okay, then Ill follow up.
C. Dowd Ritter: Okay.
Casey Ambrich  Millennium Partners: Thanks very much.
C. Dowd Ritter: Hell give you a call.
Operator: And your next question comes from Ken Usdin. Your line is now open.
Kenneth M. Usdin  Banc of America Securities: Thanks. Good morning. I just actually do want to follow up on the reserves to loans. Could you just walk us through, youve given us some idea about where charge offs are and where MPAs are going, but I might of missed it then where youre talking about how much you might need to additionally provide. Also, how do you get to a level where you anticipate being comfortable with that type of reserve level? 
C. Dowd Ritter: Ken, weve gone through this calculation and its a very detailed calculation. Weve arrived at this level based on all the factors that we look at. Unless those factors change significantly the levels that we are at at the end of the quarter should be a fairly respectable level. If factors change well come back and well let you know as the year progresses, but right now we will be covering charge offs and maintaining those reserves at reasonable levels compared to where they are right now.
Kenneth M. Usdin  Banc of America Securities: One follow up to that, but doesnt the increase in non-performers that youre expecting also invoke higher provisioning, much less what might be going on below the surface as far as incremental reserving patterns? So the banks are always saying we cant necessarily take it all and get to a point, so why wouldnt you have to continual to incrementally provide?
William C. Wells, II: Ken, this is Bill Wells. What we do is we take a pretty detailed analysis of our problem loan portfolio, really of our whole portfolio. Were looking out up to 12 to 18 months ahead and based on what our best projections of looking (inaudible) non-performing assets, as well as our charge offs and exposure, what we think well have is a non-performing asset. We believe that the provision that we made sets us in a very good range of where we see the portfolio in the next 12 months or so.  Given market conditions, you always have to come back and revisit that, but I dont know seriously that our non-performance assets going up if you can relate that directly to more provisionings unless you start to see some trends that are happening within those individual credits. 
Kenneth M. Usdin  Banc of America Securities: Okay. Okay, I think I understand. And one more question just on the home equity side of the book taking your comments already that youre relatively comfortable about the fact that they were put in for an in branch and had relatively good metrics. Can you give us some discussion about the extent of deterioration that you are expecting in that book as just either normal seasoning occurs and your expectations for home prices from here?
C. Dowd Ritter: Ill start first with the home equity. One of the things that Ive been impressed, Ive been with the company three years and how we actually do our underwriting, the process we go through as far as looking at individuals and making our home equity loan, and what has happened over the past year or so youve proven that quality has held up relatively well. Youll probably start to see some past dues going up a little bit in the home equity book, but I think that would be normal indication of what weve seen in the industry and we believe why the credit people always say you have to wait and see what unemployment does and what that may affect your market or your book of business. We feel very good about how we stand up relatively to what were seeing elsewhere in the industry. As far as home prices, the weaknesses that weve seen really have come out of the Florida area that we talked about earlier in January, as well as the Atlanta area for our residential book of business. And with them particular weve seen some pressure in the Fort Myers area as well as somewhat around the Miami area, and then also Atlanta.
Kenneth M. Usdin  Banc of America Securities: Okay. And if I could also just clarify Al. Your comment before that expenses should be down 4% to 7%, are you using the four-three full year as the comparison to that ex the merger charges?
Alton E. Yother: Yes.
Kenneth M. Usdin  Banc of America Securities: So were talking like four to four-two. 
Alton E. Yother: That would be about right.
Kenneth M. Usdin  Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Fitzsimmons from Sandler ONeill. Your line is now open.
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler ONeill and Partners: Good morning, everyone. Just two quick questions to clarify. First on the $850 million thats getting transferred into special assets. Are those already in non-performing status or what, if you can reconcile that with whats going on non-performing with it. And then secondly if you can just touch on following up on Kens question on home equity, can you give us a sense for whats branch originated, whats broker originated, and what if any difference youre seeing performance of those loans?
William C. Wells, II: On the $850 million, I dont think, what I would say is its a combination of credits we have identified that are not all non-approvals. Those are, I forgot to percentage of those that may be, but we went back, Kevin, and looked at the whole portfolio, residential portfolio, and identified which credits that we thought might need some additional help through this cycle. So some of those had been transferred to special asset. Those that had been transferred to special asset. Some are what we consider problem credits that have well-defined weaknesses. But those some may not be non-accruals, as well as some of them are past loans right now that we feel very good about the borrowers, but we might need to take some other type of action again to help them through this credit cycle. Kevin might talk about the home equity, too.
Mike Willoby (sic): This is Mike Willoby. Ill just comment on this $850 million. About two-thirds of that is in special assets and would be problem loans. The other third is imminently going in but would not be considered proper loans. Theyd be exists for some other reason. The non-performing piece is about 3.5%. So its a sub-set of that two-thirds thats in special assets. 
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler ONeill and Partners: The non-performing is 3.5% of that particular portfolio.
Mike Willoby (sic): Of the $850 million.
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler ONeill and Partners: Okay. And then if you could just touch on the home equity.
Mike Willoby (sic): Could you ask that question again? I didnt hear it.
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler ONeill and Partners: I was just following up on Kens question. It seemed that thats an asset class that weve heard about problems coming. It seems prudent to assume youre going to see some deterioration there and particularly some companies have seen problems on the more broker originated channel than branch originated. If you could give us some colour there and just generally whats making you sleep at night with that portfolio.
Mike Willoby (sic): Well, we dont have anything that we dont originate ourselves, so theres no broker channel in the equity book. The second thing is that were what I call a true-to-the-cycle underwriter. Meaning that we expect to be in that business through an entire economic cycle and part of our goal is to manage the lost volatility in that portfolio. One of the reasons as Al had mentioned for our (inaudible) second position book we ensure anything we originate where the credit score is under 740. And thats, as you know, youre going to find the most volatility of results at this point. Frankly, its why our portfolio is flat linked quarter when others are not. Now, we will, as the cycle goes through we will not be immune, but I think youre going to see ours behave much more like it has and any increase will be gradual than as opposed to some others that youre looking at today.
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler ONeill and Partners: Is there any reason to be concerned with, you mentioned that you insure the high LTV loans in home equity. Is there any reason to be concerned about the entities that are insuring those given whats happening in the environment?
Mike Willoby (sic): Its a sub of a still very well rated company. We have one insurance provider and they have been, I would say, the star through the last 10 years of insuring home equity. No, were not concerned about it. 
Alton E. Yother: Id also add, too, Kevin that this high LTV, which is a small percentage of our portfolio, is usually to our private client route, which are well seasoned borrowers. So insurance is an add on factor that we decided to take because of a high LTV factor. But the underlying borrower is a very solid customer.
C. Dowd Ritter: Kevin, let me give you a couple of specifics  this is Dowd  in terms of your comment how can you sleep at night with this. A third of the accounts have first lien key locks. In other words, theyre not second mortgages. A third of those outstandings we have the first mortgage on it. The second point made earlier is the high FICO and the low loan-to-value at 75%. But Im thinking, you know, full disclosure, thats giving you the worst case. Thats 75% loan-to-value if those lines are fully drawn. Theyre not fully drawn and I guess today on that portfolio youd have about a 42% loan-to-value. So there is an awful lot of room and over half that portfolio was underwritten 2005 or earlier. So theres some good seasoning to that portfolio. 
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler ONeill and Partners: Just to follow up on that, Dowd, can you be, based on what youve seen happen in certain markets, can you go out and try to bring some of those lines in? Contract them, just to prevent risk going forward from this point?
C. Dowd Ritter: You mean, of our existing lands would we want to do something to shorten their life or cancel them or something? 
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler ONeill and Partners: Right. Do you have, you know, its been talked a lot about just industry wide that with whats happened with the values of the properties that it might represent an event that would allow you to go in and actually reduce the line. I know that would be something youd have to weigh customer by customer, but 
C. Dowd Ritter: We always look customer by customer, but as we just said, we dont have that 90% to 100% loan-to-value that are now under value. The ones that we do, as Bill Wells said, are generally our private banking clients. So we just havent seen any of that whatsoever. We are still through our employees and branch networks, we still are interested in home equity loans under the same terms and conditions that weve just described. 
Kevin Fitzsimmons  Sandler ONeill and Partners: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brag Gitawn (sic) from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Brag Gitawn (sic)  Citigroup: Good morning. A couple of questions. One, Im sorry to take you back to the reserve again, but maybe more of a hypothetical question around the reserve. You built it to 1.45% of loans and realizing trying to calculate the reserve is very difficult to do, but if your trends play out as you expect in 2008 with charge offs going to 55 to 65 basis points, is it possible that youve added to the reserve, brought out the 145, and then as you work your way out through 2008 everything behaves as you expect that you could actually draw down the 1.45%? 
Mike Willoby (sic): Well, I guess its possible, but in this environment I dont think thats probable. Until we get further into this year and see whats happening with the economy and see if our expectations play out as we have, I dont think thats very likely.
Brag Gitawn (sic)  Citigroup: Okay, so Ive had a situation where youve put aside reserves, now you can charge off against those, realizing thats probably an oversimplification of reserving. Is that a situation where you can sit outside up front and then draw against them as 2008 progresses and everything is progressing to your expectations.
C. Dowd Ritter: Thats why Al said it that way and covered the assumptions that were made in terms of the non-performers increasing, in terms of the charge offs increasing into that 55 to 65 basis point range, and that continuing throughout 2008 those were the assumptions we made in taking that reserve and thats whats modeled in there. Obviously if things worsen or improve that changes, either way that changes the possibilities.
Brag Gitawn (sic)  Citigroup: Sure. I understand. Thank you. On the commercial net charge off, just looking at the CNI portion, they were up to 49 basis points in the fourth quarter. Is that a signal of maybe a trend or is that something that is more seasonally related. 
Alton E. Yother: What Id say is dont necessarily look at the percentage because you have a shift or some reclassification of the numbers from the commercial loan portfolio. What I looked at was just the dollar increase and when I wrote that down there were probably three things that I saw. One, we had an isolated large (inaudible) that we dealt with. I didnt see anything that would be systematic throughout our portfolio. The others, which I think was a very good risk practice, we shut down our Regions wholesale funding line, which was about a little over $3 million of that increase. The rest of it really came out of business banking, which I would tell you based on where we are in the industry and what were going through and the economy, that was part of the loss, too. Another thing that would alarm me one way or the other.
Brag Gitawn (sic)  Citigroup: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Marinac from FIG Partners. Your line is now open.
Christopher Marinac  FIG Partners: Thanks. Good morning. Dowd, I wanted to ask you now about expected loss rates on some of these construction areas, particularly the land area. If we were to try to be conservative and wanted to expect future losses from those, whats a fair rate?
William C. Wells, II: Im glad you asked that now. Chris, we started back earlier in the year looking at our land portfolio. One thing that I dont think the company has really gotten credit for is we identified from a risk perspective the land exposure with the combined company and actively have reduced that over $1 billion over the year. What we also did is tried to go to market and sell some of the land on the front end, before the market really had turned. We were probably looking at an 8% discount. As we got through the process that number had gone up to 15% to 20%. Now what youre seeing in the market if you tried to go to market now, Chris, it could be up to, as Dowd had mentioned, 40%. Now that still depends on the individual properties, location, the current build out. So it would be very hard to look. We look at them individually and when we start to see theres trouble then thats what we do is move it to non-accrual.  What were looking at right now is looking at our non-performing go up, but not necessarily taking a full exposure liquidation value of those properties. I think thats very hard to model in. What I would do is take what Al had given you, talked about what our charge off range would be, and that is factored in. 
Christopher Marinac  FIG Partners: Okay. Very good. And then in terms of a pipeline of future issues, do you have clients that are still on interest reserves that may have those expire and therefore theres new (inaudible) three to six months?
Alton E. Yother: There could be one or two. Its certainly possible. Were expecting some more divulged, but as I look at the portfolio and look at what we dont have, Im sitting here thinking we dont have sub-prime, we dont have any option arms, we dont have any reverse end mortgages, we dont have any exposure to sivs (sic). Yes, there will probably be a little bit of deterioration, but I think weve talked about the one- to four-family builder portfolio because that really is our concentration.
William C. Wells, II: And also, too, interest reserves as youre picking up on is one of your key indicators. Youre looking at how long your interest reserves will go and that is what were factoring in as a projection of our non-accruals to. Also what I would tell you is our early identification of these credits, moving them into an exit strategy, is exactly doing that. It is identifying these credits that we think may have some stress on those and trying to figure out ways we can work with a customer to make sure they can, as were doing, manage through this tough economic cycle.
C. Dowd Ritter: Our best options, and I think somebody had asked earlier about exiting, our best options to exit will be to identify credits very early on and thats what this whole program is about. 
Christopher Marinac  FIG Partners: Great. Thanks for the colour. Appreciate it. 
Operator: There are no further questions.
C. Dowd Ritter: Thank you, Operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us and we will stand adjourned. 
Operator: You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives
